nytimes china cracks bloggers ‘excessive’ entertainmenthmm  backwards  ways? rtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggersrtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggersnytimes china cracks bloggers ‘excessive’ entertainmentchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limit...   infoceliobusinessdesk china proposes curbs entertainment bloggersdtn usa china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing li...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...nytimes china cracks bloggers ‘excessive’ entertainment communist leaders china proposing n...this sad infuriating rtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggerschina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...holiday gift 4 friends & family $9.99 1st book 5   fortier series  bookclub  nytimes  editors  bloggersright wing bloggers bright satire satirical faked quotes criticize  occupywallstreet   tcot  p2china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing ...nytimes china cracks bloggers ‘excessive’ entertainment.right wing bloggers fake quotes criticize occupy wall street  viaows  occupywallstreetchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...
rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?lol rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?   anonyopsrtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?“rank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?
autofollowusa todayfewer iphone activations hamper growth at&tnew york timesmark l...   teamfollowbackrtrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases & tarps.  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtwhat happening union square? remnants march? tons nypd riot gear zuccotti. fewer 75 officers  owsrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupierstech fewer iphone activations hamper growth at&t   york timesrtwhat happening union square? remnants march? tons nypd riot gear zuccotti. fewer 75 officers  owsrtrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases & tarps.  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersfewer iphone activations hamper growth at&t   york times usa todayfewer iphone activations hamper ...   techfewer iphone activations hamper growth at&t   york times atlanticfewer iphone activations hamper gro...followff usa todayfewer iphone activations hamper growth at&tnew york timesm...rtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersfewer iphone activations hamper growth at&t   york times usa todayfewer iphone activatio...   teamfollowbackfewer iphone activations hamper growth at&t   york times usa todayfewer iphone activations hamper growth...fewer iphone activations hamper growth at&t   york times usa todayfewer iphone activations hamper growth...fewer iphone activations hamper growth at&t   york times usa todayfewer iphone activations hamper growth...rtwhat happening union square? remnants march? tons nypd riot gear zuccotti. fewer 75 officers  ows“what happening union square? remnants march? tons nypd riot gear  ows. fewer 75 officers."  fbrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersfewer iphone activations hamper growth at&t   york times usa todayfewer iphone activations hamper growth...
rt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrtrt100s  occupy protesters marching manhattan solidarity w/oakland. live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching manhattan solidarity w/oakland. live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrtoccupywallst definitive vid ows tuesday solidarity march w/oakland... enjoy  hotrtrt100s  occupy protesters marching lower manhattan solidarity w/oakland. live stream   owsrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live stream100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrtrt100s  occupy protesters marching lower manhattan solidarity w/oakland. live stream   owsrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live streamrt100s  occupy protesters marching downtown manhattan solidarity w/oakland. activist live stream
fantasy football research predicting defensive performances seth walder predictable fantasy defense...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...immigration reform white house goes defensive court  latino voters   tcotfantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...mathias kiwanuka rack sacks ny giants defensive ...   york daily newsfantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...rtoccupysf forming defensive lines camp. sign police  organizers en route.fantasy football research predicting defensive performances start  decided correlation th...giants cupcake dolphins test justin tuck returns giants  defensive line sunday t...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...ny jets  anotonio cromartie  rex ryan try answers balance defensive backfield maddening inco...
rtlivestream pete seeger walking columbus circle  pete fighting fight life   mensch & heroamazing   livestream pete seeger walking columbus circle  . pete seeger fought 99% life.rthe using canes walk  walking tall.rtrta guy walking  occupysf giving tear gas 101 chemistry lessons police raid.rtpete seeger live walking singing  headed free concert  sitertnypd lost control up. huge mass walking traffic broadway  owsrtamazing   livestream pete seeger walking columbus circle  . pete seeger fought 99% life.mtveteran walking w/ id out. cop holding netting  "me  whatta me? " vet kettlingpete seeger walking help 2 canes  hundreds  ows"this land me..." walking pete seeger  smiles abound  owsrtpassing sixth blockade broadway. nypd foot. keeping street  sating walking  owsrtrtyou 7 bylines herman cain story. solyndra? mexican gun walking?  prioritiesrtpete seeger walking help 2 canes  hundreds  owsrtwalking broadway now. copters circling.    p2  occupywallstreet  ows  1u  tcotrta nice foreign couple spotted buttons stopped walking wall st. directions  libertysquare (  owsrtyou re welcome. thank inspiration   steve walking soon  yum.owsrtrtrtnypd lost control up. huge mass walking traffic broadway  owsrtpassing sixth blockade broadway. nypd foot. keeping street  sating walking  owsrtmtveteran walking w/ id out. cop holding netting  "me  whatta me? " vet kettlingrtpete seeger walking help 2 canes  hundreds  owsrtmtveteran walking w/ id out. cop holding netting  "me  whatta (cont)
“croatia ex pm corruption trial  oh look   occupywallstreet  occupymelbournertanother video  occupymelbourne "the world watching "  ~rl  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtshocking police behaviour occupymelbournertviolent confrontations australia  occupymelbourne videortoccupymelbourne congrats joined  occupyitaly  occupygermany  occupynetherlands  occupywallstreet  occupyireland :)send message footage peace intentions. media spins muchpolice brutality  occupymelbourne australia      ows  a99  opesr  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  usdor  anonymousoccupymelbourne consensus & inclusive process video  occupywallstreet    viarti hope cops plan feeding homeless whatdid.  owsoccupy world asap illsionoccupymelbourne evicted   surrounded fences police moving inrtoccupymelbourne alternate livestreamrtrt undercover occupy withhilarious     owsrtrtrtplease tell  occupymelbourne surrounded police. ...rtaussie cops threaten mother & child horse day 1  occupymelbourne   ows  usdorrtcops getting ready evict.  owsrtanother video  occupymelbourne "the world watching "  ~rl  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtlisten worldoccupyoz  occupymelbourneis surroundedrtoccupymelbourne citizens melbourne attacked police.  emergencythe emperor wears clothes  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  occupysf  occupyla  occupysydney  occupymelbourne  occupylondonrtanother video  occupymelbourne "the world watching "  ~rl  occupyla  occupywallstreet
rtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owscongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcity generators gone  wall street protesters try bicycle powerrtprops 2  nypd 4 nudge 2 green ;) rtw/ gas powered generators confiscated   ows 2 bicycle power.ooh  gr8 pt  rtbicycle generated energy?  ows everyday workouts :drtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsyes  rtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  ows_  rtpolice looking shot killed woman brooklyn rode bicycle.with generators gone  wall street protesters try bicycle powerrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsbicycle  occupywallstreetoccupywallstnyc switched bicycle powered generators  //  looneytunesquirrelsonbicycles  anybuzzkillvolunteers?love  rtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  ows
rtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtha  rtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsbahahaha  rtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  ows
where seeing "on screen time"?rtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsows march chanting "oakland  oakland  oakland" nyc  occupytogether  worldcantwait  net4change  occupyoakland  usdorinjured marine vet "oakland crowd control methods prohibited war zones"   occupyoakland  ows  usdorvideo "occupy" protests signs slowing (cbs)   occupy  ows  occupytogether  worldcantwait  anonymous  usdorrtojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalathis right.  nypd gone far. cracking "occupy sesame street" omglinked occupy la coverage "occupy wall street illusion solidarity"   ows  occupywallst  p2rtojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojala"occupy wall street" versatyle"wol "old boar eau de toilet pour les filles fur wen yoo cant widdle her"  wlf" molrtcomunicado de "ocupa wall street" al mundo (subt esp)    takewallstreet  globalchange  15oct   occupybmvrtinjured marine vet "oakland crowd control methods prohibited war zones"   occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtsad. walcott fighting 99% life mted panel meeting disrupted "occupy" protestsrtows protesters  winter supplies "occupy" downtown warehouse donated bystorycute "orange" kittyrtojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojala"occupying  (  )  ows  banksters  ploutocratie  democracynow  occupytogether  usdor"occupydenver303 ustream ." (  occupydenver  occupy  ows  repression  usdor  racism  police  realdemocracyi wrote   "occupy wall street" scribd   readcast
lech walesa attending  occupywallstreet ny discovering hard left organizers</span>    integrityrtnypd arrests ows organizer debra sweet; communist. organizer theory.rtlech walesa attending  occupywallstreet york discovering hard left organizers po...   tcot  p2rtmy voices zuccotti video  ows sanitation organizer jordan mccarthy  & storythere organizer phone person seiu seiu meeting it. double checkd b4 inypd arrests ows organizer  anonymous  ww3rtnypd arrests  ows organizer     occupywallst  occupyusa  occupytogether  worldrevolution  29o  globalchange  occupyrtows  opesr nypd arrests ows organizerthis organizers sexy 23 huh?  balding  yellow teeth uglyows organizer tells biggovernment rape epidemic park  safe women    tcot  teaparty  p2  occupywallstrtoccupysf forming defensive lines camp. sign police  organizers en route.“an organizer  occupyokc died (not due police action) please follow" est ou ock ?the time organizers day rage announce date occupy white house    ows  usdororganizers day rage announce date set camps parks/squares nearby white house    ows  usdornypd arrests  ows organizernypd arrests  debra sweet  organizer  occupywallstreet (  ows) movementthehave sending drunks  meth head homeless zuccotti &  ows create p.r. 4 organizersrtthe anti semitic anti israel organizers  occupywallstreet   ows  cnn  nyc  ac360  tcot  sgp  twisters  ocra  pbsrt"occupy wall street brand" organizer brien wrote email. "operation enduring freedom is."   ows  usdorrtrtnypd arrests  ows organizer   otn  omrttonight  7pm  atorganizers talk  ows. thurs.  oct. 20  red  student services bldg
under mayor bloomberg control  nyc test tampering allegations risen 7% 2009 2010 year.herman cain  dogged sexual harassment allegations  sings  amazing gracertexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd  ows  ftp  revolutionherman cain  dogged sexual harassment allegations  sings ‘amazing grace’    ny daily newscain addresses harassment allegationsexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation the...it thomas  try  ha rtann coulter calls allegations cain ‘high tech lynching’explosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd (details) | global grind explosive al...rtexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd   >>explosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd (details)explosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd (details) | global grind   ows  tcot  teapartyexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypdexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd (details) | global grindexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd (details)explosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd     news  owson radar swaths region w/o electricity;  halloween canceled towns; cheating allegations 1 5 nyc schoolsdatabase rise test tampering allegationsinterestng reportexplores allegations nypd "spying" onblocks zuccotti.  ows suppliesann coulter calls allegations cain ‘high tech lynching’rtexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd   >>rtexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd   >>
rtwe scott olsen    occupy movement battlecry   ows  scottolsen  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  usdor  p2rtwe scott olsen    occupy movement battlecry   ows  scottolsen  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  usdor  p2rtscottolsen silenced.  speak     1u  oo  p2  ows  comm  hsm2  quote  occupy  support  classwar  occupysf  usdorrtwe  scottolsen    love youows  solidarityscottolsen &  occupyoakland msnbc   ows  occupywallstreetrtrtwe  scottolsen     love youows  solidarityrtwe  scottolsen    love youows  solidarityrtscott olsen awake. able write little bit  roommate says.  scottolsen  occupywallstreetrt"vigils tonight 4  scottolsen  marine attacked cops @  occupoakland  solidarityrtwe  scottolsen    love youows  solidarityrtwatch  occupywallst  occupyoakland solidarity march honor  scottolsen  owsrtlive union square park  occupywallst  occupyoakland solidarity march  support  scottolsen.   owsrt"vigils tonight 4  scottolsen  marine attacked cops @  occupoakland  solidarityrtwe  scottolsen    love youows  solidarityjon stewart parks demonstration   oakland riot   ows  occupywallstreet  usdor  scottolsen  occupyoaklandrtvery nice. rtcandlelight vigil  scottolsen  occupyphilly  owsscott olsen    occupy movement battlecry   ows  scottolsen  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  usdor  p2rtwith 57  occupyarrests total arrests stand 2750 please  standwithoakland  scottolson  occupywallst  iamscottolsenwe  scottolsen    love youows  solidarityrtwatch  occupywallst  occupyoakland solidarity march honor  scottolsen  owsuptwinkles lmao rtrtbreaking news  scottolsen  thumbs  supporters  ows
new sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viaat people learning rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /vianew sex ed course raises eyebrows  /viasembra interessante ma ... che cosa significa? : ortnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /via"the girl door"rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /vianew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /via// guess pregnant teensrtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viakids aren kids anymore rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /via
rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.essay  day america died bit.ly/911_america_dieon post 911 perma war  fascism & ecocide  occupywallstreetmusic andrew kuo looks punk 1991ellen stewart  91  broadway pioneer  diesrtessay  day america died bit.ly/911_america_dieon post 911 perma war  fascism & ecocide  occupywallstreetmanhattan   shots fired duty  nypd officer riverside dr & 91 st.  aviation  esu &  k9 requested.  breakingrthottest club nyc  ows  featuring 92 yr political folk legend pete seeger. admission freei stand country  corrupt government  occupywallstreet  nwou/d manhattan 24 precinct shots fired duty nypd officer riverside dr & 91 st. request aviation esu & 9 ems crime scene setup ku/d 24 precinct pd report perp fled mos weapon request ems mos heavy nypd crime scene setup 91st & riverside dr 10:56:40 pmmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.music andrew kuo looks punk 1991rtdraft constitutional amendment petition 2  getmoneyout politics  text sign +19177206888  ows   occupywallstreetenergy innovations (the tv show)     2915monroe  river return  dress auctioned           piccall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtrtpolice attack denver mayor 720 865 9090 / pd 720 913 2000 press 1 / governor 303 866 247rtmanhattan *u/d shots fired & nypd gun stolen*  nypd telling "plain cloths officers" exit riverside park immediately.rtrtdenver internal affairs 720 913 6019. file complaints officer actionsrtmanhattan *u/d shots fired  nypd officer assaulted & weapon stolen* massive  nypd crime scene established @ riverside drive & 91 st (d1)rtfwdbronx 3 ave & east 163 st mva serious injuries  aided removed lincoln hospital. nypd hwy enroute accid ...
*enraged* rtnypd literally sale. "paid detail unit" allows companies citibank...   redditrt"i feel beaten wife divorced asshole married nice guy "    credit union customer onrt"i feel beaten wife divorced asshole married nice guy "    credit union customer onrt"i feel beaten wife divorced asshole married nice guy "    credit union customer onrt"i feel beaten wife divorced asshole married nice guy "    credit union customer onbadcopnodonut nypd literally sale. "paid detail unit" allows companies citibank nyse t...   redditbadcopnodonut nypd traded crack sex   redditoccupymedia picture  interviewed today. interview begins 2:30. reddit ...   owsrt"i feel beaten wife divorced asshole married nice guy "    credit union customer onrt"i feel beaten wife divorced asshole married nice guy "    credit union customer onrt"i feel beaten wife divorced asshole married nice guy "    credit union customer onrt*enraged* rtnypd literally sale. "paid detail unit" allows companies citibank...   redditrt"i feel beaten wife divorced asshole married nice guy "    credit union customer onreddit post  irc meeting 11:00 pm est 11/1  regarding  darknet     occupywallst  hackerspacesrt"i feel beaten wife divorced asshole married nice guy "    credit union customer onoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     ss501   song youoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     shinee   luciferoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     gdragon   butterflyoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     sg wannabe   lalalaoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     super junior   youoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     shinee   please  don go
rtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtask michael  tell terrible move (i did).  ows broadly supported   backlashrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtrtnice  campers  calling outon shady park closing plans. 2     owsrtthe real estate board () main  (212) 532 3100. call & tell 2 pressure city 2 close parks.  ows  311  nycrtask michael  tell terrible move (i did).  ows broadly supported   backlashand pin head  "you reap lash. tired lazy  uneducated holes. squattingi leave 3 ft ice hanging noses.rtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtask michael  tell terrible move (i did).  ows broadly supported   backlashrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorspoke 2 michael slattery asst  overwhelmed.    expecting call back. callingrejust fone w/ michael slattery  actually returned call  5 min convo abt. letting  ows stay.  occupywallstnycrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdor
rtyou re secretive?  name runs twitter feed? name website owner?doc drop zuccotti park owner?s letter complaint nypd commish ray kelly occupy wall street cleanup  filth  invasion  disrespectrtright  minute  america wealth siphoned hit hit pay owners   ows  usdor  antiwar  p2  p21he saying owner park .     occupywallstnyc live"reports nba owners  players resume talks; cancellations ‘on hold’  muted golf claplupica ball owners  court day  nba season i...   nbanyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...*pls rt* nyc priest censored zuccotti neighbor (& huge landowner) trinity church supporting  owsrtyou re secretive?  name runs twitter feed? name website owner?nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...rtohio governor signs crack ownership exotic animals  || ccnyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...that nada  los tree arboros fallingo downerosrtobama hell home owners. obama love " bankers left behind" .ows  tcot  takewallstreet  news  cspj"mets alter citi field walls try increase scoring   change ownership winkeep tight grip iphone      issue android owners.rta read companies (and homeowners too) business reputation management ny timesnyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...rtobama hell home owners. obama love " bankers left behind" .ows  tcot  takewallstreet  news  cspjsmith  jada pinkett smith buy minority ownership philadelphia 76ers ...   york daily newsrtiphone + thermostat =device learns & programs  saves homeowners energy  $$
rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.ows song speaks movements message. spread retweetrti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rtspray painted message reading “kill pigs” oakland  ows exactly violent message.  time stop.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.i ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.incredible  incredible work. "the movement message." mad  anonluv  solidarity   hugs  wtfever  man. on.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.thanks message. online yet?rtaskedwhat role twitter plays for"social media critical" spreading  ows message.rt  ows song speaks movements message. spread retweet
rtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites  99percent   ows  topprog  p2" shouldn’t work.  trying help country company. "  revolutionarytextmessages  nytimesoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%rtthe 1% addresses. 99% messages. occupy board    ows   ourwallstreetrtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites  99percent   ows  topprog  p2rtrtchoppers circling air  occupysf.  messages violence people mic.  owsrtif ve wondered occupy wall street  powerful messages help clarify s...9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%   owsrtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites  99percent   ows  topprog  p2if ve wondered occupy wall street  powerful messages help clarify s...occupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99% | occu..occupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%rthow chinese jokes hidden messages veil political statements internet censorsoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%emoticons professional messages   yay nay? nytimes you’re happy   too?rtthe 1% addresses. 99% messages. occupy board    ows   ourwallstreetrtjeez talking time. police  protestors  crowd  yelling messages. hear any.  occupywallstreetoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99% | occu..rtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street 99%  goodmorning  owsrtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%know  sign text messages email planned weekend subway work.
fantasy football research predicting defensive performances seth walder predictable fantasy defense...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...predicting future wisdom crowds rtuniversity studies crowdsourcing intelligencefantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances start  decided correlation th...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...
oct. 21  1879 | thomas edison lights lamp   york times (blog) york times (blog)oct. 21  1879 | thom...rtlawsuit claims  nypd slapped dog window   ows  usdor  nypdarefilthandtheenemynew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viaamerican airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...rtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtpatent  broccoli revoked    monsanto tightens death grip food |  gmo  food   ows  occupywallst...rtnovember election cost nyc $17 million | york daily newsat people learning rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viaoakland tense police  protesters clash  attacked liberal country cal ? amazingbud  shocked oakland police riot gear ran  takewallstreet folksa peaceful protester skull fractured police. responsible? people answersowsrt"mostly peaceful  obeyed law   weasel wordsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtradio host broadcast npr fired involvment occupy wall street protests freelance radio host ...rtntc    former  gaddafi cronies  west  puppets   26.10.11   libya  war   takewallstreet ? ronpaul2012  owswhat makes shot someone? "wanted questioning regards shooting 10/27moammar khadafy death proves obama strategy libya stronger mocking gop claimedr&b star joe own string theory troubled york youthgiant rat killed pitchfork marcy houses believed ga pouched rat   york daily news  viartrtmtoccupymaine ied suspect car late 80s/early 90s silver 4door sedan ...and day 15:00 front bundestag
gwyneth paltrow doesn children  apple moses  easy union ... photographer r...president obama weekly address millionaires willing pay ...president obama weekly address millionaires willing pay ...rtobama  occupywallstreet bff unrest comes directly alinsky secular bible rules radicals   tcot  tlotrtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.bloomberg won ban horse drawn carriages  cares money. broadways sky scrapers etc nuf?rtplease  oakland police mayor fresh protest critical wounding veteran   ows  usdor  californiasuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan   newyorktimesrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkimportant essay byecology bubble bursts bit.ly/pxnac6   sustain global ecology left  occupywallstreet  owsessay  day america died bit.ly/911_america_dieon post 911 perma war  fascism & ecocide  occupywallstreetrtnypd redirecting drunks loonies  ows – straight cia’s dirty tricks playbookrtarticle ago relevant now.rt:"what wall street?"robbery  drug dealing  gun smuggling 2nd scandal week rocks ny cops | alternet  read dirty nypd  rt?????????????????an android app answer sirirtmost  needsoftheoccupiers tonight warm & dry  plastic grocery bags feet  hot drinks.  occupydenverrtjust 9 months agoproposed cutting  nypd pensions   ows  p2rtrttrick treat   wallstreet. people bailout back.  ows  occupydenver  occupychi  oo  occupytucsonoh america ..here  children united song ... song hope .     occupywallstnyc livenew research claim drinking coffee lowers skin cancer risk ...“columnist nypd encouraging drunks 2 join occupiers   doesnt anymore insane  collective insanity
dis shit cray .. rtparents claim brooklyn hospital staff baby lethal dose zithromaxrtalso popularpost nypd occupy wall street  bya peaceful protester skull fractured police. responsible? people answersows"live  occupyseattle swat downtown seattle woman hit bullet  "rtntc    former  gaddafi cronies  west  puppets   26.10.11   libya  war   takewallstreet ? ronpaul2012  owsmoammar khadafy death proves obama strategy libya stronger mocking gop claimedgiant rat killed pitchfork marcy houses believed ga pouched rat   york daily news  viartjust identified undercover nypd  ows   black  late 30s  shown white man. sketching zuccotti floorplan.rtdown tribeca   swat team  occupywallst protesters readyi blown caliber journalism ny times  total headline fail.can any1 confirm supposedmarch halloween accompanied guy fawkes masks face?  ows  occupywallstrtquiet day occupation.  site huddled up.  hello fair weather activist.rtbrooklyn ffs honored congregation yetev lev satmar saving torahs synagogue firertartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayfantasy football research predicting defensive performances seth walder predictable fantasy defense...rt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  owssteve jobs biography walter isaacson reveals obsession veganism ... priyanka padode ap newly...rtnypd cop busted  fbi agents civil rights charges   ows  usdor  nypdfilthmovie review |  anonymous  ‘anonymous ’ roland emmerich   review   newyorktimesnypd name calls hi yoko lmaooo ima regularshares rise europe meets debt crisis christine hauser stocks rose wednesday companies reported s...
rtows please support 11  occupyarrests paris  sept17   sarkozy jail  tousx11“royal dutch shell net profit doubles £4.35bn ($6.98bn) period june sept     occupywallstreet“croatia ex pm corruption trial  oh look   occupywallstreet  occupymelbourneso policing little  ol  occupyvancouver costing vpd  occupywallstreet costing nypd?   godigrtmichael moore cnbc  job  cover 99%   ows  ourwallstreetrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.watching msnbc retired marine sgt. shamar thomas ham nypd ows protesters...wowrtmichael moore cnbc  job  cover 99%   ows  ourwallstreetrt. panoramic photo 3 march brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreetoccupyoakland  occupyatlanta  occupysf  ows  occupywallstreet gasmasks  10$ destroy weapon..ows beautiful people  beautiful night.  occupywallstreet  usdor    stopthemach2011  october2011occupynashville  protesters arrested 2nd straight night (abc news)   ows  occupytogether  usdor  worldcantwaitwho calling marxism?   usdor  ows  obama2012  sharpton  waters  dnc  cbc  obamaadministration  p2  p21  o15rtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandscottolsen &  occupyoakland msnbc   ows  occupywallstreetrtrye brook  ny  snow  eyewitnessnychahaha “even  batman getting action  ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetellen stewart  91  broadway pioneer  diesrichmond  va guess mayor dwight c. jones..*ain it*  occupywallstreet   comply arrestedrttobecleararresteesrreporting2us answeringtheirjailphonecalls  thatsomehavebeenbeatenbyguards. ty
i am thinking consider becoming political party b4 sudden ww iii startsrtthankswhats wrong whore living room? kitchen? bathroom? backseat jeep? smhtsa screener fired leaving note telling passenger  freak  girl     ny dail..rtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtoccupy targets iowa caucuses   mj lee     viaoccupywallstreet  owsnypd officers charged allegedly helping friends tickets77 woman fights rapist cops hunting tried rape 77 woman i...rtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtrtmulticast oakland ga solidarity actions live feed (cont)watch please    video inside citibank incident nypd arrests occupy wallst...“the bottom line police policng  governor & mayor.”rtgoon threw chem bomb  occupymaine clue loving  resilient strong these...rta wall st poem change  thought?    ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  occupyrtrtwinter storm warning effect nyc 2am tomorrow. (cont)rtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtffedndeb4858their official press release out2moro.tweeted soon found b4 press release was2moro.there organizer phone person seiu seiu meeting it. double checkd b4 idodging trees?rtstorm makes central park mess b4 ny marathon   nycyour money explaining federal student loan rules ron lieber  money columnist  answered readers’ quest...
rtnypd redirecting drunks loonies  ows – straight cia’s dirty tricks playbook“columnist nypd encouraging drunks 2 join occupiers   doesnt anymore insane  collective insanityrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtdrunks encouraged “take  zuccotti” byofficers who’d found drinking parks   owsrtrt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks ar...occupy nypd sending drunks discredit group? | veracity stewnypd sends drunks/homeless occupy wall street discredit movement. kicked   re 99% too. haha"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall street     via   owsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd reportedly sending drunks & criminals  occupywallstreet  ows  destroy  occupy movement   youtubert"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall street     via   owsrt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtnypd urging drunks & criminals infiltrate protestors  camp  occupywallstreet effort sully cause.  ows  p2rtnypd urging drunks & criminals infiltrate protestors  camp  occupywallstreet effort sully cause.  ows  p2rtnypd urging drunks & criminals infiltrate protestors  camp  occupywallstreet effort sully cause.  ows  p2nypd reportedly sending drunks & criminals occupy wall streetnyc drunks encouraged “take zuccotti” police   ows set  fail encouraging protest
rtworst congress. ever. —   usdor  owsdis shit cray .. rtparents claim brooklyn hospital staff baby lethal dose zithromaxhi 2  gr weekendrttoday 4pm   washingtonsquare  2chairs  public debate letting individuals chance debate ideas movement. participatei ve sayingrtalso popularpost nypd occupy wall street  byu jackass  takewallstreet people love rich paying obama 38 000.00 sit eat real quickwhy  occupywallstreet columbus circle now? annoying. way.  blehwhat makes shot someone? "wanted questioning regards shooting 10/27president obama weekly address millionaires willing pay ...president obama weekly address millionaires willing pay ...and day 15:00 front bundestagbigup  start ; ) cusoon didnt hav muchtime willvienna 1day be4 global 15 oct ppl occupy huge bldg  ows  occupywallstrtdown tribeca   swat team  occupywallst protesters readyi blown caliber journalism ny times  total headline fail."important:please  occupyoakland:mayor jean quan trouble riot   ows  usdor   california“maybe u.s. invade oakland    unlike iraq    actually chemical weapons”  occupywallstreetrtprotesters weren  dalefarm fight police. opportunity 2 violent brings uafrtbrooklyn mother 12 mourned  hailed hero police commish  ray kelly 250 zurana horton’s emotional f...rtwe play.  play mine  play  succeed.   anonymous  ows  occupywallstreetrtwho protecting again??occupyoakland
dis shit cray .. rtparents claim brooklyn hospital staff baby lethal dose zithromaxschool anti bullying video pretty nice.rthealth care reform rally held zuccotti parkrtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtwhat america president silent human & constitutional rights tread on?  occupy  ows  usdorrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortremember 5th november   occupyoakland  occupywallstreet  occupyboston  occupymaine  occupyatlanta  occupybaltimore  occupyseattle  rtrtradio host broadcast npr fired involvment occupy wall street protests freelance radio host ...rtntc    former  gaddafi cronies  west  puppets   26.10.11   libya  war   takewallstreet ? ronpaul2012  owsmoammar khadafy death proves obama strategy libya stronger mocking gop claimedglad cops cleaning trash. streetspresident obama weekly address millionaires willing pay ...president obama weekly address millionaires willing pay ...rtows please support 11  occupyarrests paris  sept17   sarkozy jail  tousx11rtdown tribeca   swat team  occupywallst protesters readyi blown caliber journalism ny times  total headline fail.“maybe u.s. invade oakland    unlike iraq    actually chemical weapons”  occupywallstreet“torch cams masses views lady liberty“torch cams offer rare view lady libertyrtobama  occupywallstreet bff unrest comes directly alinsky secular bible rules radicals   tcot  tlotrtthe  ows goon squad rioting force shower  shave job.  occupywallstreet  p2
rtrichest 1% households own 38.2% stock market wealth   poorest 60% own 2.5%   ows  occupywallstreetdis shit cray .. rtparents claim brooklyn hospital staff baby lethal dose zithromaxschool anti bullying video pretty nice.rtpatent  broccoli revoked    monsanto tightens death grip food |  gmo  food   ows  occupywallst...rt5 banks account 96% $250 trillion outstanding u.s. derivative exposure.  power?   occupywallst  owsrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortalso popularpost nypd occupy wall street  byoakland tense police  protesters clash  attacked liberal country cal ? amazingbud  shocked oakland police riot gear ran  takewallstreet folksrtradio host broadcast npr fired involvment occupy wall street protests freelance radio host ...what makes shot someone? "wanted questioning regards shooting 10/27rtrtmtoccupymaine ied suspect car late 80s/early 90s silver 4door sedan ...rtjust identified undercover nypd  ows   black  late 30s  shown white man. sketching zuccotti floorplan.bigup  start ; ) cusoon didnt hav muchtime willvienna 1day be4 global 15 oct ppl occupy huge bldg  ows  occupywallstrtnyu proposes center urban science progress downtown brooklyn  / viartrt thinkshould announce proposals  peoplesmic closed doors ht ...rttoo rain   peoplesmic electricity free...  owsrtiowa couple spent 72 died buried | nydaily news“croatia ex pm corruption trial  oh look   occupywallstreet  occupymelbourne“nyc’s food trucks schnitzel &rtbrooklyn mother 12 mourned  hailed hero police commish  ray kelly 250 zurana horton’s emotional f...
rtmichael hofmann les murray killing black dog  via
rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsautofollowusa todayfewer iphone activations hamper growth at&tnew york timesmark l...   teamfollowbackrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtman stabbed death kitchen knife trying break fight women rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsgovmnt goes broke borrow $. citizens broke (cont)tebowing  goes viral; internet meme inspired denver broncos quarterback ... meme inspired tebow ...rtoccupy capitol national event week   otopks  ows  occupywallstreeti nypd scarrrrrred death halloween lmfaoooooap impact nypd shadows muslims change namesrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd likertthis   > playing rules strange success  occupywallstreet   ows  99percent  occcupytogetherrtinside tip cops sending convicts zuccotti  ows  protest  occupycltrtlove  art  solidarity. all...  ows  99percentoccupync  occupytogether  takethesquarertour comfort committee tarps  send 118a fulton st. nyc  ny 10038  needsoftheoccupiersrtrt “our comfort committee tarps  send 118a fulton st. nyc  ny 10038  needsoftheoccupiers”
glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...rthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsglory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...rthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsglory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...sorry  heard dhs crack nat  occupy from...?glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...rthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsglory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...rthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   ows
rtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtrtnyclu nypd shd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets nr zuccotti   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetbrooklyn school locks toilets  leaving available 634 studentsrtneedsoftheoccupiers portable toilets & cleaning services. step up. provide help.  occupyatlanta  occupyoakand  occupyboston  occupydenverrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   owsrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreet... doesn ows rent portable toiletsreads draft reso:".. limit drums .. access toilets .. businesses .. gd neighbor policy .. remove nypd barriers"rtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers portable toilets & cleaning services. step up. provide help.  occupyatlanta  occupyoakand  occupyboston  occupydenver
hello fdny. happy birthday lady liberty. grandparents approaching ellis island.   : )is birthday happy birthday you. paw hugs.  wlfrt?*¨*•  follow •*¨*?*¨*•  ff •*¨*?happy  birthday  day bring smile  =^._.^=   wlfyes happy birthday ms nemi  piegobhappy birthdayhappy birthdaythe inaugural run york city subway system 10.27.1904happy birthday  happy birthday :)  wlfrthappy birthday  newyork city subway.  operating day 1904.rthappy birthday  newyork city subway.  operating day 1904."save date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor" birthdayoh definitely day birthday/gotcha day partyhappy birthday dear nemi *mwah* ((hugs)) xx  wlfit pater 63rd drinking german lager  champagne socialists mater birthdayhappy birthday statue libertyhappy birthday nemi xxx  wlfnemesisrepublic happy birthday nem  xxxnight night birthday girl. hugs & tibbsy  wlfrtrtrtfireworks conclude lady liberty 125th birthdayrtmy mom bankruptcy foreclosure. simchat torah birthday. celebrated dancing torah  occupywallstreet.  owsrthappy birthday  newyork city subway.  operating day 1904.nov 17th birthday  guess ll doing then.  occupy  ows  weshallovercome
new sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viaat people learning rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /vianothing jobs  money  future????  cause cops beating democratic protestors coursertnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /vianew sex ed course raises eyebrows  /viasembra interessante ma ... che cosa significa? : opentagon  throwback leader charts change coursec=the  future...will  workforce  stem skills compete  global marketplace>   college  major  coursesrtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viaof course amazing pathetic mind  occupywallstreetdee dee ricks changes course life discovering breast cancer. watch hbo documentary.rtdaily kos stay course   occupy   ows  occupy  wikileaks  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupychicago  occupysf  usdorremember terry jones  koran burning pastor? running president—as republican course."the girl door"rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /vianew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartmtreally? sound it. course  edl mad  lonely  sad woman.rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /via
oct. 21  1879 | thomas edison lights lamp   york times (blog) york times (blog)oct. 21  1879 | thom...rtworst congress. ever. —   usdor  owsis sitting killing us?more moles @ cb1? sounds it.  owsnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtcheck mom movement inspire kidsrttoday 4pm   washingtonsquare  2chairs  public debate letting individuals chance debate ideas movement. participateare silent march philly tomorrow?i didn realize phrase "this lawful warning" blanket excuse committing brutality.  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  owsrtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?the york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtwhat america president silent human & constitutional rights tread on?  occupy  ows  usdorrtnovember election cost nyc $17 million | york daily newswhere seeing "on screen time"?at people learning rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viabud  shocked oakland police riot gear ran  takewallstreet folksrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtremember 5th november   occupyoakland  occupywallstreet  occupyboston  occupymaine  occupyatlanta  occupybaltimore  occupyseattle  rtwhat makes shot someone? "wanted questioning regards shooting 10/27r&b star joe own string theory troubled york youth
rtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtrtrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. rtvideo fromshowing tear gas canisters exploding crowd  /rtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  ows
rtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsyes  tesco wonderful ethical institution aren they?  dalefarmexposing despicable  evil unethical koch brothers’ polluted responseevil  unethical denver police fire mace peaceful denver protesters  20 arrestedtwenty peaceful occupy denver protesters arrested clash w/evil unethical denver policeevil unethical denver police rubber bullets pepper spray peaceful demonstratorstensions erupt denver protesters pepper sprayed evil unethical denver policepeaceful denver protesters dodge pepper spray rubber evil unethical denver policertdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owshow america lost moral ethical compass       takewallstreet  globalchange  15oct  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtheads australia >> rtethical.standards.vic.gov.au  occupymelbournertdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  ows
rtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtinside tip cops sending convicts zuccotti  ows  protest  occupycltprotesters arrested.police friend station admits cops sending homeless disrupt protesters.  ows  usdoroccupy nypd sending drunks discredit group? | veracity stewrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall streetrtnypd reportedly sending drunks & criminals  occupywallstreet  ows  destroy  occupy movement   youtubertask michael  tell terrible move (i did).  ows broadly supported   backlashsee  featured comment  zapfino mtis nypd sending drunk homeless ppl 2  occupywallstreet?   owsowssending warmth cheer snowy october daynypd nypd sending drunk homeless people occupy wall street?rtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsis nypd sending drunk homeless people occupy wall street?   occupywallstreet  nyto  ows  stay strong. sending positive vibes.  stay strong  occupywallstreetrtask michael  tell terrible move (i did).  ows broadly supported   backlashrtsending solidarity tweet  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows cover hands ears wear extra socks prevent heat loss luvrtsee  featured comment  zapfino mtis nypd sending drunk homeless ppl 2  occupywallstreet?   owsand pin head  "you reap lash. tired lazy  uneducated holes. squattingrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtis nypd sending drunk homeless people  occupywallstreet?  (via)  ows
rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtheads nyc >> rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtsome contention brewing  peopleskitchen. time 4 pizza reinforcements  ccows  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtsome contention brewing  peopleskitchen. time 4 pizza reinforcements  ccows  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchen“let antonio fromgive tour  peopleskitchen (cont)rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtsome contention brewing  peopleskitchen. time 4 pizza reinforcements  ccows  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtsome contention brewing  peopleskitchen. time 4 pizza reinforcements  ccows  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtsome contention brewing  peopleskitchen. time 4 pizza reinforcements  ccows  needsoftheoccupierssome contention brewing  peopleskitchen. time 4 pizza reinforcements  ccows  needsoftheoccupierslet antonio fromgive tour  peopleskitchen medical/comfort station   ows  solidaritytourrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtheads nyc >> rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchen
rtbrooklyn ffs honored congregation yetev lev satmar saving torahs synagogue firertmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtbahrain protesters withdrawing savings gov supported banks pressure apply reformsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtbrooklyn ffs honored congregation yetev lev satmar saving torahs synagogue fire  fdnythey saving money create   jobs...rtrtjust closed transferred checking  savings  cds  bofa &  wf ...rtfiremen holdingnewspaper cover saving torahs satmar shul. picsrttheholdingnewspaper cover saving siefer torah satmar shul. photortjust closed transferred checking  savings  cds  bofa &  wf credit union.  ows  theworldiswatching  usdorrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsbrooklyn ffs honored congregation yetev lev satmar saving torahs synagogue fire   fdnyrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtif lawmakers cost savings  look pentagon hands medicare social security  ows  usdorrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtif lawmakers cost savings  look pentagon hands medicare social security  ows  usdorprecisely. rtsaving capitalism capitalists   ows ccrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsbrooklyn firefighters honored congregation yetev lev satmar saving torahs synagogue fire  via
rtanswering judge richard goldstone’soped denying israeli apartheid |goldstone israel "apartheid state"israel apartheid slanderisrael apartheid slanderisrael apartheid slanderrtrichard goldstone lazyoped ignores arguments israel apartheid state.rtgoldstone denies israel apartheid  ignores zionism  jewish  settlements  refugees & checkpoints.goldstone  time...    israel apartheid slanderperhapsmight seek rebuttal goldstone human sciences research council south africa   apartheidjustice goldstone repentance continues... israel apartheid slandersouth african judge richard goldstone (yes  goldstone) writes inabout israel apartheid slanderrtanswering judge richard goldstone’soped denying israeli apartheid |rtyes   richardgoldstone embarrasses denying  apartheid  palestinertperhapsmight seek rebuttal goldstone human sciences research council south africa   apartheidrt /via congressman difference apartheid dies. wish  riprtex congressman howard wolpe  pushed anti apartheid act  dies 71rtgoldstone apartheid israel.   counter argument sa lawyer.edl rtows taking israeli apartheid anti semitic  self defense. trainin… (cont)is  israeli apartheid?  apartheid  edl  racism  ukuncut  bds   tco   palestine <  unescortwhat  goldstone mention hisop ed? nakba &  israel land regime   apartheid  palestinertyes   richardgoldstone embarrasses denying  apartheid  palestine
veterans & disabled wheelchair bound arrested  occupyorlando   owsrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtterrifying video  occupyoakland wheelchair bound individual hit explosionrtrtterrifying video  occupyoakland wheelchair bound individual hit explosionrtrtterrifying video  occupyoakland wheelchair bound individual hit explosionrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtwoman wheelchair tear gassed pd  viapolicebrutality  occupyoaklandrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorcontinues repeat absurd & insulting reasons  taxis wheelchair accessiblertthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdor
rtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades ap...rtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades a...rtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  ows
rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.
gop  tcot visit zuccotti park w/ giant tv vans playing  firingline redirect  occupywallstreet. kid  gop  teaparty bad  owsrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver pd firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtthey ll transfer money specific banks helped regime 7mths firing jobs  etc int banksrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rt

does nypd frisk hot guys?rtrtnypd stop frisk tactics protested harlem   ows  occupyharlem  occupywallstreet h/trtows  occupy  peace  legalizeit  99percent  winning  namaste  stopandfrisk  nypd  warbad   globalrevolution  nokxl  nov5  moveyourmoneyrtsaw cops pull cop protestor  ows  solidarity march  occupyoakand.  nypd  99percent?cornelwest arrested protesting ‘stop frisk’ york city  nypd   ows  usdor  occupytogetherrt92% stopped  frisked bronx black hispaniccornell west front  nypd anti stop & frisk... twitpic  viaows  usdor  nypd  policert1  c2p pipeline "92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsoccupywallstreet 30 arrested  stop frisk  protest harlemrtofficials call federal probe nypd stop frisk policy racist cop arrest.rtcornel west arrested protest nypd stop frisk tacticsrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsnypd stop frisk tactics protested harlem cornel west bagged arrest week  th...rtcornel west arrested protest nypd stop frisk tacticsrtofficials call federal probe nypd stop frisk policy racist cop arrest.rt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrtnypd stop frisk tactics protested harlem   ows  occupyharlem  occupywallstreet h/tway source thanno? rt92% stopped  frisked bronx black hispanicits hipsters majority ows robbed central brooklyn. stopfriskrt yorkers protest  nypd “stop frisk” program  target african americans  latinos.   nycnypd stop frisk policy demands federal probe race based ineffective |  | thank you
rtqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadrtqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadrtqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadqaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captivated arab world  ...qaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captivated arab world  ...gaddafi ’s bloody difficulties ahead   libya. viaqaddafi bloody difficulties aheadtop news qaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadqaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captivated arab world  ...qaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadqaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captivated arab world  ...news qaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captivated t...   nytimesrtqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadrtqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadqaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captivated arab world  ...rtqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadnyc transit customer service 511 experiencing technical difficulties. travel info please visit mta.info call 718 330 1234qaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captiva...qaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captiv...
rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?>>> i"m starting gwenus cop? mod? plant?<<<  occupywallstreet  nyc  viartrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?lol rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?   anonyopsrtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?“rank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?
"important:please  occupyoakland:mayor jean quan trouble riot   ows  usdor   californiart1st demand  occupymust resign immediately.  occupyoaklandows  99percent  usdor  usrevolution  revolution  p2rt1st demand  99percentmust resign immediately.  ows  occupy  occupyoaklandusdor  usrevolution  revolutionrtokay  confused point.  quan  occupyoakland saying glad park ...really. wtf? justice peace.  occupyoaklanddenounce oakland police actions  occupyoakland  tell mayor  quan    ows  p2  usdorquan comingmichael moore mayor jean quan resign  tells doesn support obama  occupyoakland   ows  usdorrtoakland resident appeals mayor jean quan apologize occupy oakland try build peace   occupywallstreet  owsput  coach  getting quantitative game fantasy football tuck played games this...rtimportant please read & document petition recall  oakland mayor jean quan   ows  usdorrtrtrtmayor jean quan office 510 238 3141 oakland pd emergency 510 77… (cont)j aime => rtquand la politique devient graphique  quand le  design rejoint  occupywallstreet =>   datavizmarketing quantitativertbreaking news mayor quan endorses  occupyoakland  generalstrike  ows  occupyrtupdate told mayor quan letter fake.  ows  occupyoaklandrtrtgot priorities straight  occupyoakland. spend money overtime cops  5 schools be...rtrtmayor jean quan office 510 238 3141 oakland pd emergency 510 777 3333 call the… (cont)rtrtmayor jean quan office 510 238 3141 oakland pd emergency 510 777 3333 call the… (cont)rtrtrtmayor quan tweeted letting  occupyoakland og parkrtheads oakland  ca >> rtmayor jean quan office 510 238 3141 oakland pd emergency 510 777 3333 call them
rtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso suing protesters bc oakland  ffs  coma bc pd protester violence  occupyoakland owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsbreaking news  occupyoakland  scottolsen medically induced coma due fractured skull swollen brain.rtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owstrial east village parking spat woman coma york (cbsnewyork/ap) — wom...
rtrtaccording  nypd scanner 300 protesters @ union square park. paddy wagons ccrtstudy rich lot richer  outpace middle class   occupywallstreet500  bow   raiders  yojaysisfake  concords  occupywallst  guccirtcongress remiss constitutional duty  gathered apps re article single public record   usdorrtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.october2011 movement closes citibank 2  protest record profits t...   ows  occupydc  stopthemach2011  usdorrtrtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord...bioshock infinite drawing inspiration  occupywallstreet  according ken levine. current cerebralthe rail goldikova position add record mile breeders  cup  somewhat obscure...rtnone nypd officers attended yesterday pro ticket fixing rally speak record press.   owsrtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtlist urgent donate page (with address)   needsoftheoccupiersyou ll believe it...found clean & cordial  ows kids 2talk to.    miracleshappen  occupywallstreetrtlist urgent donate page (with address)   needsoftheoccupiersaccording aclu film cop.with 57 deals  google hits m&a recordwintery mix dumps record snow york  leaves thousands power  trick treat   yorkers...wintery mix dumps record snow york  leaves thousands power  trick treat   yorkers...wintry mix dumps record snow york rare october snowstorm socked east coast saturday  setting sno...idol  lee dewyze dropped rca records
rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtreally cold  help occupiers stay warm  needsoftheoccupiers food sleeping bags warmers gas appreciated :)  occupydc  occupydenver  owsgreen vegetables  broccoli bok choy  shown help boost ... re constantly fighting colds  ...marine vet scolds/puts  nypd place(amzng vid )now w/olbermann interview    owsrtneed blankets  tarps  blankets badly. getting dangerously cold  needsoftheoccupiersrtidk  maybe colder  +rturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortwe love zero degree sleeping bags cold nights ahead. thanks   needsoftheoccupiersif guys cold  subways heat. blessing alik occupiers peace .solidarityrtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.rtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owscan sleep cold  wet  windy night park.ows  occupywallstreet  occupyrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe love zero degree sleeping bags cold nights ahead. thanks   needsoftheoccupiersrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldorturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersis solar power feasible? getting cold/cloudy?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldo

rtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtlaw enforcement attempting infiltrate  occupy movement expect doxed.   p2  gop  ows  govt  jobs  tcot  usdor  vpn  antisecrtlaw enforcement attempting infiltrate  occupy movement expect doxed.   p2  gop  ows  govt  jobs  tcot  usdor  vpn  antisecrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtgoogle receive request  lawenforcement remove yt videos  policebrutality."   occupyoakland  ows  usdorrt "us law enforcement tried videos removed youtube |    usdor  ows"rtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtrtlaw enforcement google remove vids police brutalityrtrtif background info alleged  dhs edict local law enforcement  occupy camps  plz tweet.rtoccupywallstreet   anonymous hackers publish law enforcement data ~ thn  hacker news   security  infosecrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  ows
rtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtfather killed son unloading gun. self protection destructive arkansas father. acc...the battalion105 daily   ? top stories viai know.  arkansas smell stench grade dumbass here.  occupy isn jokewhy hello  arkansas  looking sexy.  occupiers here? start 1  merrier. hi.  owsrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierdear evil obstructionist koch brothers guest arkansas? « speakeasydiy  gardening ny rangers  henrik lundqvist  brad richards react 4 2 loss toronto m...   kansascity  tip  kcrtand  toto  don kansas   ows  occupymelbourne (cc)rtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupiernow occupying president clinton library  arkansas greed & inequality toleratedrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrthorror discovered arkansas   bait dog nightmare  ppl struggling us
nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...rtpiers morgan scolds herman cain  agree ron paul     occupywallstreet
rtrtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsreal americans. love this.  rtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtall eyes east bay rtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtreal americans. love this.  rtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtrtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtrtrtmayor bloomberg dinner super committee cut fed spending.   owsrtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtrtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtrtmayor bloomberg dinner super committee cut fed spending.   owsrtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtrtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtreal americans. love this.  rtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtows rlive  mayor bloomberg dinner super committee cut federal spending. occupynyc.livestream.comcool  rtall eyes east bay rtwants send $20k 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtrtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtows rlive  mayor bloomberg dinner super committee cut federal spending. occupynyc.livestream.comrtrtrtmayor bloomberg dinner super committee cut fed spending.   owsrtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtreal americans. love this.  rtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  ows
rtyanks   all. rtdavid ortiz ‘never said’ i’d sign yankeesrtyanks   all. rtdavid ortiz ‘never said’ i’d sign yankeesronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...
fed police arrests terry schrunk plaza  occupyportland protestors refuse leave   ows  occupywallstreetwatching  occupyportland official ~ 2 minutes  portlandpd arrest  protesters   ows  occupydenver  usdorriot police  mounted cops rush  occupyportland     ows  occupytogether  stopthemach2011  policestateamerika  usdoroccupyportland official live stream   reports police dawning gas masks   ows   occupywallstreetoccupyportland official live stream   reports police moving   ows  occupywallstreethow nice create "wall honor" us. sweet.awkward moment isn it?   bahrain  usa  ows  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyportlandtheydontgetit rtterrible idea police fb post name/age/photo citizens arrestedyes canyes  occupy.everywhereoccupy manifesto  raging humanism  p2 protester  occupytogether  ourwallstreet  occupyportland  occupyprescottrtrtrtpolice brutality  occupyportlandrtjust finished adding 20 cities   occupysandiego  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  occupysf  occupyportlandows mtmust usaf "airman year" drops science portland re sons arrestrtlast tweet usaf comment comes portland police fbows mtare tumblr? please reblog stratosphere   occupyportlandows mtare tumblr? please reblog stratosphere   occupyportlandoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  p2  protester  occupytogether  ourwallstreet  occupyportlandthe nashville arrestees published newspaper.rtrtalmost positive illegal  opd rtpolice post info onarrestees   owsi welcome entire world stoodrtrtalmost positive illegal  opd rtpolice post info onarrestees   ows
rturgent nyc  nypd critical response vehicle team heading union square park.ows  occupytogether  occupyrturgent nyc  nypd critical response vehicle team heading union square park.ows  occupytogether  occupystaten island cary ave & taylor st pedestrian struck  aided serious condition. striking vehicle fled robbery.  nypd  ems o/s.manhattan   3 st & 6 ave  nypd officer scooter struck vehicle. requesting  ems.  nyc  breaking  struck  esustaten island cary ave & taylor st pedestrian struck  aided serious condition. striking vehicle fled robbery. nypd hwy enrouthbronx   mva involving nypd vehicle bronx river pkwy (south bound) 177 st. unknown extent injuries officers. esu scene krturgent nyc  nypd critical response vehicle team heading union square park.ows  occupytogether  occupyrturgent nyc  nypd critical response vehicle team heading union square park.ows  occupytogether  occupyrturgent nyc  nypd critical response vehicle team heading union square park.ows  occupytogether  occupyrtstaten island cary ave & taylor st pedestrian struck  aided serious condition. striking vehicle fled robbery. nypd hwy enroutebronx   mva involving  nypd vehicle bronx river pkwy (south bound) 177 st. unknown extent injuries officers. (d1)bronx *u/d nypd involved mva* bronx river pkwy 177 st.  nypd  esu scene advising officers vehicle.  ems evaluatingstaten island cary ave & taylor st pedestrian struck  aided serious condition. striking vehicle fled robbery.  nypd  ems o/s.york auto accident lawyer perecman firm reviews newly released nypd motor vehicle accident reportnew york auto accident lawyer perecman firm reviews newly released nypd motor vehicle accident reportsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...rtpolice vehicles north bound 6th. marching  south past houston.  owsnew york auto accident lawyer perecman firm reviews newly released nypd motor vehicle accident reportnew york auto accident lawyer perecman firm reviews newly released nypd motor vehicle accident reportrthope ok. via"manhattan 11 ave & 44 st. cyclist struck vehicle. aided serious condition. nypd hwy enroute..."rtbronx bruckner expy s/b & hutchinson river multiple vehicle mva numerous patients  3 ejected river  1 doa.
or demoralized wall st please watch &  wall street path economic destructionrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades ap...rtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades a...rtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  ows
“torch cams offer rare view lady libertyrtlivingsocial offers zuccotti park getaway.  plenty dissidence  park atmosphere  nice crowd  plenty security.bats offer sabathia yankees close completing contract proposal c.c. ...rtncaa approve giving additional cash student athletes. schools offer athletes spending money?dr. krugman offers  rightly truththailand offers bounty capture crocodiles bangkok braces major flooding  residents trying ...the masters offer empty cup chalice.  10/28 augurs world.  11/1swanky spa offers 20 hand couples massage $2000   york daily newsrtrtbreaking  anonymous offers $1 000 name officer threw flashbang grenade ...omg gorgeous nypd police offers  heart stopped. naked ring finger  ohyoufancyhuh?bargain hunters  hold click flash sale sites offer online buy.rtart bouquet offerings test uncertain watersthailand offers bounty capture crocodilesrtrtbreaking  anonymous offers $1 000 name officer threw flashbang grenade ...bats offer sabathia yankees close completing contract proposal c.c. ...rtrtbreaking  anonymous offers $1 000 name officer threw flashbang grenade ...art bouquet offerings test uncertain waters   nyt  nytimes  newsrtoccupy wall st. protesters  rights hands legal minds step offer support   opcashback  owsbargain hunters  hold click flash sale sites offer online buy.offer $1 million reward laptop  prepared pay finder  read carbolic smoke ball case.bargain hunters  hold click flash sale sites offer online buy.
rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.same sex marriage blacks  addressing  diversity divide.  lgbt  multidimensional  identityrti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.the poets daily   ? top stories viawe ve better...   sex marriage blacksrtthe poets daily   ? top stories viarti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rtsame sex marriage blacks complicated relationship    frank bruni  nytrtto parlance times "lacks balls."  cantor  cancels  wharton  weare99same sex marriage blackssame sex marriage blacksrti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rtsame sex marriage blacksrtsame sex marriage blacksare expected discriminate discriminated against? sex marriage blacksrti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.i ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.
rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan next?rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan hidden?rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaks????what year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaks2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan hidden?rt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan next?rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan next?rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaks
rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtit time democrats embrace  occupywallstreet movement openly. ll hard explain silence year.rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksunder mayor bloomberg control  nyc test tampering allegations risen 7% 2009 2010 year.rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaks...next year...something...anything? bloomberg hands apples celebrate food day  viartwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksf ing bastards   city pissed planned occupy convention planned year.britney spears earned $64 million year.   occupywallstreet  owsmilley cyrus earned $ 48 million year.   occupywallstreet  owsit easy guess tx congressman missed votes year. guess hasn missed yet?????what year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtobama announces total iraq troop withdrawal year.    usdorrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileakswhere heard before? rtobama announces total iraq troop withdrawal year.    usdorrtobama announces total iraq troop withdrawal year.    usdorit time democrats embrace  occupywallstreet movement openly. ll hard explain silence year.rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileakswe boycott business black friday year. support local businesses.
“torch cams masses views lady liberty“torch cams offer rare view lady libertymovie review |  anonymous  ‘anonymous ’ roland emmerich   review   newyorktimesthis  occupywallstreet fail unemployable allowed doing media interviews instead unemployedrtoccupyoakland lots police cars approaching aerial viewmarine vet scolds/puts  nypd place(amzng vid )now w/olbermann interview    owskolbermann interview roommate critically injured  occupyoakland protestor  scottolson   ows  occupytogether  usdorthe united change view  pakistanrtuniversity hawaii astronomers capture direct image planet born   york daily newsmovie review |  anonymous  ‘anonymous ’ roland emmerich   review premise “anonymous ” plays...rtuniversity hawaii astronomers capture direct image planet born   york daily newsrtjets pr staffer tells darrelle revis hang mike francesa heated wfan interview   nyjdoes involvement dhs mean gov views  occupywallstreet terrorist threat?rum diary  review johnny depp finally plays person substance ...where real yorkers bad news rtsnow alert effect city winter previewart review sanford biggers’s art borough exhibitionand lots ones see. armchair commentators  lot them. sadly foul views  occupylsx  dalefarmtrain paris   album worth  coming home   <     review 10 months late lolrtcity liu hires robert abrams review campaign financesrtcan purchase pre paid cell phone cracker interviews media?  osj  needsoftheoccupiersrtwlcentral 2011 04 02  interview brandon neely  former guantanamo prison gu...   sept17  revolution
closer joe nathan playing ny metscloser joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...rtrtpower blessing  except protect innocent.  jonathan swiftcloser joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...nathan schneider blogging occupy wall street   ows  sep17  usdor  p2brooklyn mother 12 mourned  hailed hero police commish ray kelly ... clare trapasso jonathan...closer joe nathan playing ny mets dedication ceremony stony b...likes nyt op ed mississippi  personhood  amendment    (by glenn cohen & jonathan will)closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...brooklyn  realestate market heatsrtpower blessing  except protect innocent.  jonathan swiftcloser joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...brooklyn mother 12 mourned  hailed hero police commish ray kelly ... clare trapasso jonathan...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...the target protestors wing hysteria thatcaptured. fox/cnn nutscloser joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...
rtalso   occupywallstreet /  ows lunatic told waited black guy pres. start protesting. racists.occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakoccupywallstreet protesters flock 2 health clinics std/hiv testing getting freak  <~infested zuccottirtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakcornelwest arrested protesting ‘stop frisk’ york city  nypd   ows  usdor  occupytogetherrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakzuccotti park neighbors angry  ows drumming. protesting 1  disturbing local community another.rtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtif  occupywallstreet /  ows folks mad unemployment  protesting 1600 pennsylvania ave dc.  p2rtrtrti  standwithoakland am protesting police america into.  ows  usdor"occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtfilip bondy hgh testing delay  nfl players  union coming self delusional obstructionist  viartoccupywallstreet pope jesus protesting   sept17  occupyseattle  usdor  p2rtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtif  occupywallstreet /  ows folks mad unemployment  protesting 1600 pennsylvania ave dc.  p2lolzoff duty nypd protesting colleagues  corruption charges.....obviouslyoff duty nypd protesting colleagues  corruption charges obviously destroy capitalism  smoke crack  hate jews  handoutsoccupyberlin takes streets singing protesting live   ows  occupy  99percentdear  occupywallstreet  re sitting butts protesting  money paying school debt. realrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freak
cc staying bronx  agrees 5 yr  $122 million dealtough economy rtcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122m deal  decides opt free agency.rtcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  decides opt free agency ..rtcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  decides opt free agency ..cc staying bronx  agrees 5 yr  $122 million deal yankees’ ace staying put. cc sabathia agreed mond...praise jesus. rtcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  (cont)cc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122 million deal  decides ... “i didn ...rtcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  decides opt free agency ..rtcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  decides opt free agency ..nba cc staying bronx  agrees 5 yr  $122 million deal yankees’ ace staying put. cc sabathia ...   netsrtcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  decides opt free agency ..cc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  decides opt free agency ..rtcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  decides opt free agency ..cc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  decides opt free agency ..ny sports cc staying bronx  agrees 5 yr  $122 million deal yankees’ ace staying put. cc sabathia a...cc staying bronx  agrees 5 yr  $122 million dealcc staying bronx  yanks  ace agrees 5  $122 million deal.[was doubt?] cc staying bronx  agrees 5 yr  $122 million dealcc staying bronx  agrees 5 yr  $122 million dealcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122 million deal  decides ... “i didn ...cc staying bronx  agrees 5 yr  $122 million deal
rtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaows
rtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupierswe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupierssupply economics... overcoming evil key america again.         supply...
cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime   newyorktimescardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...news cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime ...   nytimescardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...rtcardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) cardinals outlast rangers force game 7cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...rtcardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) cardinals outlast rangers force game 7cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) cardinals outlast rangers force game 7rtcardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) cardinals outlast rangers force game 7cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime ...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime men...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) cardinals outlast rangers force game 7 forth game 6  the...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetimecardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime men...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  thrilling game lives  [ny times global]cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  thrilling game lives  [ny times baseball]cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime with...   teamfollowback
closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...“the bottom line police policng  governor & mayor.”for obama  vindication approach war “the cost $1 billion ” micah…iran power struggle goes beyond personalities future presidency “the…closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...mtvia“the bottom line police policing  governor+not mayor.”  ows  albanypolicethankyourt“the read  know. learn  ll go.”  occupydrseusscloser joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w....   “the elizabeth warren shit beginning pile up.”  santana  commisioner  oakland police department  october 25  2011closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...
two duty nypd officers separate  dwi arrests   ny daily newsfantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...california girls joined chest separated   angelina angelica sabuco othe...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...rtbedstuy duty nypd officers separate dwi arrests   york daily newstwo dutyofficers separate  dwi arrestsfantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...single sex schools separate equal?   debaterttwo duty nypd officers separate  dwi arrests  hitechcjfantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...rtyou separate peace freedom peace unless freedom. malcolm  occupywallstreetfantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...conjoined 2 girls set separated procedure stanford ...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...rtrtare single sex schools separate equal?room debate    edchatum  confused two. aware distinctly separate.weak framing goldberg part. vast majority (i think)  occupy movement separate  obama :)two duty nypd officers separate  dwi arrests 
rtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsmore proof asshattery  occupywallstreet resident complains night drumming  & response "get earplugs."rtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsgood journalism re  fox rtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtlive vid south broadway.. chants "get bull " protesters suits. unfolding..  owsare guys following starts south broadway.. chants "get bull " protesters"get  windows  stick head yell  mad hell anymore    ows  occupyrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtflouting? woman? rtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  ows  maddow  tffs  countdown  p2yelling "get fuck pig" nonviolence.  usdayofrage video shot. cops crowd meet  occupyoaklandis sending  scottolsen "get well" tablet thanks true patriotismrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtflouting? woman? rtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  ows
many rounds tear gas thrownoakland    occupyoakland  ows  stopthemach2011  usdor  policestateamerikaoakland police fire teargas  occupywallstreet  protesters   video   occupyoakland  ows  usdor  policestateamerikahappening  ows flanked police presence   occupytogether  occupyamerica  policestateamerika  usdorriot police  mounted cops rush  occupyportland     ows  occupytogether  stopthemach2011  policestateamerika  usdorrth/t tonews insight specifics re  policestate. link  dhs  fus...rtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorthose protesters called  lethal     freedomfailure  policestate //non lethal weapon oxymoron  owsrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdordo support  occupywallst movement?  redstate  bluestate  ows  occupy yes  |   yntrtthe real estate board () main  (212) 532 3100. call & tell 2 pressure city 2 close parks.  ows  311  nycrtnypd arrest & brutalize protesters marching  solidarity  occupyoakland     ows  policestate  usdor  p2despite propaganda contrary (politico  et al)  ny real estate board spoke favor  occupywallstreetrtnypd arrest & brutalize protesters marching  solidarity  occupyoakland     ows  policestate  usdor  p2rtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorfatima mojadiddy ( occupyoakland protester) ontonight 8pm est.  ows  usdor  policestatertrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdorbrooklyn  realestate market heatsrtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdor
rt ows roughed nypd  support movement americans  ows  occupywallstreet  (video)ows roughed nypd  support movement americans   99%rtshinee   yo  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionrtrt ows roughed nypd  support movement americans  ows  occupywallstreet  (video)rt @/rushyortshinee   yo  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspe...super junior   miracle  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionb1a4   chu chu chu  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionshinee   y.o.u  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionft island   birds  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionshinee   jojo  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectiondbsk   mirotic  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionss501   love  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionsecret   madonna  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionteen top   roman  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionbeast    occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionbigbang   tonight  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionshinee   obsession  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionkara   love fire  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionb1a4   o.k  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionshinee   replay  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionsuper junior    occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspection
occupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protestersoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters zoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters xoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  ioccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  xoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  coccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  noccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  koccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  ioccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  yoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  :occupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  u
afl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs via    ...rtafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs  tcot  lur  unions  1urtcommunist  nazi parties endorse ‘occupy’ protests  viaows  occupywallstreet  nazi  communist 19rtafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs  tcot  lur  unions  1ucommunist anti war poster 1981   codepink  ows  o15  p2  p21  usdor  tcot  teaparty  ocra  sgpcommunist society  banned religion  destroyed churches killed priests.  ows  tcot  teaparty  p2  p21  usdor  occupyzuccotti  o15rtnypd arrests ows organizer debra sweet; communist. organizer theory.rtessential read china communist party crackdowns tv twitter microblogs.agc afl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobsafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama  jobsrtcommunist  nazi parties endorse ‘occupy’ protests  viaows  occupywallstreet  nazi  communist 2china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...rtviaafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs   tcot  rsafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobschina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limit...   infodtn usa china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing li...rtafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs   tcot  rschina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...it absolutely surprise  occupywallstreet funded communist wall st. billionaire george soros.   occupylsxchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...
rtrtrttwitter report oakland teacher union unanimously votes endorse nov 2nd  generalstrike...occupy manifesto  raging humanism  generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly   anonymous  ireportunderstanding strike  generalstrike  nov2 & global scope. pls confirmrtrtwitter report oakland teacher union unanimously votes endorse nov 2nd  generalstrike  occupyoakland  occupy  ows"key component  nov2  generalstrike buy nothing. consumption production.owsnov2 rtbe realistic  demand impossible   ows  generalstrikertmy heart hurts oakland.   occupyoakland  occupywallstreet. dad support nov 2nd.  generalstrikertkey component  nov2  generalstrike buy nothing. consumption production.owsoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly  ireportoccupy manifesto  raging humanism  generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly   anonymous  ireportrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly  ireportrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism? generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly  ireportrtbreaking news mayor quan endorses  occupyoakland  generalstrike  ows  occupyleaflet truckstops petition port authority labor. urge blockade freight  nov2  generalstrike   owsrtrtrumors circulate massive "sick in" planned  nov. 2nd solidarity   occupyoakland &  generalstrike  owsrtshut oakland  shut 1%    generalstrike  takewallstreet  occupyoakland  occupywallstreet  ooplease rtgeneralstrike black friday? ;)  owsrt re totally  generalstrike   ows  occupyns  halifaxrtvery please  oakland epicenter  occupy movement   ows  usdor  generalstrikertoccupyoakland vid arizona   oo  usgeneralstrike  ows  occupywallst  occupysf  occupyslc  opwallstreet  jackalanonrtgeneralstrike black friday? ;)  ows
[edunews] learning network blog oct. 28  1886 | statue liberty unveiledhotel wi fi networks buckling weight ipads tablets. fix that.  technicallysoundrtfollowheads  ows nation   ready    occupytogether  usuncut  nycga  opesrthe network global corporate control   ows  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherrtthe network global corporate control (pdf)   usdorrt"the network global corporate control (pdf)   usdor"rtbeltway patronage network. corrupt inefficient institution. preys resources & spirits citizens.  usdordeepak chopra meditation  occupywallstreet   skyrssnetworkrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtis occupy city endorsing nov 2 strike?~pmrtfollow allcbs news sends steve hartman  road  network news division ...divorce lawyers’ friend social networksspecial section fine arts social networking arts professionalsrtis occupy city endorsing nov 2 strike?~pmenabling urban sustainability; please share networkrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtis occupy city endorsing nov 2 strike?~pmrtadam levine  fox news launch twitter war maroon 5 singer network play music ..rtfollow all
republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... cain  former ceo godfat...herman cain  gop presidential hopeful homosexuality gay  sin ...   york daily newsrepublican candidates slam iraq withdrawl republican presidential candidates quick slam president a...ows presidential candidate pick 2012?  occupy  occupywallst  occupyoakland  occupycleveland  occupybostonherman cain  gop presidential hopeful homosexuality gay  sin ...   york daily newsherman cain  gop presidential hopeful homosexuality gay  sin ...   york daily newsherman cain  gop presidential hopeful homosexuality gay  sin ...   york daily newsrepublican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...herman cain  presidential hopeful  defends smoking ad mark block  chief ... national review jim gerag...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... obama cain ...herman cain  gop presidential hopeful homosexuality gay  sin ...   york daily newsrepublican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...rtshorter version news republican presidential candidates slam obama. doesn matter what.herman cain  gop presidential hopeful homosexuality gay  sin ...   york daily newsherman cain  gop presidential hopeful homosexuality gay  sin ...   york daily newsherman cain  presidential hopeful  defends smoking ad mark block  chief ... national review jim gerag...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...joe  nocera missed  ugliness d.c. roots  nixon  presidential  campaign w/  malignancy.herman cain  gop presidential hopeful homosexuality gay  sin ...   york daily newsrepublican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...
rtwhat millionairs saying doing   suggest articles help research   occupywallstreet   99percentrtshare news stories  occupywallstreet     99percent share friendsrti am curating list blog sites dedicated  occupywallstreet   add list     99percent share thisrtdo facebook page dedicated  occupywallstreet   add list   99percent rtrtoccupywallstreet build arguments based credible research   suggest links page   99percentrtdo facebook page dedicated  occupywallstreet   add list   99percent rtrtthere hole bucketrtthere hole bucketrtthere hole bucket  >there hole  lack resolve  germanyrtthere hole bucketthere hole bucketrtthere hole bucketpaul krugman tells si  fix europe. hole bucketpaul krugman    hole bucket europe goes circles.rtthere hole bucketthe  ignore deficits build growth.krugman hole bucketrtthere hole bucketrtthere hole bucketrtthere hole bucketthere hole bucketrtthere hole bucket
ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...jersey shore  stars ronnie sammi splitronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...
rtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersresults beat expectations ericsson nokia nokia gains basic phones partly overshadowed continuin...rtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtforecast becoming partly cloudy. chilly start halloween. 53. tonight cloudy. cool. near 50 evening. low 46.rtextended tuesday breezy. cool. shower possible. partly cloudy. 55. wed thu sunny. near 60. fri partly cloudy.rtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiers
rtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupy
rtrtrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrt"general strike" trending worldwide. briefly trending  gone.  occupyoakland.rtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtoccupyoakland helicopter drowns people mic  grow louder. "now time strike"  owsrtrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorr"rtgreece parliament final approval  austerity bill.  occupyparliament  generalstrike""general strike" trending worldwide. briefly trending  gone.  occupyoakland."general strike" trending worldwide twitter. matter  trending san francisco. 1.30am oct 27.
rtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtnot genentech art levinson convince steve jobs traditional cancer treatment route. nytrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupybrookfield protesters apparently nypd convinced tortparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupy
rtrtassange extradition judgement delivered wed 2 november 2011   wikileaksrtrtows extraordinary articulation collective grief  bewilderment  betrayal  thank enough.  usdorrtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.read how& business benefit  travel perks business extraa programrtwe shirts (mediums  larges  extra larges)  socks  boxers  blankets  sweatpants  tanktops  hoodies.  needsoftheoccupiersrtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.rtrtows extraordinary articulation collective grief  bewilderment  betrayal  thank enough.  usdorrtwe shirts (mediums  larges  extra larges)  socks  boxers  blankets  sweatpants  tanktops  hoodies.  needsoftheoccupiersgreat via nytimes  >> unpaid  extra shadow  rtjobswhat extra lights shit nypd top ...bitch don care comingrtsending solidarity tweet  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows cover hands ears wear extra socks prevent heat loss luvextra extra read aboutlive4  ilovetuesday“its getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.”rtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.rtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.what industry    worth 30m yanks tho  rtsabathia stay yankees extra $30mrtrtextra nypd officers called 4th st macdougal st. crowds gathering.  owsrt"frank castle éum detetive ascendente de nypd que faz hora extra como um vigilante  buscando justiça onde os tribunais falharam".rtassange extradition judgement delivered wed 2 november 2011   wikileaksrtows extraordinary articulation collective grief  bewilderment  betrayal  thank enough.  usdorrtwe shirts (mediums  larges  extra larges)  socks  boxers  blankets  sweatpants  tanktops  hoodies.  needsoftheoccupiers

rtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting.. // idiocracy  p2rtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows”yes  rtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching (cont)rtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows
rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"
glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories  read viaglory faded neck roll; memoriesglory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...corzine timeline glory goldman mf global bankruptcy  ran wall street’s powerful inve...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...
rtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  ows
suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan   newyorktimesrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanthe united change view  pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6  pakistanu.s. drone kills key al qaeda ally pakistan american drone strikes hours apart destroyed hideout ta...rtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistansuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistannews suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistana drone strike north west pakistan killed top commanders   drone = xbox livehaqqani militants act pakistan’s protected partners  hillary right. friends ours.suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...rtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanawesome    congratulations     hit pakistan ;)  ows  occupypakistansuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan   nyt  nytimes  newsdtn usa suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehi...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...rtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistantop u.s. officials deliver blunt warning pakistan
rtoccupywallstreet corporate cronyism government. "taking freebies". dear 53%  99%.  owshi. share level cruelty bahraini government.  brtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades ap...rtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades a...rtpeople america watch celebrities closely watch own government.  embarrassing priorities....   p2  ows  occupywallstrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtpeople america watch celebrities closely watch own government.  embarrassing priorities....   p2  ows  occupywallst"these protesters anarchy  tea party government."  occupywallstreet  snlrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtget corporate money government.  occupywallstreetrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsyouknowwhatihatethemost? hippocratic government.  congress  caring election time. don worry  voting.rtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsoccupywallstreet corporate cronyism government. "taking freebies". dear 53%  99%.  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrta patriot ready defend country government. edward abbey  occupywallstreet
rtprops 2  nypd 4 nudge 2 green ;) rtw/ gas powered generators confiscated   ows 2 bicycle power.rtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstre nypd fdny confiscated generators & fuel containers protesters  g. hurts doesn  i...rtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.   occupywallstreet  occupyrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.   occupywallstreet  occupyrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstdid read genius move blooberg pulled? nypd confiscated heat source surprise inspection. lol loveiti sneaky suspicion nypd confiscated power generators morning knowing extreme cold/snow comingrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstwell yes tsa confiscated crochet hooks before.rtwhen read nypd sue protesters  dipping confiscated stash evidence locker.rtrtjust confiscated  ows generators.rtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.   occupywallstreet  occupyrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.   occupywallstreet  occupyfriday nypd raided occupy wall street confiscated generators fire threat. ows installing pedal powered generatorsoccupy wall street authorized $5 000 week 5 bike generators  nypd/fdny confiscated generators fuel.rtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.   occupywallstreet  occupyrtwhen read nypd sue protesters  dipping confiscated stash evidence locker.donate generators protesters  occupywallstreet nypd confiscated 6 em  rush help
rtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsrtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsrtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsrtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtnypd confiscates generators   occupywallstreet effortlessly pedal power.  god  love people.rtnypd confiscates generators   occupywallstreet effortlessly pedal power.  god  love people.rtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtnypd confiscates generators   occupywallstreet effortlessly pedal power.  god  love people.rtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsrtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsrtnypd confiscates generators   occupywallstreet effortlessly pedal power.  god  love people.rtnypd confiscates generators   occupywallstreet effortlessly pedal power.  god  love people.rtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   ows
rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm:occupation overture painted 1812 overture playing otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owswhat history 1812 overture?rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsoccupymadison rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent....
rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rtamerica biggest welfare cheats rich    cheating taxes  getting rich government dime   ows  99%rtamerica biggest welfare cheats rich    cheating taxes  getting rich government dime   ows  99%rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rtamerica biggest welfare cheats rich    cheating taxes  getting rich government dime   ows  99%rtamerica biggest welfare cheats rich    cheating taxes  getting rich government dime   ows  99%rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rtamerica biggest welfare cheats rich    cheating taxes  getting rich government dime   ows  99%rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rtamerica biggest welfare cheats rich    cheating taxes  getting rich government dime   ows  99%rtamerica biggest welfare cheats rich    cheating taxes  getting rich government dime   ows  99%rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.i ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rtamerica biggest welfare cheats rich    cheating taxes  getting rich government dime   ows  99%rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.
rtpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  sing"this little light mine".  ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecircle
rtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows”rtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows
rtblock   nkotb  (inst.)  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnerrtb1a4   learned bad  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnerhe fire  he?  geithner  obama  occupywallstreetwhat && waterloo demint  common?  geithner resign    owsmsnbcshinee   wowowow  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithner2nise    occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnermblaq   tonight  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnerb1a4   chu chu chu  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnerblock   nkotb  (inst.)  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnershinee   y.o.u  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnerft island   birds  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnermblaq   wish hadn  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnershinee   jojo  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnerdbsk   mirotic  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnerss501   love  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnersecret   madonna  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnerteen top   roman  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnersuper junior   love  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnerorange caramel   shanghai romance  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnerinfinite   (sungkyu solo)  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnerbeast    occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithner
rtrtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord...rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtoccupysyracuse  needsoftheoccupiers folks pick & clean laundry & dishes.  supportyouroccupationrtoccupysyracuse  needsoftheoccupiers folks pick & clean laundry & dishes.  supportyouroccupationrtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"totally forgot laundry tonight. oops  revolution   occupywallstreetrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtthis laundry day zuccotti park looks like.  owsurgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"pls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"occupysyracuse  needsoftheoccupiers folks pick & clean laundry & dishes.  supportyouroccupationrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtrtrtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord...
republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... cain  former ceo godfat...rtmichele bachmann entire hampshire staff quitsrepublican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... obama cain ...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...rtmichele bachmann entire hampshire staff quitsbachmann turn/eroverdrive  bad news forprez candidate nh team quits massemichele bachmann entire hampshire staff quitsrtearly game khadafy ice; bachmann skids | york daily newsrepublican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...ot gevalt  column. city romney  bachmann oys yiddishrepublican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... obama cain ...rtmichele bachmann entire hampshire staff quitsrtmichele bachmann entire hampshire staff quitsrepublican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ...   york daily newsrepublican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...michele bachmann  gop presidential candidate hampshire team quits en masse report
rtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtntc usa occupywallstnyc police disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare ...   occupy  usantcrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrticymi report at:police disguise protest sabotage public safetyrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrti ve calls nypd city homeless services seeking comment sabotage accusations. report say.rtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrticymi report at:police disguise protest sabotage public safetyrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsicymi report at:police disguise protest sabotage public safetyrticymi report at:police disguise protest sabotage public safetyrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrticymi report at:police disguise protest sabotage public safetyrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaows
glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...rocky horror picture show. now. brings memories.  jump left..oh  memories  morning day 2 occupation  time ve shared  twitter classglory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories  read viaglory faded neck roll; memoriesglory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...i love & remember. memories  ll visit can.. but.. time  occupywhin   uptown  nycglory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...
“graduates versus oligarchs  america ruled 1 % enormously rich & powerful oligarchy.graduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsgraduates versus oligarchs“graduates versus oligarchs   pse  eps  feuqrtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchs"so income inequality america oligarchs versus else. "  byowskrugman   graduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsp2 rtgraduates versus oligarchsthe 1% & 19% rtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchs
rtrtoccupy protests mapped world   theguardian   ows  occupywallstreet  occupymunichnyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...
rttoday 4pm   washingtonsquare  2chairs  public debate letting individuals chance debate ideas movement. participatei trying wrap brain idea "staged arrests" mentioned nytimes "hipster cop" articlert"that fine idea."  gump  via.  99percent  ows  joinusanother day load bullshit from.  nemmynomates  nemmynolife  nemmynoideartwhile rarely idea impinge 1st amendment  glad shut cantor down.  thanklove idea  knowing feasibilitydear  occupywallstreet   occupyoakland  ideas completely hit american economy  please contact  alwefaq societyyorkers okay bloomberg food changes hate idea  nanny ...   york daily newsde facto symbol guy fawkes replaced   concreteideaswoo usa usa pathetic.acting bullies playground. bet laugh it. idea you?heres crazy idea people; stop spending days acting homeless outside buildings  getajob  notthatdifficultrtmy idealistic heart belongs to& news fit print hard truth cover oftheydontgetit rtterrible idea police fb post name/age/photo citizens arrestedrt.how know.rted? stalking/trolling tl/followers thats howrtanother day load bullshit from.  nemmynomates  nemmynolife  nemmynoideartde facto symbol guy fawkes replaced   concreteideasyou sue idea  individuals possessing idea sue you. ia investigation?  owsjust idea based news today.rtdemocracy competition ideas  demand free speech. rule secrecy anti democratic  breeds incompetency  waste.  usdorrtmaybe idea occupiers have.rton pr blog strange failure ows social media   pr  ows   occupywallstreet  battleofideas
rtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  ows
rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldoha  rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldocuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldo
rtanswering judge richard goldstone’soped denying israeli apartheid |busted? "oakland police deny rubber bullets. nice try.   ows  occupywallst"rtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtrtnyclu nypd shd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets nr zuccotti   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtcorporate controlled trying deny voting rights gasp corporatocracy.   ows  usdorouchanddeny supporting  occupydc movement.   usdor  occupywallstreet  occupy  takewallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   owsrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtanswering judge richard goldstone’soped denying israeli apartheid |the police inventive comes denying people freedom expression. isn surprise
rtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtnew york ny police union official claims 20 cops hurt  ows questioned nypd refuses validate [4]rtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsearlier tweet clarified city officials comment happens  occupyphilly refuses 2 move 2 site b/c city construction  owsrtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsnew york ny police union official claims 20 cops hurt  ows questioned nypd refuses validate [4]rtnew york ny police union official claims 20 cops hurt  ows questioned nypd refuses validate [4]rtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtnew york ny police union official claims 20 cops hurt  ows questioned nypd refuses validate [4]rtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestscongress refuses outlaw insider trading lawmakers         posted 05  2010 01:04pm edt peter goren...rtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestswar reflects weakness civilization refuses offer peace alternative  occupywallstreet  ows
rturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrtrtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsrtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrt “rumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   ows”rtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   ows (via)rturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrtrtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsrtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological)  zuccoti park expect gas safe   ows  safety  oallyurgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsrtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsrt"rumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   ows"rtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsrtrtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.ows
"live  occupyseattle swat downtown seattle woman hit bullet  "rtthis looks reasonable peace keeping tactic. rtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoakland   owsrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver pd firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtrtanother rubber bullet contusion individual.  occupyoakland  (cont…rtfive days  charges stray bullet victim held & 39;captive& 39; cops don’t believe..rtrtrtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoaklandrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtconey island woman shot  crawls tree  dies gunman pumped bullets thursday upper bod...busted? "oakland police deny rubber bullets. nice try.   ows  occupywallst"rtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtbrooklyn stray bullet shooting victim sues  nypd 5 day detention   missed tweet this?rtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtok  seriously wound baby mtpeace keeping tactic. rtrubber bullet   owsfive days  charges stray bullet victim held  captive  cops don’t believe storyrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rt
i using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word
rtif yo tengo 99% dinero mi parto los 99%? necesito?rtsoy mucho readyo negotiatador  yo tengo demandos   occupadocallewallrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorslol. smh  rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygenerators“if yo tengo 99% dinero mi parto los 99%? necesito?” re funny jerk bloombitortay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsif yo tengo 99% dinero mi parto los 99%? necesito?ay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtif yo tengo 99% dinero mi parto los 99%? necesito?rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtif yo tengo 99% dinero mi parto los 99%? necesito?rtif yo tengo 99% dinero mi parto los 99%? necesito?rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygenerators
cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime   newyorktimescardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...for dewitt selig  thrilling game lives sixth game world series  texas r...for dewitt selig  game lifetime decades baseball  bud selig  game’s commission...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...news cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime ...   nytimescardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime ...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime men...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetimecardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime men...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  thrilling game lives  [ny times global]cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  thrilling game lives  [ny times baseball]cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime with...   teamfollowbackcardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime  [ny times]cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...
my entire town infected parasites ppl pictsweet sewers septics mebendazole  occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreet
rtpatent  broccoli revoked    monsanto tightens death grip food |  gmo  food   ows  occupywallst...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... cain  former ceo godfat...ok  nypd isnt picking :( theyve nice   pause  pizzas it... whats option?patriot act. coming closet...thxxx gwb bo`rtthe 1% wrecked economy suckered paying it...for rest lives. here.  ows  occupywallstreetworkin studio am. nothin beats breakfast...  lifeizgrandv4  occupywallstreetcops blame occupy wall street surge shootings  city wastes money policing protesters nypd floods wall st...october2011 movement closes citibank 2  protest record profits t...   ows  occupydc  stopthemach2011  usdorrtrtno cops answer raids happened curfew over. "just...rtrtsitting city hall getting ready press conf try livestream. ht...rtrtopd trying kettle 14th broadway. people. st...rtrtex goldman sachs director surrender fbi weds criminal insider t...rtrtsplit ac transit & alt bart stationspeople carryingsigns. mtvideo occupy columbus circle march night...  owsi online at...moving backwards ?fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...rtobama libya khadafy death  won revolution  president obama killing dictat...you ll believe it...found clean & cordial  ows kids 2talk to.    miracleshappen  occupywallstreetrti am outraged...stand solidarity  ows movement...we  right...then rights  usdornypd detective fired sean bell believed slain queens ... detective fired shot...obama releases troops iraq  quell sting soldier knows. "did win?" t...
corporatist  rainforest movement sell primaryto un redd finance  fsc certified plantation carbon forestry  occupywallstreetrt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  ows vrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsmary meeker  occupywallstreet “people deserve little angry.”  ccjust little ;)astoria criminal mary prantil  running rampantrt“:beet.tv:the york times embracing video primary reporting tool    journalism”rtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrth&m girl dragon tattoo clothing line bad book. awful.  (via)cafalk summary  october 28th 2011   summify   ows  connecttheleft  wiunion  1u  p2  usdor  occupymarinesrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtrtdelicious critique  banking subversive  film mary poppins  occupywallstreet  ows reviewtwo  gop primary  debates coming | york daily newsrt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  ows vrtpeople america watch celebrities closely watch own government.  embarrassing priorities....   p2  ows  occupywallstrtobama clinton condemned  egypt mubarak using tear gas rubber bullets .. hypocrites much?    owsoccupyoaklandff(via)rtthe permit reflect  baltimore opinion. people city support  occupybaltimore.  occupy  rights  chesbay  maryland  usdorrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsit restoration benmore fernery fern expert mary gibby rbge restorationrtoakland north reporter megan molteni shot foot pellet gun passing primary target  occupyoakland  owsoccupyphilly ga convened. brief summary occupation meeting city officials today. (cont)
rtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsran  halloween candy. switching *small* cups  steelreserve.  p2  tlot  topprog  iamthe53  ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsyes  rtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owslove  rtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsswitching off. night all.rtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  ows
rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorslol. smh  rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygenerators  /viartay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsbwahahahah    rtmiguel bloombito ay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygenerators*hollers*  rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygenerators

"abnormal returns u.s. house representatives"   usdor  ows  stopthemach2011  net4change  worldcantwaittough economy rtcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122m deal  decides opt free agency.rtcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  decides opt free agency ..rtlaw student held captive egypt returns homertcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  decides opt free agency ..ny times tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starte...rtthe ny daily news covert affairs premiere tomorrow "returns bang fairly drama"tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...sugarland returns indianapolis months deadly stage collapse ...   york daily newstar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...photo 6/6 11:01 pm workers fulton transit center wave march returns zuccotti.  occupywallstreet  owspraise jesus. rtcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  (cont)occupyphilly march returns. 1 estimate 300+. personally witnessed major ...word rtopbart returns nov 7th  march  occupysf  occupyoakland  cabincr3wgiants cupcake dolphins test justin tuck returns giants  defensive line sunday t...cc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122 million deal  decides ... “i didn ...tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...rtcc sabathia returns yankees 5  $122  million deal  decides opt free agency ..rt"abnormal returns u.s. house representatives"   usdor  owstar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...news tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five ...   nytimes
rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  ows hahahacapitalism entrepreneurship aive  ol  united states. love  (biglaugh)rtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtlol rtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtrt "heard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  ows"  censorshiprtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrttwulocal 100 :) rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiers
rtthe amazing journey jets... painting  poetry & writing helped overcome personal tragedy   nflnobody touch poetry album    stories amazing especially 1 brooklyn bridgethe poets daily   ? top stories viartthe poets daily   ? top stories viany jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ...   york daily newsrtny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ...   psurtthe amazing journey jets... painting  poetry & writing helped overcome personal tragedy   nflrtlove  jets rtny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ..   psuny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedies ... | york daily news   billsfound article ny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ...ny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ...poetry.rtteaching don physicists teaching poetry college  ccrtthe amazing journey jets... painting  poetry & writing helped overcome personal tragedy   nflny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen  including death son   ny ...ny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ... maybin started t...love  jets rtny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ..   psurtt eliot prize shortlist announced.rtnew online  poetry magazine seeking international submissions  spread th… (cont)rtpeter & ann sansom  geoff hattersley & allison mcvety reading manchester city library oftoday. starts 1pm. freertthe poetry business book & pamphlet competition  judge   carol ann duffy  deadline   29 november
rtnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersthe newyorker livestreamdiscussionon  ows  w/ spitzer&others  happening  h/ttyrtnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&others
rtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtwishing toand injured vet scott olsen.rtoccupy wall street protesters support injured war vet  cnn   ows  usdor  99percent  globalrevolution  occupyoaklandkolbermann interview roommate critically injured  occupyoakland protestor  scottolson   ows  occupytogether  usdoranonymous message scott olsen courageous war veteran injured  occupyoakland  viaows  usdorinjured marine vet "oakland crowd control methods prohibited war zones"   occupyoakland  ows  usdor"nypd mum cops allegedly hurt  ows:"  police union official claims 20 officers injured won detailsrtoccupy wall street oakland protesters support injured iraq veteran ...   york daily newsrtprt pls pray scott olsen  iraq vet injured oaklandiraq vet skull fractured clash cops occupy protest demonstrators injured clash ...protesters support injured iraq vet anti wall street demonstrators held festive march san fr...iraq vet skull fractured clash cops occupy protest demonstrators injured clash ...protesters support injured iraq vet anti wall street demonstrators held festive march san fr...rtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtprt pls pray scott olsen  iraq vet injured oaklandrtmtvery account ofman shot w/ riotgun assisting injured persons...> 20 police officers injured wall st protests  ows    speaks 4  comparison 2  teaparty  tcotrtinjured marine vet "oakland crowd control methods prohibited war zones"   occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtnypd union chief refuses widely repeated claim 20+ cops injured  ows protestsrtvery account ofman shot w/ riotgun assisting injured persons ...
novelties definition 3  coming sony headsetare familiar definition insanity?rtnovelties definition 3  coming sony headsetrtnovelties definition 3  coming sony headsetrtnovelties definition 3  coming sony headsetnytimes it’s 3  definitionrtnovelties definition 3  coming sony headsetit 3  definition   york timesoef  terug naar begin tel.tijdperk? “novelties definition 3  coming sony headsetmarketing & sales  novelties definition 3  coming sony headset sony soon introduce ...  modestonytimes looks bit sci fi  hey works... check 3  definition visornovelties definition 3  coming sony headset sony soon introduce visorlike headset  which...yes  jest.  definition nasty spotlight woman writer ridicule online  due topics style.rtnovelties  definition 3  coming sony headsetnovelties definition 3  coming sony headsethigh definition  3d  coming  sony headset  /via(hot   xmaslist)rtnovelties definition 3  coming sony headsetrtnovelties definition 3  coming sony headset  // fuck yeah   entretenimiento personal  very.ows sen. bernie sanders corrects mitt romney definition class warfare   countdown keith olbermann   p2  usdorarab spring definition "impossible"  occupywallstreetrtnovelties definition 3  coming sony headset
rtummm. rtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianswag rtrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianrtnj politician phil mitsch tweets woman  whore bedroom  kee..rtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianit public platform  moron > rep. phil mitsch tweets woman  whore bedroomrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politiciannj politician phil mitsch tweets woman  whore bedroomnj rep. sen phil mitsch women "lady living  whore bedroom" 2 man?why tweet that? smh.?nj politician phil mitsch tweets woman  whore bedroomrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politiciankim kardashian warranted paper kid  oj nearly shot bedroom.rtstoopid hoomin children:stop lettin fireworks da street daytime yoo dem sumwhere dark bout yr bedroom?rtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianhe vote rtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianha  hc rtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianjust 47 percent kids 8 etc bedroom. depressing.  parents kids.
rick perry participating gop debates  mistake  rick perry gop debates disaster ...rtrtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreetrtrtrtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreet  //  p2  p21rtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreet  wouldn happenparty protest.rtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreetrtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreetrtrick perry bill reilly participating gop debates  mistakedeathofliberalclass rtrthost npr music fired crime participating  ows protest is.gd/kkn2llrtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreetrtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreetrtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreet   usa  wallstreet  occupywallst  newsrick perry participating gop debates  mistake  rick perry gop debates disaster ...rtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreetrtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreetrtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreetthanks jen. yorker. participating  occupywallstreet all?rtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreetwow  .rtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreetrtrick perry participating gop debates  mistakertwashington post journalist fired participating  occupywallstreetrick perry participating gop debates  mistake
pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman brooklyn   viartupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnews*damn* rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman brooklyn   b...   bkrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman    breakingnewsrt*damn* rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrt “rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnews”rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsschoolkids learning thegrey water system  :]rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnews
occupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protestersoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters zoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters xoccupywallstreet fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent   occupywallst   anti99percent   protest   adbusters   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  ioccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  xoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  coccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  noccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  koccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent pointless  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest   idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  ioccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  y
rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rthearing nypd "beat shit" demonstrator march. guy swollen (cont)rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdor"party lying sach shit"sign  libertysquare.  owsrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdor
rtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupierswe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiers
occupywallstreet elites check? smart ppl engage *intellectually*   ows  tlot  occupylartoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites  99percent   ows  topprog  p2occupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%rtwarning elites   occupytogether  occupywallstreet  occupyfreedomplaza  occupywdc  ows  usdor  antibanks  occupywallstrtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites  99percent   ows  topprog  p29 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%   owsrtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites  99percent   ows  topprog  p2occupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99% | occu..occupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%warning elites   occupytogether  occupywallstreet  occupyfreedomplaza  occupywdc  ows  usdor  antibanks  occupywallstoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%occupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99% | occu..rtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%rtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%took days im :)occupy boardroom 9 angry heart breaking messages wall street elites ..askmike feel 2 look elitest &make people scream brave nypd 9/11 cause 2 assert political agenda?  owsoccupy  boardroom 9  angry   heart breaking  messages  wall  street  elites 99%   america  usa  news9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%   ows  connecttheleftoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99% | occu..rtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites  99percentrtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%
rtour video todays arrests  ows march protest  nypd stop & frisk policiesjack cat   read & share airline animal "handling" policies & procedures     . . .rtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owschina failing agriculture policiesrtfuel poverty existing policies reduce fuel poverty?  alternatives?  ukpovertyrtboris johnson cycling policies putting motorist  viartthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   ows
occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakoccupywallstreet protesters flock 2 health clinics std/hiv testing getting freak  <~infested zuccottirtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freaklisten matt  up.  ows rtblog post rush limbaugh freaking aboutrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.tsa screener fired leaving note telling passenger  freak  girl     ny dail..rtfriends  cmj gig lpr noo yawk freakin  times.  thxrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested."occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rtrtbreaking news  ows kitchen receives rating city sanitation inspectorsrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freak

rtoccupyusa consensus ( directdemocracy @  occupywallstreet)      ows  occupytogether  99percent viartisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtoccupyusa consensus ( directdemocracy @  occupywallstreet)      ows  occupytogether  99percent viartisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtembody violent practice support violent change    occupy  lovertisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupier
rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra at...rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.rti personally disagree walkouts.  ows isn looking so? reason protests start 5pm (usually)...rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.occupyphilly march returns. 1 estimate 300+. personally witnessed major ...rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.twitter inspired personally  accounts likeandmmchatrti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra wasparkrti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.thx rttwitter inspired personally  accounts likeandmmchatrti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.rti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.rti don personally. trust source & personally.
rtojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalaverdaderamente "ojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojala "rtojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalaya hay un verdadero despertar el movimiento zeitgeist... viva el occupywallstreetrtojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojala
iraq war veteran scott olsen critical condition police tear gas  occupywallstreet oakland.  fuckthepolicertwe scott olsen    occupy movement battlecry   ows  scottolsen  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  usdor  p2rtwe scott olsen    occupy movement battlecry   ows  scottolsen  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  usdor  p2rtofficer scott bergstresser identified   policebrutality  fascism  occupywallstreet  occupy  occupyoakland  occupytucsonrtscottolsen silenced.  speak     1u  oo  p2  ows  comm  hsm2  quote  occupy  support  classwar  occupysf  usdorrtwe  scottolsen    love youows  solidarityrtwishing toand injured vet scott olsen.scott olsen ows saint  /viaoccupywallstreetkolbermann interview roommate critically injured  occupyoakland protestor  scottolson   ows  occupytogether  usdoranonymous message scott olsen courageous war veteran injured  occupyoakland  viaows  usdorrtoccupywallstreet  ows   scott olsen occupy oakland  owsscottolsen &  occupyoakland msnbc   ows  occupywallstreetrtrtwe  scottolsen     love youows  solidarityshow support scott olsen rest ows movement  wear black arm band tomorrow.i nypd pizza (14884 pima rd.  pima rd.  scottsdale)rtwe  scottolsen    love youows  solidarityrtscott olsen awake. able write little bit  roommate says.  scottolsen  occupywallstreetrt"vigils tonight 4  scottolsen  marine attacked cops @  occupoakland  solidarityrtprt pls pray scott olsen  iraq vet injured oaklandegypt scott olsen family.rtwe  scottolsen    love youows  solidarity
president obama weekly address millionaires willing pay ...president obama weekly address millionaires willing pay ...rturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtremember nypd shadowing marches orange mesh. live nets willingly. owsrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersand re willing pay customize shortened links. example  look atortweets.rtoccupysf expect raid 10pm. mass rally 9:30. willing join nonviolent civil disobedience gather 9pm.  owsrtit sfpd guts crack them. willing send force therethat depends re willing trump 1st amendment  friend. ordinances  (cont)rturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiers"...a kid  tattoo willing risk dying numbers..."i willing share wealth slightest bit evidence 99% worthy it.rturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersit sfpd guts crack them. willing send force there
rtrtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows  occupyoakland demonstrators.     occupywall ...rtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators. youtu.be/kqlu8ra_8oe  occupywallst  nyc  occupytogether rtrtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators.rtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators.     occupywallst  anonops rtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators.rtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators. youtu.be/kqlu8ra_8oe  occupywallst  nyc  occupytogether rtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators. youtu.be/kqlu8ra_8oe  occupywallst  nyc  occupytogether rtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators.     occupywallst  anonops rtrtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators.   occupywallstrtgraphic vid nypd beating  ows solidarity w/  occupyoakland demonstrators.   occupywallstrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators.     occupywallst  anonops rtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators. youtu.be/kqlu8ra_8oe  occupywallst  nyc  occupytogether rtrtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators.   occupywallstrtgraphic nypd beating  ows   occupyoakland demonstrators.    occupywallst  anonops harrowingrtrtpolice move onviolently arrest protesters  tear tents  mace peaceful demonstrators.rtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators.   (cont)rtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators.   occupywallstrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators. youtu.be/kqlu8ra_8oe  occupywallst  nyc  occupytogether rtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators.     occupywallst  anonops rtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators.     occupywallst  anonops rtrtrtgraphic video nypd beating  ows solidarity  occupyoakland demonstrators.   occupywallst
rtt eliot prize shortlist announced.rtshortlist announced andrew doolan awardrttonight 7pmexamines shortlisted projects year’sangel awardsrta huge thank enteredfuturesfund  ve selected shortlist 6  863 entriesrthere eight shortlisted schemes windermere steamboat museum competition
rtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrthey pa tweeps list reps.  re 99% corporations   articlevconvention  usdor  owsrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismsmithsonian send reps collect  ows signs zuccotti chronicle democratic movement  occupyatworkrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrt:stock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.  ...rtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismhey pa tweeps list reps.  re 99% corporations   articlevconvention  usdor  owsrtusa tweeps  tell reps vote  internet  blacklist bill   anonymous  occupywallstreet  ows  usdorhey pa tweeps list reps.  re 99% corporations   articlevconvention  usdor  owsrti duties rep seriously. read re u.s. house attendance records   fl24rtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrthey pa tweeps list reps.  re 99% corporations   articlevconvention  usdor  ows
rtff  respect >><<big thxs  > friday morn  >  ff <3wintry mix dumps record snow york rare october snowstorm socked east coast saturday  setting sno...early snowstorm hits east coastsnowtober  pre halloween snow shocks east coast 500 000 people left power rare w...wintry mix dumps record snow york rare october snowstorm socked east coast saturday  setting sno...rtsnowtober  pre halloween snow shocks east coast wintery mixking tide raise sea level atlantic coastchris stewart   ? top stories viartabout york king tide raise sea level atlantic coastrtsnowtober  pre halloween snow shocks east coast wintery mixnytimes snow comes east coastrtsnowtober  pre halloween snow shocks east coast wintery mixrt“rumors sub committee looking bring pain  occupywallstreet. tonight 6pm  250 bway.  ows pls share”fwdfdny responding multiple gas odor reports brooklyn. coast guard reports ship offloading fuel bay  ...rta message solidarity (successful) rebels  tahrir square   ocw  occupyvancouver via2nd autopsy zahau check foul play east coast doctor autopsy friday exhum...wintry mix dumps record snow york rare october snowstorm socked east coast saturday  setting sno...on bi article   ows "it proposal point. formal."rtffnba snowstorm knocks power 2m  kills rare october snowstorm socked east coast saturda...   nets
rtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.here questionhas $300 000 & re donations coats  sleeping bags  cots  etc. why?rtattn occupy wall street "comfort" station coats  please bring zuccotti  ows  nysga  needsoftheoccupiersrtattn occupy wall street "comfort" station coats  please bring zuccotti  ows  nysga  needsoftheoccupiersrtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.rtattn occupy wall street "comfort" station coats  please bring zuccotti  ows  nysga  needsoftheoccupiersattn occupy wall street "comfort" station coats  please bring zuccotti  ows  nysga  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe re happy accept donations socks  mittens  gloves  hats  scarves  & coats (not clothes)  needsoftheoccupiers  halifax  occupynsrtwho one? mtows requests gloves/coats absurd. sleeping outside helps cause?rtoccupydenver freezing   help  plz   needsoftheoccupiers hot food & beverages  emergenc packets  coats  warm clothing. (2/2)“its getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.”rtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.int nyt million lose power snow coats regionrtoccupydenver freezing   help  plz   needsoftheoccupiers hot food & beverages  emergenc packets  coats  warm clothing. (2/2)rtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.nytimes nearly million lose power snow coats regionthe gop (tcot  teaparty ) disgrace america—vote    occupywallstreetrtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.rtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.rtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.more million lose power snow coats region   la neu ja començaa portar problemes eua (inclòs estat de ny).
rtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupierspaul krugman    hole bucket europe goes circles.rtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersand trying trade corner delis occupywallst drum circles.rtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiers
(poor protesters ain pd  dealers) rt3 sought zuccotti park death threat   owsrt3 sought zuccotti park death threatrtwow. rt3 sought zuccotti park death threatrtcity 3 sought zuccotti park death threatrt3 sought zuccotti park death threatrt3 sought zuccotti park death threatrtrt3 sought zuccotti park death threat  owsrt3 sought zuccotti park death threat ^sgrt3 sought zuccotti park death threatrt3 sought zuccotti park death threat3 sought zuccotti park death threat  ows3 sought zuccotti park death threatrt3 sought zuccotti park death threatparadiswe lost   director sought justice via film"mr. corzine sought bolster profits increasing bets firm using own capital"rt3 sought zuccotti park death threatrt "3 sought zuccotti park death threat3 sought zuccotti park death threatwow. rt3 sought zuccotti park death threatre rt3 sought zuccotti park death threatrt3 sought zuccotti park death threat
rtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsabc7 news crawl "wall street protesters spend day winter elements zuccotti park."rtrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  ows
rtthe grand trick leaderless movement leaders.  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtows occupy chicago protest leaders investigation fbi links terrorism source:...   usrevolutionows  time heroes leaders represent movement. organized lay demands.  occupywallst  occupychina reshuffles leadership financial regulators   leadership changes  announced satu...i guess leaders . kinda odd     occupywallstnyc livechina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...can  ows create sustained change? happen? thoughtful piece leaders fighting wall stchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...occupywallstreet & street attn corporate govt leaders forgotten ppl serveoccupywallstreet & street attn corporate govt leaders forgotten ppl serveny times european leaders seek bold debt deal  despite hurdles main players  france germany  sharp...china reshuffles leadership financial regulators   leadership changes  announced satu...china reshuffles top leadership financial regulators via $$a example positive  responsible leadership zambia   inspire africa?we finally real progress education reform thanks leadership of.  obama2012rtphiladelphia official cites "signficant challenge" dealing protests w/no specific leaders.   owsoccupywallst leadership   cnnchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limit...   infodo mistake movement leadership. leaders.  ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetlove onrtthe leaders parade  thx kevin nypd escortoccupywallstreet & street attn corporate govt leaders forgotten ppl serve
rtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrttoday  ows  occupywallstreet rap sheet hit incident  119. sexual assault murder investigationrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   ows10 languages offered fire safety material sheet available all10 languages & 4 english only.rtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsoccupywallstreet rap sheet    > omg  shit  piss  ratfilth  nypd hose  shithole down... gagged & called 911rtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsoccupywallstreet rap sheetrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtbig government publishes  occupywallstreet “rap sheet  far”   tcotpedrosa sets pace malaysia honda dani pedrosa topped timesheets friday free practice sess...rttoday  ows  occupywallstreet rap sheet hit incident  119. sexual assault murder investigationrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrttoday  ows  occupywallstreet rap sheet hit incident  119. sexual assault murder investigation
rtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsoccupy  occupywallst  occupysandiego police committing treason. attacking united citizens. war freedom.rtriot police  occupysandiego live   ows  occupywallst  occupytogether  anonopsrtlupica rex ryan talking  time  jets san diego chargers   nyjrtoccupy san diego raided riot police tear gas possible. live feed   ows  occupywallst  occupyrtriot police scene  occupysandiego   ows  occupywallstreet  p2rtjust finished adding 20 cities   occupysandiego  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  occupysf  occupyportlandrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtriot police  occupysandiego live   ows  occupywallst  occupytogether  anonopsrtoccupy san diego raided riot police tear gas possible. live feed   ows  occupywallst  occupyrtoccupy san diego raided riot police batons.  live feed   ows  occupywallst  occupyrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsoccupysandiego run police live   ows  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtrtrtoccupy camps nashville san diego broken   occupytogether  owsrtoccupy san diego raided riot police tear gas possible. live feed   ows  occupywallst  occupyrtriot police  occupysandiego live   ows  occupywallst  occupytogether  anonopsrtrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsoccupysandiego  riotpolice live feed    viaoccupy  occupywallstreet
safety  experienced curbside bus operators assailed sen. chuck schumer nat..hmm  backwards  ways? rtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggersrtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggerschina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limit...   infoceliobusinessdesk china proposes curbs entertainment bloggersdtn usa china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing li...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...this sad infuriating rtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggerschina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggingchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing ...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...safety  experienced curbside bus operators assailed sen. chuck schumer nat..china moves forward economically backwards socially & culturally.china curbs entertainmnt & bloggers   freespeechreport curbside buses fatal accident rate york (cbsnewyork/ap) – sen. charles schumer promi...newtechnology china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing ...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...
pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman brooklyn   viartpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunmanholy crap. rtrooftop gunman brooklyn kills woman trying shield childrenrtpregnant mom dies shielding schoolchildren rooftop gunman brooklynrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtrooftop gunman brooklyn kills woman trying shield children*damn* rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman brooklyn   b...   bkrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsfuck guns rtrooftop gunman brooklyn kills woman trying shield childrenrtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...wtf rtholy crap. rtrooftop gunman brooklyn kills woman trying shield childrenrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman    breakingnewsnot beirut  brooklyn  “pregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rt*damn* rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtpregnant mom dies shielding schoolchildren rooftop gunman brooklyn  hitechcj
gop  tcot visit zuccotti park w/ giant tv vans playing  firingline redirect  occupywallstreet. kid  gop  teaparty bad  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtthis   > playing rules strange success  occupywallstreet   ows  99percent  occcupytogetherrtwatch  gmhcff2011 commercial travis cannata.  playing onrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owscloser joe nathan playing ny metsafter capture pipe  displaying trophies warcloser joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...rtwatch  fashionforward commercial with. playing onrtwatch  gmhcff2011 commercial with&.  playing onrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtwatch  gmhcff2011 commercial with&.  playing onrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owscloser joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtthis   > playing rules strange success  occupywallstreet   ows  99percent  occcupytogetherrtkanaska playing guitar livestream.  <3  owsjoe cool playing mets
rtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial po… (cont)rtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies ...
rt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarerichard thompson ford equality & law  "moving beyond civil rights"rt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquare
rtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan next?rt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan hidden?rt‘jon kate plus 8’ editor 25 nabbed north carolina kiddie porn sting    ny daily newsrtprinceton professor busted twice week     tcot  sgp  rs  dailypledgealbert pujols  prince fielder  jose reyes headline baseball free agent class ... anthony mccarron albert puj...rtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead.looks fell outta tree o.oprince amukamara ready rejoin ny giants practice; ramses barden ...   york daily newsprince amukamara ready rejoin ny giants practice; ramses barden ...   york daily newssaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead saudi arabia crown prince sultan died  royal court s....oh ll  2 minutes. re surrounded west princeall pics archived (flash drives media)  disappear online.rtnypd stop frisk tactics protested harlem; princeton prof. cornel west am..   owsdtn usa saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead saudi arabia crown prince sultan died  roya...“city require permits   iavian” timertsean & prince run  freecigarettetable @  libertysquare "we re 4 reason 2 help people & ourselves"rtsean & prince run  freecigarettetable @  libertysquare "we re 4 reason 2 help people & ourselves"rt“saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadprinceton professor busted twice week     tcot  sgp  rs  dailypledge
rti  occupywallstreet wrote lousy articlerti  occupywallstreet wrote lousy articlerti  occupywallstreet wrote lousy articlertrogue brooklyn cop running crew nypd henchmen hire smuggled guns nyc   lousy $6 000  fedsrti  occupywallstreet wrote lousy articlertoccupy wall street poll jealousy  greed leadrtrogue brooklyn cop running crew nypd henchmen hire smuggled guns nyc   lousy $6 000  fedsrti  occupywallstreet wrote lousy articlertrogue brooklyn cop running crew nypd henchmen hire smuggled guns nyc   lousy $6 000  fedsrtrogue brooklyn cop running crew nypd henchmen hire smuggled guns nyc   lousy $6 000  fedsrti  occupywallstreet wrote lousy articlerti  occupywallstreet wrote lousy articlefascinating stuff... rti  occupywallstreet wrote lousy articlerti  occupywallstreet wrote lousy articleyour jealousy successful people disturbing majority pay taxes.rti  occupywallstreet wrote lousy articlebeautiful article rti  occupywallstreet wrote lousy articlenot me. limos helicopters   what? ?b rtrtwho lousy commute?   ...rtrogue brooklyn cop running crew nypd henchmen hire smuggled guns nyc   lousy $6 000  fedsrtrogue brooklyn cop running crew nypd henchmen hire smuggled guns nyc   lousy $6 000  fedsrti  occupywallstreet wrote lousy article
rtrtwhere joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship  china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsexcitingads   india ink newswallah longreads edition review form journalism…where internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreads[nyt world]  india ink newswallah longreads editionrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsthe fierce imagination haruki murakami  |  new york times  |  oct. 21  2011  |  23 minutes (5 912 words)   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreads
rt16 nypd officers indicted corruptionrt16 nypd officers indicted corruption  16 york police department officers indicted no...   hnnticket fix scandal officers expected surrender seventeen police officers indicted massive bronx ticke...re nypd cops crying cops broke law indicted couldn happen bunch @$$holes. rt16 nypd officers indicted corruption16 nypd officers indicted corruption16 nypd officers indicted corruption 16 york police department officers are…16 cops tix fix set arraignment sixteen cops indicted nypd ticket fixing scandal arraigne...16 nypd officers indicted corruption (bossip )largest identity theft ring u.s. history busted queens  111 indicted $13 million fraudnot surprised rt16 nypd officers indicted corruption16 cops tix fix set arraignment sixteen cops indicted nypd ticket fixing scandal arraigne...rt16  nypd cops  supervisors indicted corruption   ows  usdor  nailthebastardsrt16 nypd officers indicted corruption16 nypd officers indicted corruption 16 york police department officers indicted that...bishop indicted; charge failing report abuse viarobertfinn16 nypd officers indicted corruption    corruption  indicted16 nypd cops  supervisors indicted corruptiondelivers  16 nypd officers indicted corruption16 nypd officers indicted corruption  16 york police department officers indicted no...   hnnrt16 nypd officers indicted corruption
rtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertshall begin nonviolent siege capitals press local gov convene const. convention?  ows ha… (cont)rtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"phase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplephase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeopleshall begin nonviolent siege capitals press local gov convene const. convention?  ows ha… (cont)epic. rtnavyman riot police fire tear gas. holds copy const.  occupyoaklandrtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplerphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  owsrtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeople
rtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall streetrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street    occupywallstreet  viartif addicts & mentally unstable people sent park nypd  call 911 report themrt“exercise addicts display hallmarks substance addicts tolerance  craving [and] withdrawal...”rtrtformer ny sun editor accuses  nypd sending addicts  occupywallstreet   ows  occupyusa  occupyrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street bit.ly/v8pfpw  owsrtif nypd funneling addicts  crazies  ows  people distribute money park avenue 5th ave. consecutive days  return favorrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrt“exercise addicts display hallmarks substance addicts tolerance  craving [and] withdrawal...”rtif addicts & mentally unstable people sent park nypd  call 911 report themrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrticymi 2 former ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtrtformer ny sun editor accuses  nypd sending addicts  occupywallstreet   ows  occupyusa  occupyrtrtformer ny sun editor accuses  nypd sending addicts  occupywallstreet   ows  occupyusa  occupy
rtdon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidence   management  strategy  mbanytimes don’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidence"dirty hippies econ 101 seriously"..."the serious people believe confidence fairies"rtdon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidence |"don blink  hazards confidence" readrtdon’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencemy "illusion validity" early; caffeine.  nyt hazards overconfidence  kahneman  behavioralinvestingrtdon’t blink  hazards confidence" exaggerated expectation consistency common error" rtdon’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencefor incoming i.b.m. chief  self confidence rewardeddon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidencewe confidence citizens own decisions & decide repeal federal prohibition  occupywallstreetwe confidence citizens own decisions & decide repeal federal prohibition  occupywallstreet
rtrt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks ar..."report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall street     via   owsrt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall street     via   owsrt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."pat robertson occupywallstreet christians. personal level   steers occupyyourbrain toort"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall street     via   owsrtreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall street     via   owsrtreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall street    (via)rtreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall street     via   owsreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall streetreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall streetrt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtridiculous. shame them. mtomg nypd steers drunks occupy wall street  crazy.  owsrtoy  ny finest? rtreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall street    (via)rtreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall street     via   owsridiculous. shame them. mtomg nypd steers drunks occupy wall street  crazy.  ows


rtnyu proposes center urban science progress downtown brooklyn  / viartthe  99percent declaration  ows proposes constitutional assembly   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  usdorthe  99percent declaration  ows proposes constitutional assembly   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  usdorhmm  backwards  ways? rtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggersrtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggerschina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limit...   infoceliobusinessdesk china proposes curbs entertainment bloggersdtn usa china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing li...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...this sad infuriating rtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggerschina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggingchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing ...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...newtechnology china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing ...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...rtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers
madoff wife couple tried suicide   york timesbernie madoff & wife attempted suicide report bernie madoff wife swindler husband tried ...bernie madoff & wife attempted suicide report los angeles   cardiologist accused accidentally killing m...media decoder blog  60 minutes  draws viewers madoffs interview wife a...bernie madoff & wife attempted suicide reportbernie madoff & wife attempted suicide report bernie madoff wife swindler husband tried ...apparently madoff wife ruth  failed spectacularly killi...madoff wife couple tried suicide   york timesbernie madoff feels  safer  prison regrets hurting family  ... christina boyle convicted ponzi...why proetest people evil criminal madoffthey away. rtcity madoffs trick treatingmadoffs tried commit suicide  wife ruth madoff interview bernard...bernie madoff & wife attempted suicide report los angeles   cardiologist accused accidentally killing m...rtmadoff "i deserved punished. deserved jail"bernie madoff pathetic story reminder wall street protesters occupy ...   york daily newsmadoffs tried commit suicide  wifemadoffs tried commit suicide  wifemakes sick madoff tv & compensated it. shame on&rtmadoff wife tried suicide ponzi arrestrtwife madoff tried suicidemadoffs tried commit suicide  wife says
rtrtrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrt"now time strike" huge ovation.  occupyoakland  ows  usdor
rtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  ows"we replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  ows"rtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.   occupywallstreet  occupyrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.   occupywallstreet  occupyrtrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  ows
rtdarkknightrises film  occupywallstreet protesters     batman  christophernolan  christianbalertrtdarkknightrises film  occupywallstreet protesters     batman  christophernol...rtthis rt‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street siterecalls joker setting stacks $ fire:“:‘dark knight rises’ film near ows sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert"we scott olsen."     occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupycharlotte  occupycltlet dark knight rises tomoro  occupywallst  smackedcityrt‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitertthe dark knight rises  set photos hint batcopter action lower ...   york daily newsoccupy nashville adam knight describes involvement teacher  student reactions  viaoccupywallstrt‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitertthis rt‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitethe dark knight risesdark knight rises rtmarching north macdougal. movie shoot. police duty movie set look bewildered  owsrtoccupywallstreet star  dark knight rises    nyc  localnewsi sorry loss.rt‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street site
ran  halloween candy. switching *small* cups  steelreserve.  p2  tlot  topprog  iamthe53  ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenwe refuse buy items  buy  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        owsrtheads nyc >> rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchen“sav lot &aldi 10/10 peppers  meat  aluminum foil  cups & bowls.  occupymemphis  needsoftheoccupiers”rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchennytimes fox telemundo win u.s. rights world cups ::: football / soccer >> american footballrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtwe welcomed hugs & cups tea trailer.  children lost. bailiffs behave pigs police state.  dalefarmi doubt win doonan.  curation messy caff birdcage levels noisy  paper cups etc etc.they tea little porcelain cups drink tea  cafe zuccotti.   occupywallstreetneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   pleasertneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   pleasertneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchen
fantasy football research predicting defensive performances seth walder predictable fantasy defense...rt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarertcops again. table chairs pens paper. food needed. plz help.  needsoftheoccupiersgreen vegetables  broccoli bok choy  shown help boost ... re constantly fighting colds  ..."disarming intimate... delectable  music filled road trip/therapy session."   swell season movie ny...hotel wi fi networks buckling weight ipads tablets. fix that.  technicallysoundrtowgtn  needsoftheoccupiers fresh vegetables  planting pots  whiteboards  fire extinguisherswhat tablets fear eventually lose lot printed books books sales downrt"queens 88 st & 95 ave 3 people stabbed  stable condition. crime scene established. 10:25:40 pm"rt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarertshame taking generators zuccotti park especially 1 ran recycled vegetable oilrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarertqueens 88 st & 95 ave 3 people stabbed  stable condition. crime scene established. 10:25:40 pmshame taking generators zuccotti park especially 1 ran recycled vegetable oilrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetfrom occupy san jose  cops again. table chairs  pens  paper. food coffee water.   needsoftheoccupiersrtrtplease  needsoftheoccupiers tables tarps tents winter camping supplies  occupydenver  owsrtrtplease  needsoftheoccupiers tables tarps tents winter camping supplies  occupydenver  ows
rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsgop succeeds humiliating poor people    viartmon 7pm:occupation overture painted 1812 overture playing otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  ows
rtojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalaverdaderamente "ojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojala "rtojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojala“ojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojala ” ya mames
nypd corruption indictments unsealed   abc  news  an247nypd corruption indictments unsealed      (ap) ap   indictment charging 16 york city police office...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...n.y.p.d. officer indictmentsnypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealednypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealednypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealednypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed (providence journal) share friends  |  | top news  ...   usa  newsnypd corruption indictments 16 officers unsealed lengthy ticket fixing probe york — ind...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...rtnypd corruption indictments unsealed (cbs news) share friends  | | business   law stories   rss rss feed via feedzilla.nypd corruption indictments unsealednypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed (cbs news) share friends  | | business   law stories   rss rss feed via feedzilla.nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...
rtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsunprovoked  aggressive  intensely publicized assault remorse = docked 10 days vacation time.  fair.rtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtwell course okay ride harley park & run people. real  cop provoked it.  occupydenver  ows  usdorrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtwell course okay ride harley park & run people. real  cop provoked it.  occupydenver  ows  usdorrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtwell course okay ride harley park & run people. real  cop provoked it.  occupydenver  ows  usdorrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  ows
rtincredible. rtvideo fromshowing tear gas canisters exploding crowd  /rtthis plain wrongsee explosions pandemonium canisters fired crowd  occupyoaklandrtincredible. rtvideo fromshowing tear gas canisters exploding crowd  (via)rtincredible. rtvideo fromshowing tear gas canisters exploding crowd  (via)rtthis plain wrongsee explosions pandemonium canisters fired crowd  occupyoaklandrtthis plain wrongsee explosions pandemonium canisters fired crowd  occupyoaklandrtthis plain wrongsee explosions pandemonium canisters fired crowd  occupyoaklandrtthis plain wrongsee explosions pandemonium canisters fired crowd  occupyoaklandmtvid frmshowing tear gas canisters exploding crowd  maybe flash grenades  (via)rtincredible. rtvideo fromshowing tear gas canisters exploding crowd  (via)rtincredible. rtvideo fromshowing tear gas canisters exploding crowd  (via)rtthis plain wrongsee explosions pandemonium canisters fired crowd  occupyoaklandrtincredible. rtvideo fromshowing tear gas canisters exploding crowd  (via)sweet jesus rtvideo fromshowing tear gas canisters exploding crowd  (via)rtthis plain wrongsee explosions pandemonium canisters fired crowd  occupyoaklandsee shocking explosions pandemonium canisters fired crowd  occupyoakland  (via)video fromshowing tear gas canisters exploding crowd  maybe flash grenades  (via)rtwatch occupy oakland police launch tear gas  flash bang canisters crowd protesters jana katsuyama and...rtthis plain wrongsee explosions pandemonium canisters fired crowd  occupyoaklandrtincredible. rtvideo fromshowing tear gas canisters exploding crowd  (via)rtsee shocking explosions pandemonium canisters fired crowd  occupyoakland http… (cont)
get free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentjust (& large) successes have.  winning  iamthe99percent  occupywallstrtthis interesting..nypd sue ows protesters. ya pigs  "discovery". didn hear about.get free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentrtsharing atari teenage riot   "black flags" feat. boots riley/  anonymousrtsharing atari teenage riot   "black flags" feat. boots riley/  anonymousget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  ows  the99percent.just sharing loveoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyrtthank standing.rtfollowget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentrtrt“if nypd bunch protesters  kettling attempts epic fail” spreadrtthis common movement  appeal universal truth equal lawoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyrtfollow allrtthank standing.get free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentthis common movement  appeal universal truth equal law
rtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owscurrently symphony space waiting forto meet legendary pete seeger.rtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   ows

“croatia ex pm corruption trial  oh look   occupywallstreet  occupymelbournethe police trashed&bashed peaceful protest melbourne      occupywallstreet jesus weptrtanother video  occupymelbourne "the world watching "  ~rl  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtshocking police behaviour occupymelbournertviolent confrontations australia  occupymelbourne videortoccupymelbourne congrats joined  occupyitaly  occupygermany  occupynetherlands  occupywallstreet  occupyireland :)send message footage peace intentions. media spins muchpolice brutality  occupymelbourne australia      ows  a99  opesr  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  usdor  anonymousoccupymelbourne consensus & inclusive process video  occupywallstreet    viarti hope cops plan feeding homeless whatdid.  owspolice evicting occupy melbourneoccupy world asap illsionoccupymelbourne evicted   surrounded fences police moving inrtoccupymelbourne alternate livestreamrtrt undercover occupy withhilarious     owsrtin melbournein philadelphia  andin san franciscortrtrtplease tell  occupymelbourne surrounded police. ...rtaussie cops threaten mother & child horse day 1  occupymelbourne   ows  usdorrtcops getting ready evict.  owsrtanother video  occupymelbourne "the world watching "  ~rl  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtlisten worldoccupyoz  occupymelbourneis surrounded

reaching union squaresupportoakland
giant rat killed pitchfork marcy houses believed ga pouched rat   york daily news  viany giants brandon jacobs run bluegop  tcot visit zuccotti park w/ giant tv vans playing  firingline redirect  occupywallstreet. kid  gop  teaparty bad  owsrtrookieand giants step for...   nyg“jacobs regrets giant returnny giants running brandon jacobs called dan dierdorf  howard ...giants cupcake dolphins test giants bye weekend f...don ironic protesters  occupywallstreet own phones/pads drink starbucks  fueling corporate giantgiants time move super modelrtgreat article posted. awakened giant sleep  owsrtthe blue screen >> coughlin  respect fear nonertgreat article posted. awakened giant sleep  ows   occupydamestreeti funny people focused teaparty 4 weeks  giant donors.luck spark business giantsprince amukamara ready rejoin ny giants practice; ramses barden ...   york daily newsprince amukamara ready rejoin ny giants practice; ramses barden ...   york daily newsmathias kiwanuka rack sacks ny giants defensive ...   york daily newscheerleadingfor.me giants hope tuck cheerleading days   york timescheerleadingfor.me giants hope tuck cheerleading days   york timesny giants brandon jacobs run bluerta giant  snow covered tree collapses jersey home caught camera.
theater review re ripping themselves apart onstage  inside array characters plays ...rti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaystheater review re ripping themselves apart onstage  inside array characters plays ...rti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysi using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essays
afl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs via    ...rtafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs  tcot  lur  unions  1urtafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs  tcot  lur  unions  1urtyou’re boss blog start tries eliminate  food desertsrt16 nypd officers indicted corruptionagc afl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobsafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama  jobsmechanic crane testify boss mechanic charged manhattan crane collapse killed two...(to cops) "saint michael boss   " talking bloomberg.rtmaachoops   manhattan steve masiello  season div. boss  master plan jaspers programrt16 nypd officers indicted corruptionkelsey grammers role  boss   fraiser    york daily newshbo sports hires boss ken hershman hopes rescuing programming ...   york daily news“the streets ours ”  bossylikey revolution televised twitterhbo sports hires boss ken hershman hopes rescuing programming ...   york daily newsthanks boss plz followers friends....facebook  thanks lot...mechanic crane testify boss mechanic charged manhattan crane collapse killed two...rtviaafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs   tcot  rs16 nypd officers indicted corruption (bossip )afl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobsrtit looks jeff boss person line speak cb1.
american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...rtif  occupywallstreet hated wall street  target george soros   wontbitethehandthatfeedsthem  tcot  p2semantics space. hated  takewallstreet  sep17rtft. worth based  americanairlines picked "most hated" airline social media study tracking firmsocial media analytics american  airlines hated airline.  canada wonder : ).social media analytics american  airlines hated airline.  canada wonder : ).social media analytics american  airlines hated airline.  canada wonder : ).american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...   york daily newsamerican airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...   york daily newsamerican airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...rt10 reasons bank america hated bank america  / except hate chase moreamerican airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...twitter... american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...mystory rage cross  bronx expressway sparks initiative by local dads improve hated roadrt10 reasons bank america hated bank america |  occupywallstreet |batman arkham city article rating ebenezer samuel hated nothing? ok  maybe – maybe – that...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...

rtoccupyoackland  occupywallstreet  occupiers  occupyarrests todos los  occupy .. respect    globalchange  globalrevolutiontodos somos scott olsen  occupywallstreet  15mrtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickocuecen habas en todos lados"fdny firefighters ladder 138 saved cat stuck fence  photosrtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortel ñypd stopo frisko todos los en costume este noche que checko para los huevos rottenado el papel del toileta.mtif yo receiven candy halloweeño yo sendo ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortoccupyoackland  occupywallstreet  occupiers  occupyarrests todos los  occupy .. respect    globalchange  globalrevolutionrtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortel ñypd stopo frisko todos los en costume este noche que checko para los huevos rottenado el papel del toileta.rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickoif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortel ñypd stopo frisko todos los en costume este noche que checko para los huevos rottenado el papel del toileta.
“maybe u.s. invade oakland    unlike iraq    actually chemical weapons”  occupywallstreetrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtnow denver pd firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtthe high. smh. | d.e.a. bans chemicals ‘bath salts’rtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtmtchemical bomb thrown  occupymaine kitchen area. heart cries for...rtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rt
rtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoakland  occupyusartrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoakland  occupyusartrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoakland  occupyusamy nypd friend fived protesters duty. rtback park  policeman & protester shake hands & chat  solidarityattentionattentionattentionveteran representing army propaganda machine sake  ows duty.rtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandhybrid carl sagan / richard feynman crossed w/hunter s. thompson  reporting duty. oh needed? [kicks pebble]rtrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoakland
rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldoha  rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldocuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldoque cute es el mayor bloombito  chica? mtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo inside   latismrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldo
rtprotesters nypd kettling net. marines lead  broadway swarmedrtrt“if nypd bunch protesters  kettling attempts epic fail” spreadmtveteran walking w/ id out. cop holding netting  "me  whatta me? " vet kettlingrtprotesters nypd kettling net. marines lead  broadway swarmednypd kettling again? oakland solidarity march nyc  owsrtrtprotesters nypd kettling net. marines lead  broadway swarmed ...rtmtveteran walking w/ id out. cop holding netting  "me  whatta me? " vet kettlingrtmtveteran walking w/ id out. cop holding netting  "me  whatta me? " vet kettlingrtmtveteran walking w/ id out. cop holding netting  "me  whatta me? " vet kettlingrtrtnypd kettling again? oakland solidarity march nyc  owsrtprotesters nypd kettling net. marines lead  broadway swarmed    owskettling corals people nypd arrests. random bs told  sweeping participants timesrthundreds union square park now. won  permit  heavy police pres  orange kettling nets  won  owsrtnypd kettling again? oakland solidarity march nyc  owsrtmtveteran walking w/ id out. cop holding netting  "me  whatta me? " vet kettlingrtmtveteran walking w/ id out. cop holding netting  "me  whatta me? " vet kettlingrtrt“if nypd bunch protesters  kettling attempts epic fail” spreadrtmtveteran walking w/ id out. cop holding netting  "me  whatta me? " vet kettlingrtmtveteran walking w/ id out. cop holding netting  "me  whatta me? " vet kettlingrtpeople running street orange nypd kettling net epic ve seen  ows.rtseconded rtpeople running street orange nypd kettling net epic ve seen  ows.
rtsenator bernie sanders occupy wall street  whyoccupy   youtube   ows  occupy  october2011  oct22  usdor  antiwar  p2rtnational debt check morning $14 940 671 706 465.75. 99.52% gdp.  ows  99percent  stopthemach2011  october2011  usdoropen letter 53% guy   ows  occupyamerica  occupytogether  occupyseattle  usdor  stopthemach2011  october2011nypd ran  protester scooter video   ows  occupytogether  usdor  october2011  stopthemach2011october2011 movement closes citibank 2  protest record profits t...   ows  occupydc  stopthemach2011  usdorthe kids camping wall street real capitalists    ows  occupytogether  stopthemach2011  october2011  usdorows beautiful people  beautiful night.  occupywallstreet  usdor    stopthemach2011  october2011national debt check morning $14 940 671 706 465.75. 99.52% gdp.  ows  99percent  stopthemach2011  october2011  usdormarch  occupyoakland solidarity  occupytogether  occupyamerica  stopthemach2011  october2011  usdorfrom dennis kucinich    occupy 12160   occupytogether  ows  occupydc  stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  veteranletter occupation   ows  occupy  livestream  globalrevolution  stopthemach2011  october2011  worldcantwait  usdorrtopenly gay national guard brian carroll runs office colorado   lgbt  tolerance  ows  usdor  october2011  p2rtan intense moment truth mainstream media   youtube   ows  october2011  usdor  oct22  p2  tlot  tcot  focus  p21rtwhen 99% wake & angry transferring wealth corporatist?  ows  usdor  october2011  p2  tlotrtamerica republic  democracy    republic  democracy  america  october2011  takewallstreet  teaparty  tcotrtlet compare violence levels left &   ows  occupyoakland  october2011  usdor  antiwar  p2  tlot  tcot  1urtanonymous  bankers  video   ows  usdor  october2011  antiwar  antiboughtgov  p2  tlot  tcot  p21rtmarine veteran injured lethal rounds occupy oakland | raw story   occupyoakland  ows  usdor  october2011rtgood deal kim jong il   sen sanders  media   ows  usdor  october2011  oct22  antiwar  p2  to...rtamerica inalienable rights  viaows  october2011  usdor  oct22  ant...rtanonymous  bankers  video   ows  usdor  october2011  antiwar  antiboughtgov  ...
rtrtrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtunite wth international community tax havens   takewallstreet  occupyearthi haven read blog comments  twitter feed  woe  bad you. sad fucks.shoreline occupy takes branford green today. please think...owsrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtunite wth international community tax havens   takewallstreet  occupyearthrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsi ve told colorado counter culture haven. apparently entirely true.rtunite wth international community tax havens   takewallstreet  occupyearthget rest.  haven ... lorena ok??  nipcluboccupywallstreet search requests surpassed  teaparty search requests sept 24 & haven looked   owsas toldon occasion  wasn filming haven fi… (cont)they re destroying property injuring people. haven crossed line. relax man.rtoccupymedia haven read lately  declaration independence   paragraph...   owsif haven directory  simple   free.did pics haven? some.
rtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrt
get free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  ows  the99percent.just sharing loveget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentrtget free  99% bumper sticker   occupywallst  p2rtget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentrtget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentrtget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percent
rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezeneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezewhilst lucky pay freezes pay cuts  allinthistogether  4 poor imortneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezeregular salt de icing salt???? "needsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freeze "rtneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertrubber  introduce road. rtneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezeyou fan nypd? tweet   size nypd care packagertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freeze
rtmayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits | now??mayor michael bloomberg  occupywallstreet protesters city require permits   tcot  twistes  teaparty  p2"mayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits"mayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permitsmayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits“city require permits   iavian” timebloomberg starting require permits  ows   tcot  teapartybloomberg city require permits  occupywallstreet marchess remarks re  occupyoakland lack permits supposed violent behavior disturbing. care explain further?city require permits   iavianpermits flash mobile protests?  occupy wall street crackdown ?comingrtbloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permitsmayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permitsrtshowplug 2 nypd hitting  arresting    ows march nyc streets permits time. points?mayor bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits  bitchass move wall st. puppetlol. smh. "rtbloomberg city require permits  occupywallstreet marchesmayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permitsrtnypd shuts brass band union square  vianypd  permitsi permits required storing gas/fuelrtrtbloomberg city require permits  occupywallstreet marchesmayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits
rtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsbrooklyn 4800 fire multiple dwelling. people trapped.  hatzolah scene.  nypd  fdnyrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtbronx bruckner expy s/b & hutchinson river multiple vehicle mva numerous patients  3 ejected river  1 doa.“bronx bruckner expy s/b & hutchinson river multiple vehicle mva numerous patients  3 ejected river  1 doa.”rtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtgaddafi died beating  maiming multiple gunshots  regime "natural causes."rtwhen time journos monitor simultaneous police crackdowns multiple this?  ows  occupyoaklandrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsfwdfdny responding multiple gas odor reports brooklyn. coast guard reports ship offloading fuel bay  ...biggest riot squad presence date  rubber bullets  multiple arrests evil policertoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsyikes. rtbronx bruckner expy s/b & hutchinson river multiple vehicle mva numerous patients  3 ejected river  1 doa.


cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime   newyorktimescardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...news cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime ...   nytimescardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...rtcardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) cardinals outlast rangers force game 7cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...rtcardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) cardinals outlast rangers force game 7cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) cardinals outlast rangers force game 7rtcardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) cardinals outlast rangers force game 7rtmuseums w/ free pay hours sunday include the(11am 1pm.) listcardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime ...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime men...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) cardinals outlast rangers force game 7 forth game 6  the...occupymedia scott olsen update (11/1/11 8:00 a.m.)   owscardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetimecardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime men...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  thrilling game lives  [ny times global]cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  thrilling game lives  [ny times baseball]
moammar khadafy death proves obama strategy libya stronger mocking gop claimedyep yankees everywhere. rebel found khadafy sports yankees capthe dude snuffed khadafy wore york yankees cap occasion   yankees   :)rtkhadafy rise & fall dictatorrtobama libya khadafy death  won revolution  president obama killing dictat...rtdeposed libyan leader moammar khadafy dead reportrtbritish prime minister david cameron “today day remember khadafy’s victims."pan am 103 vic sis khadafy death  true justice  sister victim 1988 lockerbie bombing ju...rebel found khadafy sports yankees cap avenger wore yankees cap. mohammed al bibi wearing gray ...obama libya khadafy death  won revolution  president obama killing dictat...rebel found khadafy sports yankees cap avenger wore yankees cap. mohammed al bibi wearing gray ...nostrabombus. rtdid 1987 matthew perry sitcom predict khadafy death?rtyou re  syrian demonstrators warn president assad  following khadafy deathkhadafy 2011 death predicted 1987 sitcommay bloody moammar khadafy beginning libyan democracynyc libyans celebrate khadafy death libyans york rejoiced thursday news ousted dictator ...pan am 103 vic sis khadafy death  true justice  sister victim 1988 lockerbie bombing ju...the mr. october    rebel found khadafy sportscaprtvideo ex libyan leader moammar khadafy captured  killed libya  (warning graphic images)rtearly game khadafy ice; bachmann skids | york daily newsmoammar khadafy dead libya witnesses cell phones play key role ... aliyah shahid libyans ce...
rtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtno uniformed police visible. choppers.  ows. crowd approaching houstonrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrt "ows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines lead   yeahno uniformed police visible. choppers.  ows. crowd approaching houstonrtrtno uniformed police visible. choppers.  ows. crowd approaching houstonoccupynashville reports recently arrived suv carrying uniformed  tennessee national guard inside.  ows  usdorrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines lead
rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtwhere? union sq? rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsis happen?  tear gas? rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owstown supervisor tony bedford calls cuomo tax cap "tone deaf" "disingenuous " mounting frustration statewide.rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   ows"please aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   ows" gi joe them?
rtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtrtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreetrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtrtrtsecond journalist fired participating  occupywallstreet  //  p2  p21rtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesoccupywallstnyc rtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiessnowtober didn cause power outages; zombies did. nypd reported burning zombies les.  nyc  everymanforhimselfrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombies
on rain conspiracy theorist  don trust nj  ck clouds xrs hudson  lolrtytcracker   living america byvia  soundcloud   ows  occupywallstreet  starbucksyogurtrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdoris solar power feasible? getting cold/cloudy?  needsoftheoccupiersrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorkeenum 9 td passes  no. 18 houston beats rice clouds rolled rain inevitable ...  (via nyt)rtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdormtoccupyoakland vid navy uniform walking cloud gas w/ vets peace flagrtmore flashbangs. clouds teargas moving broadway.  occupyoakland  owscollegefootball keenum 9 td passes  no. 18 houston beats rice clouds rolled rain inev...italian officials eu leaders allowing personal disdain berlusconi cloud judgment italyrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorcan change color clouds ..for rainy days..the black clouds ugly
rt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows""we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows"rt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrtrtabout thousand people streets dancing 14th bdwy streets shut  occupyoakland  owsrtmy mom bankruptcy foreclosure. simchat torah birthday. celebrated dancing torah  occupywallstreet.  owsdancing stars  week 7 recap rob kardashian catches jr  nancy ... joyce chen cheryl rob ...rt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owschaz bono blasts  disrespectful   dancing stars  judges ...rt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows
glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...
rt“nyc   confirmed. trying cage using mesh.   occupywallst  occupytogether"  occupyarrests  standwithoaklandrtofficial veterans peace statement regarding occupy incident oakland   standwithoakland  usdor  owsrtrtrti  standwithoakland am protesting police america into.  ows  usdorrtofficial veterans peace statement regarding occupy incident oakland   standwithoakland  usdor  owsrtwith 57  occupyarrests total arrests stand 2750 please  standwithoakland  scottolson  occupywallst  iamscottolsenrtadding 182  occupyarrests total  2693.  occupywallst  occupyoakland  standwithoakland  owsrtadding 182  occupyarrests total  2693.  occupywallst  occupyoakland  standwithoakland  owsrt“nyc   confirmed. trying cage using mesh.   occupywallst  occupytogether"  occupyarrests  standwithoaklandrtrti am hoping civil society libya  someday  oakland.  ows  occupywallst  standwithoaklandrti am hoping civil society libya  someday  oakland.  ows  occupywallst  standwithoaklandrtadding 182  occupyarrests total  2693.  occupywallst  occupyoakland  standwithoakland  owsrtrti  standwithoakland am protesting police america into.  ows  usdorrt3  occupyarrestsso current police violence arrests  occupynashville  standwithoakland  scottolson  occupywallstrt3  occupyarrestsso current police violence arrests  occupynashville  standwithoakland  scottolson  occupywallstrtstands oakland. tell  standwithoakland.  occupyboston  solidarity  occupyoaklandrtrti  standwithoakland am protesting police america into.  ows  usdorwe love  mtthe march 2000 strong.  standwithoakland backup. herertplaza  people starting gather. grass fenced off. 4 ga @ 6   occupyoakland  standwithoakland  owssome pics great.  occupyoakland  standwithoakland  occupyrtrtus totally opposes brutal crackdowns popular uprisings  except happen here.  ows  standwithoaklandrtstandwithdenver  standwithoakland  standwithnashville  standtogether  solidarity
rtour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>>>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>>>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>>>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>>>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdor>> 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>    occupy graphic  usdorpls rt>>>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorpls rt>>>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorour 1st amend right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdor
rtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtnypd redirecting drunks loonies  ows – straight cia’s dirty tricks playbook“columnist nypd encouraging drunks 2 join occupiers   doesnt anymore insane  collective insanityrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtdrunks encouraged “take  zuccotti” byofficers who’d found drinking parks   owsrtrt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks ar...occupy nypd sending drunks discredit group? | veracity stewrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parknypd sends drunks/homeless occupy wall street discredit movement. kicked   re 99% too. haha"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall street     via   owsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsdrunk driver caught 3 tires  1 baby island arrested son a...rtnypd reportedly sending drunks & criminals  occupywallstreet  ows  destroy  occupy movement   youtubert"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreport nypd steers drunks occupy wall street     via   owssee  featured comment  zapfino mtis nypd sending drunk homeless ppl 2  occupywallstreet?   ows
rtrtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord...rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"pls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtrtrtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord...rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.
peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head   proteste...rthuge employer  walmart makes major cuts employee  healthcare benefits.   ows  occupytogether  99percent  idontsupportpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headpeter schiff  occupywallstreet ‘walmart doesn’t hold gun head ’ – government “dd corporatio...peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head   outpacing former comptroller g...peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headrthuge employer  walmart makes major cuts employee  healthcare benefits.   ows  occupytogether  99percent  idontsupportpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head   outpacing former comptroller g...rtpeter schiff occupywallstreet walmart doesnt hold gun headpeter schiff peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headonline car hire  peter schiff  occupywallstreet walmart doesnt hold gun head   governmentpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headlmaort“cops hunt perv caught snapping upskirt pics walmart  lol desi crazylatest news  peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head   reason tv s...peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head     peter_schifflol rt“cops hunt perv caught snapping upskirt pics walmart  lol desi crazypeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head   outpacing former comptroller g...peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head
rtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertpeople & power   koch brothers   corporationsarenotpeoplerttweet fb fed congress on? people terrorists?  usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplerttweet fb fed congress on? people terrorists?  usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplerttweet fb fed congress on? people terrorists?  usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplephase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeopletweet fb fed congress on? people terrorists?  usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplephase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeopletweet fb fed congress on? people terrorists?  usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertpeople & power   koch brothers   corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplerttweet fb fed congress on? people terrorists?  usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplerttweet fb fed congress on? people terrorists?  usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplerttweet fb fed congress on? people terrorists?  usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeople
rtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaows
rttelegraph reportinghas running fleet tech spy planes met police auth knowing
rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"
rtrt thinkshould announce proposals  peoplesmic closed doors ht ...supercommittee balls  stop cutting aid poor sick  raise taxes millionairesscientists unveil  super broccoli ; veggie hybrid contains heart health ... ap beneforte super broccoli wa...rtwatchsalon secrets stolen    products salon supermodel hair ny1.occupyla   superior courts los angeles served  stop stealing homes     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  occupytogetherchina unveils supercomputer based own chips (nyt)rtit broccoli    scientifically engineered hybrid super broccoli   try it?rtneighborhood joint park slope brooklyn superhero supply company  villains allowedmtconfirmed 147 comps form interconnectd "super entity" 40% world wealth   ows  p2rtows halloween march live  superheros vs economic villians rtrtwhen yr & force superior hold   violence means 2 build movement.  usdor  owscute "orange" kittygiants time move super modelby time monotone repetitions provision finished  dead anyway.new york city boasts superrich  fat cats  nation  reportnew york city boasts superrich  fat cats  nation  reportrtthis protest mtlive gracie mansion mayor bloomberg dining w/ super committeetown supervisor tony bedford calls cuomo tax cap "tone deaf" "disingenuous " mounting frustration statewide.> york city boasts superrich  fat cats  nation  report  ;^}rtrtrtmayor bloomberg dinner super committee cut fed spending.   owsthe super committee  rich people dissing future. time change..  occupywallstreet
rtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreetrtny cops defy arrest 100s  occupyalbany protesters   occupywallstreet  owsrtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreetrtrtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreetmtbreaking police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreet  occupylr  solidarityrtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   owsrtrtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreetsense occurring rtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreetrtw00t  rtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreetrtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreetrtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreet | awesome   :drtrtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreetrtrtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupybostonrtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreet vrtrtget shout  occupyalbany kicking tomorrow noon lafayette park?  ows  usdorrtrtget shout  occupyalbany kicking tomorrow noon lafayette park?  ows  usdorrtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters    ...but nypd?rtrtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreetrtsense occurring rtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreetrtrtbreaking news police refuse arrest  occupyalbany protesters   ows  occupywallstreetsilver  occupyalbany protesters don call  cuomo "gov. 1%" | york daily news

rtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsgood journalism re  fox rtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtflouting? woman? rtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  ows  maddow  tffs  countdown  p2rtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtflouting? woman? rtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsi wanna sign saying "i didnt return library book" rtny1 anchor instructed camerman "get flouting law."  owsrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsflouting? woman? rtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsnypd chief ray kelly "i ve instructed officers treat threat wall st direct threat nypd. "  wtf
rtfdny exemplifies human spirit  reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police  chilling  owsrtrtwhere joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship  china   longreadsrtthis chilling  > breitbart  occupywallstreet “hamas playbook”rtdown  occupywallstreet bone chilling rain. day 41rtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtdown  occupywallstreet bone chilling rain. day 41where internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadswhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship chinartwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtchilling footage protesters fired tear gas  occupyoakland  viartdown  occupywallstreet bone chilling rain. day 41rtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtdown  occupywallstreet bone chilling rain. day 41rtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtthis chilling  > breitbart  occupywallstreet “hamas playbook”
golf adjusts penalties  centuries   newyorktimesgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesnews golf adjusts penalties  centuriesgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...rtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...news golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body t...   nytimesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body much...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body muc...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...


rtyou re secretive?  name runs twitter feed? name website owner?rtgoing 1 police plaza? rtcrowd outruns police corner bway cedar waits rest march.  owsrtopenly gay national guard brian carroll runs office colorado   lgbt  tolerance  ows  usdor  october2011  p2unfortunately  economy directly tied in2who runs  companies  newspapers  media  wh effects  military agenda   ows  occupywallstreetrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupiersenator sanders wall street runs government   p2  ows  usdor  sep17  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtgoing 1 police plaza? rtcrowd outruns police corner bway cedar waits rest march.  owsrtgoing 1 police plaza? rtcrowd outruns police corner bway cedar waits rest march.  owsrtyou re secretive?  name runs twitter feed? name website owner?rtgoing 1 police plaza? rtcrowd outruns police corner bway cedar waits rest march.  owsrtinvestigation bernie sanders ws runs government      rtamericans  takewallstreet  owsrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierwhoever runs account incompetantwhat?  mayor you?  nyc  bloomberg runs candy  halloween.  occupygraciemansion  owsrtdeaf raped  occupywallstreet protest  : breitbart.tvrtinvestigation bernie sanders ws runs government      rtamericans  takewallstreet  owsrtrtmarch runs netting. worth.  owsrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtzeinab runs rafi corner  libertyplaza. received $700+ tix  nypd  sep17. help out? how?rtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupier
rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorself entitled jackass. "oh homeless died tent cold  whereas money  hilarious "rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtoccupywallstreet isn 99%  re 1%  richest 1%  entitled  whiny  uninformed  smelly  unemployable  useless 1%.rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"ok. don follow trolls. entitled opinion  disagree them.oh well. entitled opinion  disagree it.rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdor
.i buying vpd spending exactly amount nypd  occupy?rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rtncaa approve giving additional cash student athletes. schools offer athletes spending money?another dispatch department debunking conventional wisdom "it’s consumer spending  stupid"heres crazy idea people; stop spending days acting homeless outside buildings  getajob  notthatdifficultmedicine shortages addressed obama executive   healthspending viarti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rtrtrtmayor bloomberg dinner super committee cut fed spending.   owsrti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rtstop consumption  stop spending  start revolution    boycottfridayrtrtmayor bloomberg dinner super committee cut fed spending.   owsi cite consumer spending  stupidrti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.report evil corrupt selfish house gop’s ‘job creating’ spending cuts destroyed 370 000 jobsrtstop consumption  stop spending  start revolution    boycottfridayspending  halloween occupy wall st nyc   live streaming video    owsspending doesn healthier    understand spend health care  ...consumer spending increased september incomes remain ... decline 1.4 ...consumer spending increased september incomes remain ... decline 1.4 ...

the york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtquè caram esperem? fins tot peces barba ens ajudaria  "battle lines drawn catalonia"   anarhianant  catalunyartthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .què caram esperem? fins tot peces barba ens ajudaria  "battle lines drawn catalonia"   anarhianant  catalunyartthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .
oct. 21  1879 | thomas edison lights lamp   york times (blog) york times (blog)oct. 21  1879 | thom...[edunews] learning network blog oct. 28  1886 | statue liberty unveiledtheater listings oct. 21 27 selected guide theater performances york.rtfri. oct. 28 kuffiyeh day  occupywallstreet solidarity palestinian political  prisoners.   ows pleasethe development puzzling oct. 4 disappearance little girl light police af...states emergency declared rare october winter storm slams tri york (cbsnewyork/ap) – a rare oct...nytimes battle libya | oct. 20  2011rtaug.2011 live uws b/c "seems middle class." oct.2011 buys $11.7m vlg penthouse.rtoct. 21 updates  occupywallstreet by(featuring)...spare times children oct. 28 nov. 3   york timesspare times children oct. 28 nov. 3   york timesthat oct. 13 rtoccupy wall street braces nypd crackdown gothamistrtrtwanted questioning regards homicide oct. 16 12 st/ave c. call 800 577 tips.  09pctdtn usa lottery york  jersey connecticut lottery oct. 26  2011.rtrhymes resin tour.....sept17 oct.29th.....2011.  go?  think?  tonight in...oct. 28  1886 statue liberty unveiled. (new york times) bloga tv reportertold save hard "d" batteries month hurricane. oct. snow + power outage?oct. 26 updates  occupywallstreet by(featuring)   viaoct. 21  1879 | thomas edison lights lamp oct. 21  1879  thomas edison devised workable electric light...news quiz | oct. 28  2011 news day.on education learning network blog news quiz | oct. 28  2011
rtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjvictory friends boardwalk  nyc design commission stops coney island concretewalk. video viartthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtrt believe "president" cronies plannedto save worthless hides 2012.rtvictory friends boardwalk  nyc design commission stops coney island concretewalk. video viabball tourney game 2morro vs nypd    victory  ateamrtjoin thevictory march  integrity   yea re marching toda… (cont)victory american people  rise  rise   30 cops vs marine   feb17  libya  report  americanspring  occupywallstreet"occupy wall street achieved stunning victory – victory easy overlook  impossible...rtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjpenn coach joe paterno earns record 409th victory paterno coached halves games f...rtthe stunning victory occupy wall street achieved   ows  p2rtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjhaggerty conviction seen victory manhattan dastaten island staten island expy w/b & victory blvd mva pin  multiple victims extricated  1 doa. nypd ai team scene.rtmaryhill resident  thrilled  student sit victory  (cont)rtvictory friends boardwalk  nyc design commission stops coney island concretewalk. video viartthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtbank fee debacle  occupywallstreet victory   ows  99percent
rtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebaythe california resale royalties act.  artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay&quot;artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebaynews artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay   nyt  nytimes  newsartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...artists sue sotheby’s  christie’s ebay royalties. sorry  fellow artists  law bullshit.artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...rtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...news artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits bro...   nytimeschuck close class action lawsuit brought sotheby’s  christie’s & ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...rtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits have...artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits bee...
rtoccupynashville threat eviction. live   contact nashville authorities. rtjudge tells cops "you lawful basis arrest  occupynashville  protesters "  thank ...occupywallstreet  real home ??   ows  occupyatlanta  occupynashville  occupychicago  occupynj  occupydenvernashville judge releases  occupynashville arrestees citing constitutional reason arrests.  ows  occupyoakland  net4change  usdoroccupynashville  protesters arrested 2nd straight night (abc news)   ows  occupytogether  usdor  worldcantwaitrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandstate tells  occupynashville permit  liability insurance   occupywallstreet  owsrtcall nashville mayor karl dean (615) 862 6000 & remind constitutional 2 assemble  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  owsrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandoccupynashville curfew revoked federal judge. gov haslam  owsprogress  ows  occupywallstreetows  occupywallstreet  occupydc  occupyatl  occupymn  occupynashville  ban  boycott 2take  power people. ban going2  moviesrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtyou re winning government breaking laws re not.  ows  occupydenver  occupynashville  occupywallstreetrtoccupymedia occupy nashville getting raided   owsrtkeep eye  occupyoakland  occupyaustin  occupynashville tonite. police situation getting tense.  occupywallst  owsrtit appears nashville security forces preparing deploy lrad  earplugs  occupynashville asap  ows  usdor  globalrevolutionrtkeep eye  occupyoakland  occupyaustin  occupynashville tonite. police situation getting tense.  occupywallst  owsoccupynashville help  vote front page pollquestion :is illegal tear gas residential area"ty ty ty
govmnt goes broke borrow $. citizens broke (cont)rtbrooklyn black market kidney broker pleads guilty selling israeli organs de..rtnypd finally admit police broke rules pepper spraying ~rtblack market kidney broker pleads guilty hawking israeli organs desperate americansoliver stone direct hbo film based  power broker   1974 book ...   york daily newsnba breaks labor negotiations nba labor talks broke thursday night third straight day neg...black market kidney broker pleads guilty brooklyn pleaded guilty thursday black market kidney ...re nypd cops crying cops broke law indicted couldn happen bunch @$$holes. rtrtrtoccupyoakland reports occupiers prison broken hands  nlg  ows  usdorrtrtnypd finally admit police broke rules pepper spray...   gfw  fuckgfw  vpnnypd brought cat found 77 varet st  tail broken bleeding. affectionate be...nba breaks labor negotiations nba labor talks broke thursday night third straight day o...   nbartblack market kidney broker pleads guiltynypd pretty awesome. fight broke block. 3 minutes 10 police cars here.black market kidney broker pleads guilty brooklyn pleaded guilty thursday black market kidney ...rt"the story broke" takes wall st & government (video) rtows  occupywallstrtrtrtoccupy camps nashville san diego broken   occupytogether  owshopefully oliver stone doesn fuck up. rtoliver stone direct hbo  power brokerhe weak ass mayor broke ass city. rtgotham newark’s troubles dim mayor cory a. booker’s starrtprotests capitalism ‘nearly broken’   bloomberg  viaows   ourwallstreetrtbrooklyn black market  kidney broker pleads guilty selling israeli organs desperate americans ..
rtradio host broadcast npr fired involvment occupy wall street protests freelance radio host ...bloomberg won ban horse drawn carriages  cares money. broadways sky scrapers etc nuf?here | nytimes europe closes broad plan save eurosounds herald square fdny/nypd activity related fire 31st/broadway.rt92 yr pete seeger marching broadway aid canes singing riverside.  powerful. ows  occupywallstreetrtprotesters nypd kettling net. marines lead  broadway swarmedrtrtbreaking  occupyoakland protesters gathering 14th broadway afte...rtrtopd trying kettle 14th broadway. people. st...here image earlier convoy nypd scooters riding parallel protesters broadway.  owsellen stewart  91  broadway pioneer  diesoccupyoakland arch basically allowed centre broadway police. nypd tend marchers sidewalk  occupywallstrtnypd lost control up. huge mass walking traffic broadway  owsrtows  occupywallst broadway  people joining march  uniformed marines leadnytimes europe closes broad plan save euroradio host broadcast npr fired involvment occupy wall street protests freelance radio host ...rtask michael  tell terrible move (i did).  ows broadly supported   backlashwhat wa bond st. & broadway  ? people marching  ?europe closes broad plan save eurortincredible night : ) “we own broadway cus bagpipes. marines  occupywallstreetrtif wanna murder sum1 shud join the.  nypdrton broadway   cars south chambers  occupywallst

rtconnect dots ’02   nypd training  israel ; 9  spying nyc muslims exposedrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsexposed written anarchist  anti capitalism ‘occupied wall street journal’  viausdor  ows  p2rtpeople & power   koch brothers   corporationsarenotpeoplertwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtrtfraudulent defense contractors paid $1 trillion (pdf)   usdorrtthe  real reason  nato attacking  libya exposed   usdor  ows  antibanks  feliz15o ? ronpaul2012  ocupythefedrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enf...rtconnect dots ’02  nypd training israel; 9  spying nyc muslims exposedyeah  act happen.  duh   ... exposed forlies.  lolrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters?  ows exposed militarization police
rtrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityrtthere real criminal element pervading  occupywallstreet. check   ows  occupykidsrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityrtrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityrtrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityrtthere real criminal element pervading  occupywallstreet. check   ows  occupykidsrtthere real criminal element pervading  occupywallstreet. check   ows  occupykids:)“rtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. community ”rta month ago arrested megaphone  libertyplaza.  200  occupykids sit cross legged stood.rtthere real criminal element pervading  occupywallstreet. check   ows  occupykidsrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps  kitchen buzzing. laptops churning. communityrtthere real criminal element pervading  occupywallstreet. check   ows  occupykids“rtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. community ”rtthere real criminal element pervading  occupywallstreet. check   ows  occupykidsrtthere real criminal element pervading  occupywallstreet. check   ows  occupykidsrtrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityrtrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityrtrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityrtrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. community
rtthere  snow soros contract"snowstorm forces occupiers parents basements.  occupywallst  ows"rtcleanup continues wake pre halloween snowstormrare snowstorm tests resolve wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  alarabiyawintry mix dumps record snow york rare october snowstorm socked east coast saturday  setting sno...early snowstorm hits east coastsurprise snowfall hits northeast  breaks records nyc knocks power ... rare october snowstorm socke...rtrtmettle occupy wall street protesters tested snowstorm    ny daily newswintry mix dumps record snow york rare october snowstorm socked east coast saturday  setting sno...occupy movement  legal victories  winter   occupywallstreetows  snowstorm  nycrtrtnypda removes generators  ows. ouch  snowstorm.   kudos nypdviamettle  occupywallstreet protesters tested snowstorm.   owsmettle occupy wall street protesters tested snowstorm   york daily newsmettle  occupywallst protesters tested  snowstorm  soros vanjones & michael moore warm  suckersmettle occupy wall street protesters tested snowstorm   york daily newsrare october snowstorm forces school closings halloween york (cbsnewyork) – weekend’s unusual weath...rtnypda removes generators  ows. ouch  snowstorm.   kudos nypdrtglad nyc deal snowstorm.  unfair  occupywallst troops. hope tents holdwintry mix dumps record snow york rare october snowstorm socked east coast saturday  setting sno...we re snowstorm  hard maintain electricity loss generators. solar due snow   owsnba snowstorm knocks power 2m  kills rare october snowstorm socked east coast saturda...   netsrtbloomberg plows street advance snowstorm snap  ows generators quick
rti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrt‘the design symbols’  steven heller / york times ›  (?/)  brand/ing  logo  designrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysi using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essays
rtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtwisconsin police state. (video)   ows  usdorrtdafuck  pepper spraying propulsion spray? ?  rtnbc news report (video)  occupydenverrtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rti ag  81   rtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtdafuck  pepper spraying propulsion spray? ?  rtnbc news report (video)  occupydenverrt ows roughed nypd  support movement americans  ows  occupywallstreet  (video)seems times. “pete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtwisconsin police state. (video)   ows  usdorrt"the story broke" takes wall st & government (video) rtows  occupywallstrtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)a day life  occupywallstreet participant (video)  hypocrisy elite larvae  owsrtwisconsin police state. (video)   ows  usdorrtdafuck  pepper spraying propulsion spray? ?  rtnbc news report (video)  occupydenverofon streets  occupyoakland filming police assault peaceful protesters (video)   owsrtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)

rtrtex goldman sachs director surrender fbi weds criminal insider t...rtnypd cops expected surrenderrtrtpic 139 guns surrendered nypd manhattan church buy back.  cashforgunsticket fix scandal officers expected surrender seventeen police officers indicted massive bronx ticke...rtnypd officers surrender allegedly helping friends avoid paying tickets   ows  usdormt:ex goldmn sachs dir surrender 2 fbi  2 criminal  charges   occupyrva  ows*perfect example* » rtticket fix scandal officers expected surrenderrt17 cops nypd ticket fixing scandal expected begin surrendering thursday nightnypd cops expected surrender shortly criminal charges ticket fixing investigation. story/vide...   bkrtrtpic 139 guns surrendered nypd manhattan church buy back.  cashforgunsassholes. rt17 cops nypd ticket fixing scandal begin surrendering thursday nightrtex goldman sachs director surrender fbi weds criminal insider trading related chargesoccupywallstreet  2012vote  grayson  class warfare vs. class surrender  viawe surrender constitutional rights fascist police depts goptp thugsrt16 officers surrender ticket fixingrtrtpic 139 guns surrendered nypd manhattan church buy back.  cashforgunsi hope rank file  cops realize bosses exposed nypd cops expected surrenderrtnypd cops expected surrenderrtpic 139 guns surrendered nypd manhattan church buy back.  cashforgunsrtpic 139 guns surrendered nypd manhattan church buy back.  cashforgunsnypd cops expected surrender shortly criminal charges ticket fixing investigation. story/video
rtlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclelight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecircle
rtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 10% complete ?????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdor   protest  anonrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtoccupywallstreet 10% sunday.  gangstajesusrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrt:stock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.  ...rtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 10% complete ?????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdor   protest  anonrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 10% complete ?????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdor   protest  anonrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 10% complete ?????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdor   protest  anonrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 10% complete ?????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdor   protest  anon
rtdeposed libyan leader moammar khadafy dead reportcol. muammar el qaddafi  1942 2011 muammar el qaddafi  libyan dictator  dead 69rtlibyan leader’s remark favoring polygamy stirs angerlibyan gaddafi 18 yankees hat  news  slackers comparisonwall street protests short film  absolutely incredible compare libyan revolution.  occupywallstreetmay bloody moammar khadafy beginning libyan democracylibyan rebels claim intel docs linking qaddafi ba athist coup iraq.... hmmmnyc libyans celebrate khadafy death libyans york rejoiced thursday news ousted dictator ...rtvideo ex libyan leader moammar khadafy captured  killed libya  (warning graphic images)rtabc news reports libyan leader moammar gadhafi deadmoammar khadafy dead libya witnesses cell phones play key role ... aliyah shahid libyans ce...says  gadhafi death encourage syria  yemen  & bahrain.  libyans ready forgive.rtobama libyans "you won revolution."except enemy entire human race. curious  libyans opinion?video ex libyan leader moammar khadafy captured  killed libya  (warning graphic images)i guess official. rtofficial libyan leader gadhafi killed convoyrtnytimes qaddafi dead  libyan officialsrtal jazeera acquires exclusive footage body former libyan leader muammar  gaddafi   nsfw  libyaoh good. thousand extra libyans slaughtered. nato intervention game changer. wake up.region revolt libyan conflict  european power britain france stood forefront assi...ah  results arab spring "libyan leader’s remark favoring polygamy stirs anger"
rtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows”rtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows
shoreline occupy takes branford green today. please think...owsronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...“8 foot  100 lbs  lego washes florida shore  news worth sharingronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...“8 foot  100 lbs  lego washes florida shore   wonder actually sent sea. awesomejersey shore  stars ronnie sammi splitronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...rtoccupy  "give tired  poor  huddled masses yearning breathe free  wretched refuse teeming shore."  owsronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro....will hcwdbs granting scholarships attend "jersey shore studies"?ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...beavis & butthead goof jersey shore  16 & pregnant twilight. hell. to. the. yes.rt8 foot  100 lbs  lego washes florida shore
suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...dtn usa suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehi...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...rtrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six mis...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...news suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles ...   nytimessuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan   suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pakis...rtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six mis...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missile...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missil...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles at...   teamfollowbacksuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...
rtpeople 99% city people hear shouts  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% shout 99%   corner city   globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% shout  99%    street alley  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% march   shout  99%    street  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% march   shout  99%    alley  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% march   shout  99%    city  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% march   shout  99%    town    globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% march   shout  99%    countries   globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% march   & shout  99%    world   globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentthanks tofor shout daily news fantasy blogrtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan shouting vainrtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan  armenia zurabyan shout  othersrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupy““big shout toyou guys waking world (cont)rtget shout occupy albany kicking tomorrow noon lafayette park?rtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupyrtrtget shout  occupyalbany kicking tomorrow noon lafayette park?  ows  usdorrtbig shout toyou guys waking world people ones power   standunited  occupy
rtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormrtexcellent rtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial storm.over "super" mario draghi   ex mit  ex basketbal  ex wereldbank  ex fsb  ex goldman sachs en nu koning ecbexcellent rtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormnytimes mario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormun italiano en la corte de la soberana merkel..."mario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormrtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormrtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial storm“mario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormrtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormrtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormrtexcellent rtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormdetailed background ecb presidentmario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormrtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormmario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormrtexcellent rtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormrtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormmario draghi  eye europe’s financial storm mario draghi reins european central...interesting  slightly disconcerting bio draghi "mario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormrtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial stormrtmario draghi  eye europe’s financial storm


rtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtoccupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeup fuck off.  owsrtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtoccupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeup fuck off.  owsrtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeupcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtoccupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeup fuck off.  owsrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeupoccupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeup fuck off.  owsrtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtoccupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeup fuck off.  ows
rturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtsos  occupywallst assistance  provide materials shelter  call autumn 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersoccupywallstreet  socialmedia | scoop.it   ows  activism  15m  protestrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtmtsos  occupywallst assistance. provide materials shelter  call autumn 585 730 0050  needsoftheoccupiersrtsos  occupywallst assistance  provide materials shelter  call autumn 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiers
rtoccupynashville threat eviction. live   contact nashville authorities. rtjudge tells cops "you lawful basis arrest  occupynashville  protesters "  thank ...occupywallstreet  real home ??   ows  occupyatlanta  occupynashville  occupychicago  occupynj  occupydenvernashville judge releases  occupynashville arrestees citing constitutional reason arrests.  ows  occupyoakland  net4change  usdoroccupynashville  protesters arrested 2nd straight night (abc news)   ows  occupytogether  usdor  worldcantwaitrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandstate tells  occupynashville permit  liability insurance   occupywallstreet  owsrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandoccupynashville curfew revoked federal judge. gov haslam  owsprogress  ows  occupywallstreetows  occupywallstreet  occupydc  occupyatl  occupymn  occupynashville  ban  boycott 2take  power people. ban going2  moviesrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtyou re winning government breaking laws re not.  ows  occupydenver  occupynashville  occupywallstreetrtkeep eye  occupyoakland  occupyaustin  occupynashville tonite. police situation getting tense.  occupywallst  owsrtit appears nashville security forces preparing deploy lrad  earplugs  occupynashville asap  ows  usdor  globalrevolutionrtkeep eye  occupyoakland  occupyaustin  occupynashville tonite. police situation getting tense.  occupywallst  owsoccupynashville help  vote front page pollquestion :is illegal tear gas residential area"ty ty tyrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtpetition tn gov.to stop eviction  occupynashville  occupy  ows   occupywallst
dear occupywallst protesters tweeting status iphone? broughttoyoubycapitalism bss
nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence york    union representing 5 000 york ...nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  viaows nypd sergeants threaten sue  ows protesters injured occupiersdtn indonesia nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence york    union representing ...nypd sergeants union  blasts protesters oakland violence     bizarro worldrtows nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence (the huffington post) yo...   usrevolutionnypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  viaedmullins  pres.  nypd sergeants benevolent assoc. assures demonstrators  "we ll beat ya  ll sue ya "   onycrtunf*ckingbelievable  >>  nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  vianypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violencenypd sergeants threaten sue wall street  protesters   humanrights  violated  democracy  dead  americanypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  viareally? too.unf*ckingbelievable  >>  nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  viartunf*ckingbelievable  >>  nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  viaows nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence (the huffington post) ... a...   occupyviolenceows nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence (the huffington post) yo...   usrevolutionnypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence york    union representing…nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  (via)politics nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violencertunf*ckingbelievable  >>  nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  viacriminal  nypd sergeants union blasts protesters  oakland violence   ows  usdor
rtlet  rtmarch police brutality tomorrow @ 2pm @ union square  occupywallstreet //   owsrtby 2pm  central park measured 1.3 inches snowrtlet  rtmarch police brutality tomorrow @ 2pm @ union square  occupywallstreet //   owsrtby 2pm  central park measured 1.3 inches snowrtby 2pm  central park measured 1.3 inches snowpls  occupy ventura marches @ 12pm 4pm 8pm 10/29 starting @ city hall 520 poli st ventura ca movenew york news 2pm  central park measured 1.3 inches snow12hr sing song..hbo doc. activist harry belafonte @ bmcc   sat 29th ..12pm 12am guyshonor muamar gadaffi 12pm 10.22  harlem”  youve fucking kidding peoplehidangerrangers airs  saturday 12pm station  rt?  newyorkrtlet  rtmarch police brutality tomorrow @ 2pm @ union square  occupywallstreet //   owsrtby 2pm  central park measured 1.3 inches snowrtunion march begins afl cio tx hq 1106 lavaca 12pm.  needsoftheoccupiers water  fruit  snack bars  gatorades 5011 e. cesar chavezi vote march hour...or @ 8am  12pm  & 4pm... stop walking up/down wall $t...  owsrtunion march begins afl cio tx hq 1106 lavaca 12pm.  needsoftheoccupiers water  fruit  snack bars  gatorades 5011 e. cesar chavezi liberty plaza storm brewing. emergency meeting scheduled 2pm.   hits fan  owswe 80% livestream 2pm.  stay tuned  changes ll know.  owsrtby 2pm  central park measured 1.3 inches snowrtobama speak khadafy death 2pm. follow minute minute live coverage former dictator death.rtobama speak khadafy death 2pm. follow minute minute live coverage former dictator death.rtlet  rtmarch police brutality tomorrow @ 2pm @ union square  occupywallstreet //   ows
goat cheese stuffed chicken breast white  engine 238/ladder 134 rockaway  lost finals...consider people send items military surplus stores nyc. carry heavy duty stuff.it stuff  believing true love rtthis truly amazingworking real nyc dim sum chef peter lee stuffs folds ... watch peter lee dumplings b...working real nyc dim sum chef peter lee stuffs folds ...rtsunday routine | david kaplan sundays  museum director time daughter guy stuffcap trade sweating stuff   york times (blog)goat cheese stuffed chicken breastgreen blog california air board sweats stuff cap tradecap trade sweating stuffrtfriend con con amendment useless w/o banning corruptible voting machines.  people hack stuff?  usdori talking pretending help heroes edl don t. stuff that.rtthey ve stuffed net garbage can. cars honk  solidarity. seriously diminished 100 bway.  owsrtnew site  supporters  occupy ppl stuff.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtgreen blog california air board sweats stuff cap tradegreen blog california air board sweats stuff cap tradecap trade sweating stuff.fbarringer tribute mary nichols & carb staffrtfriend con con amendment useless w/o banning corruptible voting machines.  people hack stuff?  usdorrttold ya :p rtholy crap   supposedly  normal   officerfriendlies stuff?need stuff? post items occupy wish list folks donate...    needsoftheoccupiershoping stuff sunday. cc
rtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebaythe california resale royalties act.  artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay&quot;artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebaynews artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay   nyt  nytimes  newsartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...artists sue sotheby’s  christie’s ebay royalties. sorry  fellow artists  law bullshit.artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...rtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...news artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits bro...   nytimeschuck close class action lawsuit brought sotheby’s  christie’s & ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...rtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits have...artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits bee...
rtthisrtmuslim friday prayers w/tom 1pm liberty park  ows  occupywallstreet  solidaritymtamy goodman+chris hedges discuss  ows onat 11pm edt nyc.   ows  usdorrtrtmuslim friday prayers w/tom 1pm liberty parkthe protest start 1pm rally harlem office building. 1:30 march nypd 28th  precinct west 123rd  owsmuslim friday prayers @ 1pm @ liberty parkmuslim friday prayers w/tom 1pm liberty parkowsjewish service held w/& tom 1pm muslim services held @ liberty parkjewish service held @  occupywallst & tom 1pm muslim services @ liberty parkcoexsistrtmic check   bk pride2 drop wisdom tomorrow  muslim prayer services 2 follow @ zuccotti park 1pm.  ows  occupywallstrtgetting ready  occupywebbwilkow 10am 1pm. believe conservatives broadcasting live  ows?  occupywallst  teapartyrtgetting ready  occupywebbwilkow 10am 1pm. believe conservatives broadcasting live  ows?  occupywallst  teapartyrtrtjewish service held @  occupywallst & tom 1pm muslim services @ liberty park ...thisrtmuslim friday prayers w/tom 1pm liberty park  ows  occupywallstreet  solidarityrt&occupy  occupywallstreet saturday 10am 1pm onpatriot 125rtmuslim friday prayers @ 1pm @ liberty parkrtthisrtmuslim friday prayers w/tom 1pm liberty park  ows  occupywallstreet  solidarityrtmuseums w/ free pay hours sunday include the(11am 1pm.) listrtbuy r/t ticket "meadowlands" @ lirr ticket machines b4 boarding  sunday 1pm giants dolphins @ meadowlands.rt&occupy  occupywallstreet saturday 10am 1pm onpatriot 125rtpeter & ann sansom  geoff hattersley & allison mcvety reading manchester city library oftoday. starts 1pm. freertso appears activist/protest events edinburgh tomorrow.  ukuncut 11  hardesthit 12  occupyedinburgh 1pm
rtrtaccording  nypd scanner 300 protesters @ union square park. paddy wagons ccrtnypd sweeping internal investigation  300 corruption  16 officers arrestedrtrtda office won dismiss charges 300+  ows protesters arrested brooklyn bridge & union square  ows lawyer says.rtrtaccording  nypd scanner 300 protesters @ union square park. paddy wagons cchere questionhas $300 000 & re donations coats  sleeping bags  cots  etc. why?rtrtda office won dismiss charges 300+  ows protesters arrested brooklyn bridge & union square  ows lawyer says.rtaccording  nypd scanner 300 protesters @ union square park. paddy wagons ccrtoccupycleveland police attack call third police district 2166235300 mayors office 2166643990rtrtaccording  nypd scanner 300 protesters @ union square park. paddy wagons ccrtrtda office won dismiss charges 300+  ows protesters arrested brooklyn bridge & union square  ows lawyer says.manhattan   100  nypd officers assigned deal 300 protesters @ union square park.  occupywallstreet  occupy (d88)rtrtda office won dismiss charges 300+  ows protesters arrested brooklyn bridge & union square  ows lawyer says.rtrtaccording  nypd scanner 300 protesters @ union square park. paddy wagons ccrtrtaccording  nypd scanner 300 protesters @ union square park. paddy wagons ccrtrtda office won dismiss charges 300+  ows protesters arrested brooklyn bridge & union square  ows lawyer says.rtrtaccording  nypd scanner 300 protesters @ union square park. paddy wagons ccrtmanhattan   100  nypd officers assigned deal 300 protesters @ union square park.  occupywallstreet  occupy (d88)rtrtrtfunny  occupywallstreet isn constantly trending...rtrturgent nyc  300 union square park.ows  occupytogether  occupyrtrtaccording  nypd scanner 300 protesters @ union square park. paddy wagons ccrtnypd sweeping internal investigation  300 corruption  16 officers arrested
rtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  ows"we replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  ows"rtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.   occupywallstreet  occupyrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.   occupywallstreet  occupyrtrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  ows

“graduates versus oligarchs  america ruled 1 % enormously rich & powerful oligarchy.graduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsgraduates versus oligarchs“graduates versus oligarchs   pse  eps  feuqrtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchs"so income inequality america oligarchs versus else. "  byowskrugman   graduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsp2 rtgraduates versus oligarchsthe 1% & 19% rtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsphoto police reaction armed tea party protests versus unarmed  peaceful  occupywallstreet protests.rtgraduates versus oligarchsgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchsrtgraduates versus oligarchs
rtuniversity hawaii astronomers capture direct image planet born   york daily newsrtuniversity hawaii astronomers capture direct image planet born   york daily newsafter capture pipe  displaying trophies warthailand offers bounty capture crocodiles bangkok braces major flooding  residents trying ...mace attack nypd officer captured slow motion  occu...  viapython florida captured  killed swallowed an entire deer everglades rtusing financial power capture civil & military power pass laws richer & silence dissent tyranny.  usdornytimes capture pipe  displaying trophies war omgimages planet formation captured hawaiian astronomerthailand offers bounty capture crocodilesrtvideo ex libyan leader moammar khadafy captured  killed libya  (warning graphic images): / ohio woman string  sneakers leads police 120 mph chase; dash cam captures bizarre arrestqaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captivated arab world  ...rtusing financial power capture civil & military power pass laws richer & silence dissent tyranny.  usdorreally cool university  hawaii astronomers capture direct image planet bornrthelp capture perv  nypd looking sicko quick thinking girl snapped photovideo ex libyan leader moammar khadafy captured  killed libya  (warning graphic images)rtusing financial power capture civil & military power pass laws richer & silence dissent...rtusing financial power capture civil & military power pass laws richer & silence disse...rtusing financial power capture civil & military power pass laws richer & silence dis...qaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captivated arab world  ...
rtproof police infiltrators & provocateurs     copwatch  occupyoakland  ows  occupyusa  occupywallstreet  the99%  usdorrtoccupyusa consensus ( directdemocracy @  occupywallstreet)      ows  occupytogether  99percent viarawvideo alexjohns  endthefed san antonio   ows  occupyoakland  occupywallst  occupyusa  anonyopswatch:davidduke occupy  zionist wallstreet   occupywallst  occupyoaklandoccupyalltogether  anonyops  fbrtproof police infiltrators & provocateurs     copwatch  occupyoakland  ows  occupyusa  occupywallstreet  the99%  usdorrtows socialismartnature  “i am 47% earn 17% male... socialismartnature  “i am t...   occupyusartproof police infiltrators & provocateurs     copwatch  occupyoakland  ows  occupyusa  occupywallstreet  the99%  usdorrtproof police infiltrators & provocateurs     copwatch  occupyoakland  ows  occupyusa  occupywallstreet  the99%  usdorrtrtdefending  teargas flier   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupyusa  occupytips  occupy  usdorrtproof police infiltrators & provocateurs     copwatch  occupyoakland  ows  occupyusa  occupywallstreet  the99%  usdorrtoccupyusa consensus ( directdemocracy @  occupywallstreet)      ows  occupytogether  99percent viartproof police infiltrators & provocateurs     copwatch  occupyoakland  ows  occupyusa  occupywallstreet  the99%  usdorrtnypd arrests  ows organizer     occupywallst  occupyusa  occupytogether  worldrevolution  29o  globalchange  occupyrtproof police infiltrators & provocateurs     copwatch  occupyoakland  ows  occupyusa  occupywallstreet  the99%  usdorrtactblue —  occupywallstreet yard signs    occupybaltimore  ows  taxes  usdor  occupy  unions  tarsands  occupyusartcatch wild day occupyusa blogrtows "my oakland poor people. there’s murder week. creeps pimp...   occupyusael estado fianciero por santiago niño becerra   occupywallstreet  15m  takethesquare  globalrevolution  15o  occupyusartproof police infiltrators & provocateurs     copwatch  occupyoakland  ows  occupyusa  occupywallstreet  the99%  usdorrtel estado fianciero por santiago niño becerra   occupywallstreet  15m  takethesquare  globalrevolution  15o  occupyusartrtformer ny sun editor accuses  nypd sending addicts  occupywallstreet   ows  occupyusa  occupy
tar heels challenges goal   newyorktimesnews tar heels challenges goalny times tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starte...tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...tar heels challenges goal   nyt  nytimes  newstar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...last time challenge mention  human  talk. challenges time ? ; )tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...rtoften homeless join camps. dif challenges  welcome fall protection.  usdor  owstarheels rttar heels challenges goaltar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...news tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five ...   nytimestar heels challenges goaltar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...rttar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns ...rttar heels challenges goalbudget  union challenges await mta chairmantar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns ...tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns all...rtphoto israeli soldier taunts palestinians challenges hit stone  seconds...rtburlington arcade retailer challenges architect peter marino’s plan antiques dealer leads campaign proposals
rtcbs helicopter cam appropriately goes police presence builds  occupywallstreet. déjà vu.  owsrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtcbs helicopter cam appropriately goes police presence builds  occupywallstreet. déjà vu.  owsrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtcbs helicopter cam appropriately goes police presence builds  occupywallstreet. déjà vu.  owsrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"nypd  told york times pepper spray deployed appropriately  immediately return request commentrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtcbs helicopter cam appropriately goes police presence builds  occupywallstreet. déjà vu.  owsrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdor
rtqaddafi’s death lessons arab spring  via hapyak41rtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springqaddafi’s death lessons arab spring   libyawhat spring? summer rtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springrtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springrtqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadrtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springrtqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadrtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springrtqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadqaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captivated arab world  ...rteditorial colonel qaddafi’srtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springqaddafi’s death lessons arab spring arab despots lost power  col. ...qaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captivated arab world  ...rtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springrtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springrtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springqaddafi’s death lessons  arabspringrtqaddafi’s death lessons arab spring
rtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades ap...rtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades a...rtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  ows
“croatia ex pm corruption trial  oh look   occupywallstreet  occupymelbourneabsurd. arrested jury trial. tie courts  convict?nop   haggerty trial provesonly rich powerful  nypd r&p  dsk &rtcity trial political consultant  jury  victim?it damn time rtnypd trial begins officers sean bell shootingi framed accused riverside park rapist   homeless casanova trial rape denied monday forced...hey nyc  ll live 4 onreporting  conradmurray trial   witness breaks stand.defense witness  conradmurray trial prosecution theory doesn add up. nyc  onat 4rtows  opesr detained protesters demand jury trialjohn haggerty found guilty 2nd degree larceny & money laundering incampaign trial  ...   bkconrad murray trial michael jackson ingested propofol stopped ... ap conrad murray accused of...rthey nyc  ll live 4 onreporting  conradmurray trial   witness breaks stand.breaking verdict reached john haggerty trial  saysandex judge donald thompson  busted using penis pump trials  pension cutrtformer judge served prison time using penis pump presided trials hefty pension yankedwhen christine quinn trial stealing money?  bloomberg favoritetrial begins rape russian touristrtows  opesr detained protesters demand jury trialoff menu celsius  forcella  loi restaurant sauce trial run brooklyn  pizzer...ex judge donald thompson  busted using  penis pump  trials   pension cut       judgedr love update trial con accused raping russian tourist riverside park begins   love  women  kiss
call denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtrtpolice attack denver mayor 720 865 9090 / pd 720 913 2000 press 1 / governor 303 866 247rtrtdenver internal affairs 720 913 6019. file complaints officer actionsrtfwdbronx 3 ave & east 163 st mva serious injuries  aided removed lincoln hospital. nypd hwy enroute accid ...denver mayor 720 865 9090 | pd 720 913 2000 press 1 | (cont)rtpolice attack denver mayor 720 865 9090 / pd 720 913 2000 press 1 / governor 303 866 247rtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackthe world watchingden mayor 720 865 9090 /pd 720 913 2000 press1/gov 303 866 2471 demand civil rightsrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackpujo committee “money trust” wall street banking cartel investigation 1912 1913   opesr  usdor  anonymousrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtattn>> rtlovely persephone books brought 1913 suffragette novel… (cont)rtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtrtpolice attack denver mayor 720 865 9090 / pd 720 913 2000 press 1 / governor 303 866 247police attack denver denver mayor 7208659090 /pd 720 913 2000 press  1/governor 303 866 247   fbmtpolice attack denver denver mayor 720 865 9090 / pd 720 913 2000 press 1 / governor 303 866 247  solidarity  owsrtrtpolice attack denver mayor 720 865 9090 / pd 720 913 2000 press 1 / governor 303 866 247
whirlpool axe 5 000 jobs  lowers 2011 forecast  $whr  ows  occupytogether  woeldcantwait  usdorrtcity white halloween? snow forecast  n.y.c.rtfirst flakes week elevations. forecast eyewitness news 4.  snow  eyewitnessnycrtfirst flakes week elevations. forecast eyewitness news 4.  snow  eyewitnessnycsound storm inside  occupyphilly media. plaza flooded  tents. forecast 3 5 snow  35 mph windsflooded tents  occupyphilly. blankets  tarps heaters  3 5 snow  35 mph winds forecasted.rthuntsman goes "too fail" banks.  occupy wall street effect? popular well.rtrtforecast time   tonight dry/chilly. low 48. tomorrow (cont)time road  weather forecast buffalo sunday rain 14 mph winds. g...international call   scottolsen solidarity vigils.  please  friendsofscotttop forecasters lonnie quinn janice huff duty tonight forand  wnbc.  octobersnowwait  moved michigan. rtcity white halloween? snow forecast n.y.c. nyti.ms/s3g2zdnba time road                              weather forecast buffalo sunda...   netsfirst flakes week elevations. forecast eyewitness news 4.  snow  eyewitnessnycevening weathercast missed  bill evans updates forecast starting 4:30a. goodnight all.  eyewitnessnycrtcity white halloween? snow forecast  n.y.c.rtcity white halloween? snow forecast  n.y.c.rtfirst flakes week elevations. forecast eyewitness news 4.  snow  eyewitnessnycrtforecast time   tonight dry/chilly. low 48. tomorrow sunny. 63. sunday sunny. 64. monday spot shower/66rthere 7 day forecastrtforecast bright chilly. high:50. tonight increasing clouds. low:40 tomorrow rain/wind. snowflakes mix late. high:44
the york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .
glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...will cops  ows cue  occupyoakland step neck freedom?look mirror re 99%glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...rtows protesters stolen net cops.they holding orange kettle neck heads "whose st? st "glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories  read viaglory faded neck roll; memoriesglory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...rtfine choker collars draw attention necklinesglory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...fine choker collars draw attention necklines   nytglory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...
bankofamerica makes taxpayers insure 75 trillion dollars risky derivative schemes   ows  occupyearth  usdorcurrently reading  bloomberg hears taxpayers rid ows   stayed welcome  city taxpayers enoughrtbank america makes taxpayers insure $75 trillion risky derivative schemes  ows  occupywallstreetrtbank america makes taxpayers insure $75 trillion risky derivative schemes  ows  occupywallstreethow bank fucks bank taxpayers money  ?  dn  story   ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrthow bank fucks bank taxpayers money  ?  dn  story   ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtmust read   american taxpayers subsidize israel’s prosperity   palestine    usdor  ows10 custody alleged lirr pension scheme cost taxpayers hundreds millions york (cbsnewyork) –...10 custody alleged lirr pension scheme cost taxpayers hundreds millions york (cbsnewyork) –...11 custody alleged lirr pension scheme cost taxpayers hundreds millions york (cbsnewyork) –...11 custody alleged lirr pension scheme cost taxpayers hundreds millions york (cbsnewyork) –...11 custody alleged lirr pension scheme cost taxpayers hundreds millions york (cbsnewyork) –...11 custody alleged lirr pension scheme cost taxpayers hundreds millions york (cbsnewyork)  ...11 charged alleged lirr pension scheme cost taxpayers hundreds millions york (cbsnewyork)  it’...rt4men   (inst.)  occupywallstreet bank america stick taxpayers $74 trillion billto taxpayers bank america  thank for" letting" dump crap headso have90% taxpayers  poker players rest  thats  occupywallstrtbank america makes taxpayers insure $75 trillion risky derivative schemes  ows  occupywallstreetu.s. taxpayers pay $154 trillion bank debt auctioning bankers   ows  usdor  october2011  antiwar  p2  p21  1urthow bank fucks bank taxpayers money  ?  dn  story   ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtbank america makes taxpayers insure $75 trillion risky derivative schemes  ows  occupywallstreet
here | nytimes europe closes broad plan save eurooctober2011 movement closes citibank 2  protest record profits t...   ows  occupydc  stopthemach2011  usdornytimes europe closes broad plan save euroeurope closes broad plan save eurothe closest post war govt genuinely creating fair society. gone downhillnytimes europe closes broad plan save euro@park closes 11  record. denver cop quoted "not soon enough" park closedmystory parkchester’s jewish temple closes serving dwindling congregationreal time withcloses annew rule   owsnytimes europe closes broad plan save euronytimes europe closes broad plan save eurorteurope closes broad plan save euroeurope closes broad plan save euro  vianytimes europe closes broad plan save eurolaguardia airport closest guys  yes? trying book plane tickets  occupyportland  3k miles away. :)nytimes europe closes broad plan save euro bandadenytimes europe closes broad plan save euroeurope closes broad plan save euroeurope closes broad plan save euronytimes europe closes broad plan save eurorteurope closes broad plan save euro
rtprotesters nypd kettling net. marines lead  broadway swarmedrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtprotesters nypd kettling net. marines lead  broadway swarmedrtrtprotesters nypd kettling net. marines lead  broadway swarmed ...the beginning corporate governments complete control internet...rtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owschina tiene 50.000 censores en internet. ninguno suficientemente listo para captar las sátiras de los nuevos disidentesows media center night    libertysquare  data flows planet.  occupywallstreetrtprotesters nypd kettling net. marines lead  broadway swarmed    owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtoccupytheinternet+rt blacklist bill set crush internet. action  viaows  usdorrtoccupytheinternet+rt blacklist bill set crush internet. action  viaows  usdordon worry  internet.we circle courthouse police comicqlly follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtha  rtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtwe circle courthouse police comicqlly follow orange net.  ows
rtwhat  occupywallst protester citizens united free speech   owsjudge tells cops "you lawful basis arrest  occupynashville  protesters "  thank ...michael lohan denied bail angry judge famous dad  jail tv appearancenashville judge releases  occupynashville arrestees citing constitutional reason arrests.  ows  occupyoakland  net4change  usdorrtanswering judge richard goldstone’soped denying israeli apartheid |rtrtassange extradition judgement delivered wed 2 november 2011   wikileaksrtwhat  occupywallst protester citizens united free speech   owsrtwhat  occupywallst protester citizens united free speech   owsrtwhat  occupywallst protester citizens united free speech   owshaggerty jurors judge  victim? jurors considering political operative accused steal...gerald sheindlin  “mr. judge judy ” ready his closeup tv series; tv wife coaching him judge...rtrtbreaking federal judge calls  opd  occupyoakland violence  |  owsoccupynashville curfew revoked federal judge. gov haslam  owsprogress  ows  occupywallstreetrtbreaking federal judge calls  opd  occupyoakland violence  |  owsso unfair. punishing  "judge decide tyler clementi lover identifiedrtwhat  occupywallst protester citizens united free speech   owsmaksim slams derek siding  dwts  judgesjudge tells  tennessee stop arresting  occupywallstreet protesters   ows  winning  tngovhaggerty jurors judge  victim? jurors considering political operative accused steal...judge judy husband  retired bronx supreme court justice gerald sheindlin  tackle tv role as ..rtwhat  occupywallst protester citizens united free speech   ows
peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head   proteste...rtpeter schiff & 99% issue exchange. beginning    ows  usdor  usdaysofrage  anonymous  99percentpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headpeter schiff  occupywallstreet ‘walmart doesn’t hold gun head ’ – government “dd corporatio...peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head   outpacing former comptroller g...peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head   outpacing former comptroller g...rtpeter schiff occupywallstreet walmart doesnt hold gun headpeter schiff peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headonline car hire  peter schiff  occupywallstreet walmart doesnt hold gun head   governmentpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headlatest news  peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head   reason tv s...peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head     peter_schiffpeter schiff confronts occupy wall street protesters. leaves befuddled & speechless common sense questions."peter schiff takes occupy.." $$ vote  corp   ows  usdor  occupyraleighpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head   outpacing former comptroller g...peter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun headpeter schiff  occupywallstreet  walmart doesn hold gun head   schiff wal...
rtqaddafi’s death lessons arab spring  via hapyak41rtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springqaddafi’s death lessons arab spring   libyawhat spring? summer rtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springqaddafi dies libya  marking era’s violentrtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springqaddafi dies libya  marking era’s violentcol. muammar el qaddafi  1942 2011 muammar el qaddafi  libyan dictator  dead 69businessweekfate qaddafi focus arab spring  hard road york timestunis — flight tu...fate qaddafi focus arab spring  hard road    york timesrtqaddafi death warning sign dictatorsrtqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadrtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springrtqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadrtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springrtqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadlibyan rebels claim intel docs linking qaddafi ba athist coup iraq.... hmmmqaddafi’s bloody difficulties aheadrtqaddafi (what feed 8)   takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanks  15m  feliz15oqaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captivated arab world  ...rteditorial colonel qaddafi’s
rturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtsos  occupywallst assistance  provide materials shelter  call autumn 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrt nashville police 615 251 8587 mayor 615 862 6000 governor 615 862 7301 politely demand 1st amendment rights  owsrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtmtsos  occupywallst assistance. provide materials shelter  call autumn 585 730 0050  needsoftheoccupiersthe  occupywallstreet livestream 3730 viewers
rtdraft constitutional amendment petition 2  getmoneyout politics  text sign +19177206888  ows   occupywallstreetcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtrtpolice attack denver mayor 720 865 9090 / pd 720 913 2000 press 1 / governor 303 866 247rtrtdenver internal affairs 720 913 6019. file complaints officer actionsdenver mayor 720 865 9090 | pd 720 913 2000 press 1 | (cont)rtpolice attack denver mayor 720 865 9090 / pd 720 913 2000 press 1 / governor 303 866 247rtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackthe world watchingden mayor 720 865 9090 /pd 720 913 2000 press1/gov 303 866 2471 demand civil rightsrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attackrtrtpolice attack denver mayor 720 865 9090 / pd 720 913 2000 press 1 / governor 303 866 247police attack denver denver mayor 7208659090 /pd 720 913 2000 press  1/governor 303 866 247   fbmtpolice attack denver denver mayor 720 865 9090 / pd 720 913 2000 press 1 / governor 303 866 247  solidarity  owsrtrtpolice attack denver mayor 720 865 9090 / pd 720 913 2000 press 1 / governor 303 866 247rtrtpolice attack denver mayor 720 865 9090 / pd 720 913 2000 press 1 / governor 303 866 247rtcall denver pd 720 913 2000 (thx)  occupydenver  ows  occupywallstreet denver attack
every participant leader  occupywallstreet  occupymiami   occupytampa  occupyorlando  occupyjacksonville22 arrested tonight standing park  occupyorlando including army (cont)   ows  worldcantwait  usdorveterans & disabled wheelchair bound arrested  occupyorlando   owsrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    occupydc  occupywallstreet  owsrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    occupydc  occupywallstreet  owsthe people video.   owsrtoccupyorlando  police clash downtown park   florida  ows  usdorrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    occupydc  occupywallstreet  ows“happy halloween anonymous nypd.    occupyorlandortoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor   ...occupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    occupydc  occupywallstreet  owsoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdoroccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    owsrtoccupyorlando protesters arrested   occupywallstreet  ows  occupytampa  occupymiami  occupyatlanta  occupyclt  occupydcrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    occupydc  occupywallstreet  owsrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    occupydc  occupywallstreet  owsrtrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor   ...rtoccupyorlando 3  orlando police cruisers + 1 undercover suv present. live video   ows  usdorrtoccupyorlando  orlando police arriving park arresting 20 & departing earlier.  ows  usdorrtplease  occupyorlando  orlando police starting mass arrests. watch live   ows  usdor  floridartoccupyorlando protesters arrested   occupywallstreet  ows  occupytampa  occupymiami  occupyatlanta  occupyclt  occupydc
occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakoccupywallstreet protesters flock 2 health clinics std/hiv testing getting freak  <~infested zuccottirtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freak"occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakoccupywallstreet costs journalists jobs elizabeth flock  occupylsx  occupymelbourne  occupycanada  occupyrtkids flock s.i. farm perfect pumpkinrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtnewyorkpost occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freak on.rtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freaktjo  rtrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing ...kids flock s.i. farm perfect pumpkin
rti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrtvictory friends boardwalk  nyc design commission stops coney island concretewalk. video viarti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysi using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essays
rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.occupywallstreet lame costume. original  peoplerti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.
bronx   pedestrian struck serious inj 2748 tremont ave. victim  ems jacobi hosp.  nypd ai squad requested.manhattan   shots fired duty  nypd officer riverside dr & 91 st.  aviation  esu &  k9 requested.  breakingqueens   perp search laurelton ave & st. unknown perp for.  nypd  k9 requested assist.manhattan   3 st & 6 ave  nypd officer scooter struck vehicle. requesting  ems.  nyc  breaking  struck  esuu/d manhattan 24 precinct shots fired duty nypd officer riverside dr & 91 st. request aviation esu & 9 ems crime scene setup ku/d 24 precinct pd report perp fled mos weapon request ems mos heavy nypd crime scene setup 91st & riverside dr 10:56:40 pmrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtgoogle receive request  lawenforcement remove yt videos  policebrutality."   occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtqueens 120 07 15 ave nypd reporting bomb threat post office. esu requested search building.rtwho one? mtows requests gloves/coats absurd. sleeping outside helps cause?rtrrturgent nyc  task force requested broadway/cityhall.ows  occupytogether  occupy"rtmayor sam adams feds requested led raid. own gov expressing ourselves. sad.manhattan   shots fired duty  nypd officer riverside dr & 91 st.  aviation  esu &  k9 requested.  breaking (d84)queens   perp search laurelton ave & st. unknown perp for.  nypd  k9 requested assist. (d1)bronx   evidence search following shots fired 3440 gates gunhill road.  nypd scene requesting  esu respond. (d1)queens *u/d store* rockaway blvd & 131 st.  nypd  esu requesting nyc buildings dept respond. condition aided unkn.manhattan  nypd esu requesting bomb squad @ east38 madison.rtrtnyclu nypd shd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets nr zuccotti   ows  occupywallstreetiplz observe telling protestors observe rights peacefully structure requests
rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrttwulocal 100 :) rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersguitar shaped alabama spread hits market $17.9 millionrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrttwulocal 100 :) rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersthis happen rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiers

the kids camping wall street real capitalists    ows  occupytogether  stopthemach2011  october2011  usdorrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsprecisely. rtsaving capitalism capitalists   ows ccrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   ows"this chance save  capitalism  crony  capitalists"      byatowsfor capitalists 1 day missedproductivity cardinalsin; organize (cont)rtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   ows
school anti bullying video pretty nice.“texas toasted  hunter s. thompson dust storm wedding   trending”rtrthey nyc   ll live 4 onreporting  conradmurray case.rtwatch  gmhcff2011 commercial travis cannata.  playing onrtrye brook  ny  snow  eyewitnessnycthanks followwasn me. wrong place.:) congrats    scratchers rtyonkers woman wins $1 million scratch ticketmarketing genius...she stopped coffee:)  whoknew   ironysweet deal rtyonkers woman wins $1 million scratch ticket“child accidentally brings gun nyc school   newyorkcity” 1 accidentally gun 2 school?“lee goldberg blog track october snow   _hey nyc   ll live 4 onreporting  conradmurray case. prosecution star witness *rips* defense.hey nyc  ll live 4 onreporting  conradmurray trial   witness breaks stand.what doc  conradmurray? careless & greedy? "the doc ever"? patients 4 ondefense witness  conradmurray trial prosecution theory doesn add up. nyc  onat 4snow mixing upper west sideflurriesfly  snowtoberrtwatch  fashionforward commercial with. playing onrtwatch  gmhcff2011 commercial with&.  playing on"eyewitnessnyc 2 helicopters emergency landing njrtwatch  gmhcff2011 commercial with&.  playing onwitnessed dead body floating hudson river today
worldnews sgt shamar thomas unbelievable nypd treats owsrtsgt  shamarthomas unbelievable nypd treats  ows    occupywallstreetrtrttrick treat   wallstreet. people bailout back.  ows  occupydenver  occupychi  oo  occupytucsonrtplanning citibank branch close account  treated protestors.   ows  citibankfeatured segment halloween treats including  fikanyc chocolates. checkoccupywallstreet chaos isn caused protestors caused nypd treating threat.i liked avideo  sgt shamar thomas unbelievable nypd treats owsmitt romney hailed dc republicans washington   mitt romney front runner treatment congressional...wintery mix dumps record snow york  leaves thousands power  trick treat   yorkers...mitt romney hailed dc republicans washington   mitt romney front runner treatment congressional...wintery mix dumps record snow york  leaves thousands power  trick treat   yorkers...nytimes jobs tried exotic treatments combat cancer  bookrthow tear gas mask | protection & treatment protests wp.me/p16sn9 2rq  occupyoakland  occupy  ows  occupywallstreetit weird. california colorado progressive.  worse treating protestors. y?rtnew york ny police sued woman claiming detained 5 days & mistreated cops shooting victim [4]rttrick treat   wallstreet. people bailout back.  owsa swimming example officers treat  animals.  ohio  please note.you nyc proudnytimes jobs tried exotic treatments combat cancer  booksevere depression goes untreated united  according ... thirds ...severe depression goes untreated united  according ... thirds ...jobs tried exotic treatments combat cancer  book steve jobs decision surgery rel...
rtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enf...rtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters?  ows exposed militarization policertwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsmilitarization police nypd business shooting planes? normal countries air force   owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  ows
rtaspekt av ai weiwei som nog många missat hans tio år east village.yes  live village know. “neighborhood resident speaks (cont)troll spotted  occuppywallstrttroll spotted  occuppywallstanonops rtwe special surprise 4 village halloween parade..  occupyhalloween ...rtsomething up. sudden people heading towards village en mas   p2  occupywallstreet  ows  1u  tcotevents westchester followfor york breaking news headlines. pleasantville little village p...rtows enacting impossible (on consensus decision making)         village large...   usrevolutionrtbahrain  dignityarrows protsters started marching villages near lulu close  seefroundabout "commercial mall area"rtbahrain  dignityarrows 4 arrows; closing roads 1&2&3 marching 3 villages  seefroundabout   4  dignitycollarrtoccupywallstreet takes message greenwich village halloween parade   owsthe scariest tv tonight iscoverage village halloween paradertanonops rtwe special surprise 4 village halloween parade..  occupyhalloween ...protesters village circling.  wish invite  apartment .  owssolidarityphoto 3/6 10:24 pm marchers  evading police  run 6th avenue west village.  occupywallstreet  owsphoto 4/6 10:26 pm demonstrators march uptown 6th avenue west village.  occupywallstreet  owsgreenwich village halloween parade thrills costume clad crowd kerry wills & mike jaccarino boo sterous thr...rtows  villageparadeoccupyhalloweenthe 5 stand comedy nyc. includeswhich central village tour  viawho going? rtny1 online hosts offer sneak peak 39th annual village halloween paradenydailynews  nyc 90 minute ghost tour greenwich village  lower east  upper west  ...   groupbuydaily
rttrendsmap proves scary twitter censorship  occupywallstreet trending topics   ows  99percentoccupywallstreet  changing topic   ows stand   occupyphoenix  occupyalbuquerque  occupytucson  occupymesartbagratyan speaking economic topics  rally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevanfantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...make  eliotspitzer trending topic  revive legacy  heroism   owsi  eliotspitzer trending topic  fought  wallst misbehaved.  hero  owsfantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...the polarizing topic  personhood      attempt middlefantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...religion politics topics conversation – research indicates latter true   wellbeingfantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...analyzing  occupywallstreet media changing topic.   ows
rtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersgreen vegetables  broccoli bok choy  shown help boost ... re constantly fighting colds  ...rtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtrtfunny  occupywallstreet isn constantly trending...rtlupica nba plays  deal  constantly hear players  players...rtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtif believe  1%  (which constantly changing up) conspiring  re moron.  occupywallstreet  owsrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe  water  depleted supply. partly bc cpd constantly march circles.  needsoftheoccupiersrti hope lot supporters  rtneed  water bc cpd constantly march circles  needsoftheoccupiers  ows
us marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videobrave marine sgt. shamar thomas shames nypd.  ohohjodietheboysarecominghome.  p2an excellent post & comments  racism shames nation re  dalefarm  fromedl   bnpan excellent post & comments  racism shames nation re  dalefarm  fromedl   bnpu.s. marine vet shames nypd bullies    occupywallstreet  owsus marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest videous marine shames nypd times square protest video
rtmayor  bloomberg announces  occupywallstreet  strategery requiring permit   ows  99percent  nyc  nyrtmayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits | now??state tells  occupynashville permit  liability insurance   occupywallstreet  owsrtnyc doesn allow marchers street parade permit. nypd sidewalks streets.crack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...   tcotrtpermit expiring. log call support  occupybaltimore    md ...you ve video    ows mainstream reporter arrested  ows challenging legality nypd permit claimmayor michael bloomberg  occupywallstreet protesters city require permits   tcot  twistes  teaparty  p2"mayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits"mayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permitsrtusdor  ows daily kos re camping  permit...  viartcrack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws   tcot  sgp nydailyrtyes   occupy iowa city receives 4 month permit   occupywallstreet  99percentrtcrack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...rtstate tells  occupynashville permit  liability insurance   occupywallstreet  owsrtfock fresh  permit  occupywallstreet   owsmayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits“city require permits   iavian” time" crack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...rtthe permit reflect  baltimore opinion. people city support  occupybaltimore.  occupy  rights  chesbay  maryland  usdorbloomberg starting require permits  ows   tcot  teaparty
rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickomtif yo receiven candy halloweeño yo sendo ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickoif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickomtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from.rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickodead  “if yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from.rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que tricko
rthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingmthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingmthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrtthe fuck shit “woman shot leg  kept 5 days nypd urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingeeek  rthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruating
focus nypd officers angered corruption probe   ows  p2  nypdrtap sources 12 nypd officers charged ticket fixing probe investigation   rasrtofficials call federal probe nypd stop frisk policy racist cop arrest.they proberly files allfocus nypd officers angered corruption probertofficials call federal probe nypd stop frisk policy racist cop arrest.nypd stop frisk policy demands federal probe race based ineffective |  | thank yourtofficials call federal probe nypd stop frisk policy racist cop arrest.fyi. rtcharges expected nypd ticket fixing probe   newyorkcitynypd officers charged corruption probenypd officers charged ticket corruption probertnypd officers angered corruption probefocus nypd officers angered corruption probecops  police  news nypd officers charged ticket fixing probe ago low profile wire...ap sources 12 nypd officers charged ticket fixing probe investigation    rassweeping internal nypd probe results 16 arrests    news   msn ca  vianypd allowed assemble inside courthouse shove media. nice. nypd officers angered probe   owsrtdbenews  dbevideo  sweeping  nypd  probe  results 16  arrests    usa     dbemg  newsnypd officers charged ticket probenypd officers charged ticket corruption probertdbenews  dbevideo  sweeping  nypd  probe  results 16  arrests    usa     dbemg  news
rti anti police  nypd brutalizing  occupywallstreet protesters.  ows  p2  tlotrti anti police  nypd brutalizing  occupywallstreet protesters.   ows  p2  tlotrtshinee   yo  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspectionrti anti police  nypd brutalizing  occupywallstreet protesters.   ows  p2  tlotrt @/rushyortshinee   yo  occupywallstreet woman roughed  arrested reciting constitution tsa inspe...rt @/clandestine5 occupywallstreet nypd planted drugs people meet drug arrest quotas  shineeshinee   wowowow  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnershinee   y.o.u  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnershinee   jojo  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnershinee   obsession  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnershinee   love  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnershinee   yo  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnershinee   electric heart  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnershinee   shinee world  occupywallstreet 99%  president obama fire tim geithnershinee   romantic  occupywallstreet bank america stick taxpayers $74 trillion billshinee   si fuera ella  occupywallstreet bank america stick taxpayers $74 trillion billshinee onew jonghyun   please don  occupywallstreet bank america stick taxpayers $74 trillion billshinee   wowowow  occupywallstreet bank america stick taxpayers $74 trillion billshinee   y.o.u  occupywallstreet bank america stick taxpayers $74 trillion billshinee   jojo  occupywallstreet bank america stick taxpayers $74 trillion billoccupywallstreet nypd planted drugs people meet drug arrest quotas  shinee
rtrtrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owswithout gas powered generators movement continues   energy bike powers  occupywallstreet   owsrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owstrade disputes hurt renewable energy  chinese executive assertsone feasible demand |  forum ... environmental regulations  energy production  foreign polic...how  wind  solar  farms  unitedstatesofamerica  usa  17trillion  dollars  ows  occupywallstreet  freeenergyenergy innovations (the tv show)     2915awesome energy solutions liberty plaza via.  mtis   ows  solidarity  occupyis worth energy blether worthless psycho?  fruitloopsdo aboutenergy bike?rtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtrtmarching broadway  spectra pipeline hearing    nofrackingwaytrade disputes hurt renewable energy  chinese executive assertsrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsinsightful  rtfromexample 1 percenter    ows  occupywallstreetnyassembly speaker shelly silver don nys contracts firms deal  iran  energy ..rain stopped temp dropping 30 degrees. thinking uwe send lov & energy warmth stand 4 99%  owsrtrtmarching broadway  spectra pipeline hearing    nofrackingway
rtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtheads   occupysf   6 buses sfpd tactical gear departed 17th/deharo. stay safe there. please rt.rtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtrnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remain"nypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remain"rtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrt12 candles departed comrades   light here.   wlfrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remain
police scene...protester preparing raid.  live austin      occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupyaustin50 cops waiting outside austin.    occupywallst  occupywallstreet  occupyaustin  occupytogether  occupyamerica  occupytvgeneral strike  nov 2nd nationwide    occupywallst  occupyaustin  occupyphoenix  occupytogether  occupyamericaaustin gettin raided     occupyoakland  ows  occupytv  occupywallst  occupyaustin  occupyamerica  occupytogetheraustin & oakland live    occupytv  ows  occupyoakland  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  occupyaustin  occupytogetherrt"that fine idea."  gump  via.  99percent  ows  joinuscountry unemployed politicians     angela davis  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyhouston  occupydallas  occupyaustinhow tear gas mask   howto protection protest  /  ows  occupydenver  occupyoakland  occupyaustin  usdorrtpolice moving  occupyaustin  unknown    occupyarrests  occupywallst  occupyoakland  ows  occupydenverhey austin  rtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezwe streetwe city hall streetabout 250 streetrtkeep eye  occupyoakland  occupyaustin  occupynashville tonite. police situation getting tense.  occupywallst  owsrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtpolice scene...protester preparing raid.  live austin      occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupyaustinrtrtbreaking news  occupyaustin trending 17 arrests.  owsrtkeep eye  occupyoakland  occupyaustin  occupynashville tonite. police situation getting tense.  occupywallst  owsrtkeep eye  occupyoakland  occupyaustin  occupynashville tonite. police situation getting tense.  occupywallst  owsrt50 cops waiting outside austin.    occupywallst  occupywallstreet  occupyaustin  occupytogether  occupyamerica  occupytvrtgeneral strike  nov 2nd nationwide    occupywallst  occupyaustin  occupyphoenix  occupytogether  occupyamericart50 cops waiting outside austin.    occupywallst  occupywallstreet  occupyaustin  occupytogether  occupyamerica  occupytv
a sister’s eulogy steve jobs     (via instapaper)a sister’s eulogy steve jobs      (via instapaper)worth read sister’s eulogy steve jobs   stevejobsrtthis awesome "a sister’s eulogy steve jobs"long worth ty rta sister’s eulogy steve jobsa sister’s eulogy steve jobsi embarrassed welled little sister’s eulogy"we all—in end—die medias res. middle story. stories." sister’s eulogy  stevejobs   lirta sister’s eulogy steve jobsa sister’s eulogy steve jobsswissmiss   sister’s eulogy steve jobs     lived life  rip steve jobspor favor léanlo sister’s eulogy steve jobsa sister’s eulogy steve jobs     (via instapaper)a sister’s eulogy steve jobs  poignant beautifully written.a sister’s eulogy steve jobsa sister’s eulogy steve jobsa sister’s eulogy steve jobsnytimes    sister’s eulogy steve jobsrta sister’s eulogy steve jobs   lovethisa sister’s eulogy steve jobs     (via instapaper)a sister’s eulogy steve jobs
rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.india india’s middle class appears shed political apathy recent anticorruption protests stirred ...the police trashed&bashed peaceful protest melbourne      occupywallstreet jesus weptows  occupywallstreet "the tree liberty refreshed time time blood patriots tyrants"india india’s middle class appears shed political apathy recent anticorruption protests stirred ...friedlander murder suicide anguished gary perez mourns slain daughter  grandkidsrtrtgod help us. don mtv considers brainwashed chosen  occupiers .  owsrtrtlandon donovan red bulls blast  sheds light temperament issues henry marquezindians stressed?rtqueens hillside ave & 165 st jumper apparently doa scene. crime scene established.friedlander murder suicide anguished gary perez mourns slain daughter  grandkids driving fu...anguished mourns slain daughter  grandkids driving funeral home arrangements daughter ...rt"queens 103 precinct  hillside ave & 165 st jumper apparently doa scene. crime scene established."rt"queens 88 st & 95 ave 3 people stabbed  stable condition. crime scene established. 10:25:40 pm"manhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rt"bronx 515 east 143 st male shot transported ems cpr progress. crime scene established."rtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtqueens 88 st & 95 ave 3 people stabbed  stable condition. crime scene established. 10:25:40 pmrespect authority police. skull bashed in. welcome america. vote fox news.   ows  occupywallstnyc  occupywallstrespect authority police. skull bashed in. welcome america.   ows  occupywallstnyc  occupywallstthe police protect. respect authority. avoid skull bashed in.  ows  occupywallstnyc  occupywallstrtjust finished adding 20 cities   occupysandiego  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  occupysf  occupyportland
rtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtoccupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeup fuck off.  owsrtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtoccupymtv try capitalize hands on.  wakeupowsrtrtoccupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeup fuck off.  owsrtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeupoccupymtvbitches rtonly solution  teamoccupyyourmom rv streaming 24/7. reality finest.can hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtoccupymtv try capitalize hands on.  wakeupowsrtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtoccupymtv  try capitalize hands on.  wakeupowsrtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtoccupymtv  try capitalize hands on.  wakeupowsrtrtoccupymtv try capitalize hands on.  wakeupows
never this. rtcultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiesemoticons move business world   cultural studieslol “cultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studies“cultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiespredicting future wisdom crowds rtuniversity studies crowdsourcing intelligencehow feel emoticons? opinions rtcultural studies emoticons move business world...imaging studies advanced beyond understanding disease treatment.rtcultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studies.will hcwdbs granting scholarships attend "jersey shore studies"?rtuniversity studies  crowdsourcing intelligencertcultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiessmileys  winks lol’s   emoticons move business world   cultural studiesrtcultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiesrtcultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiesawesome  "manicures torah studies merge westchester school clubmanicures torah studies merge westchester school clubrtiphone building studies   architecturerta multiplicity iphone building studies archi geekscultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiesyashar koach buechler  creative combination mtmanicures torah studiesnyt emoticons move business world   cultural studies
it conflict caused byencouraging inmates parole zuccotti park  owsoccupywallstreet chaos isn caused protestors caused nypd treating threat.gotta love theimagery "ham fisted techie" caused recent public transit meltdownmichael jackson caused own death  defense witness arguesmichael jackson caused own death  defense witness argues   york daily newsmichael jackson caused own death  defense witness argues   york daily newsprosecutor cop caused 50 shot barrage killed sean bellno surprise lol...lets real   michael jackson caused own death  defense witness argues    ny daily newsmichael jackson caused own death  defense witness argues nina mandell dr. paul white  anesthesiologis...rtrtit fine w/nypd duty cops jumped barriers  bk bridge & caused mayhemhhooray usa capitalist systems/go wall st church pulling 3mill bofa caused itch dealings.....lolrtowen jones  occupylsx  &  occupywallstreet valuable caused crisis re paying  prostudentsmichael jackson caused own death  defense witness arguesis dr trial mj estate $$$ value murdered???  michael jackson caused own death defense witness nba michael jackson caused own death  defense witness argues  pop star michael jackson caused ow...   netsnba honda cutting production due parts shortages caused flooding thailand   as...   netsmichael jackson caused own death  defense witness arguesmichael jackson caused own death  defense witness argues nina mandell dr. paul white  anesthesiologis...michael jackson caused own death  defense witness argues   york daily newsmichael jackson caused own death  defense witness argues   york daily newsmichael jackson caused own death  defense witness argues nina mandell dr. paul white  anesthesiologis...
occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakoccupywallstreet protesters flock 2 health clinics std/hiv testing getting freak  <~infested zuccottirtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freak"occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtnewyorkpost occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freak on.rtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freaktjo  rtrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing ...occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freak
rtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshednew york times expect agm > "irate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshed"rtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedit  lol rtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshednytimes irate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedirate news  corp. shareholders murdoch woodshednytimes irate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshed
occupywallstreet careful surroundings you. appear not.  owsam commute recap  bway  steinway  + agent lying trains normal not.rtyou re winning government breaking laws re not.  ows  occupydenver  occupynashville  occupywallstreetrtyou re winning government breaking laws re not.  ows  occupydenver  occupynashville  occupywallstreetrtyou re winning government breaking laws re not.  ows  occupydenver  occupynashville  occupywallstreetall attack mitt romney mormonism york times. unacceptable bigotry. guess not.rtyou re winning government breaking laws re not.  ows  occupydenver  occupynashville  occupywallstreetrtyou re winning government breaking laws re not.  ows  occupydenver  occupynashville  occupywallstreettime.  protest fine.  anarchy not.rtgod vicious dangerous subversives loose  not.    occupymelbourne  ows  usdorrtyou re winning government breaking laws re not.  ows  occupydenver  occupynashville  occupywallstreetthis   pass. probably not.  misquotesno. person not.absolutely not. soldiers valley forge winter rags shoes.  ows it.rtyou re winning government breaking laws re not.  ows  occupydenver  occupynashville  occupywallstreetquestion "occupy" anti capitalist? answer not. fuck bbc news sky news.  takewallstreet  globalrevolutionrtyou re winning government breaking laws re not.  ows  occupydenver  occupynashville  occupywallstreetrtyou re winning government breaking laws re not.  ows  occupydenver  occupynashville  occupywallstreeti hope not. rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtyou re winning government breaking laws re not.  ows  occupydenver  occupynashville  occupywallstreetyou  care not. story true muslim woman  despicable .
rt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsproblems indeed. blame  rt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssigns“"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssigns”rt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt““"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssigns””rt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssigns“"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssigns” actually rich one...
nypd corruption indictments unsealed   abc  news  an247nypd corruption indictments unsealed      (ap) ap   indictment charging 16 york city police office...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealednypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealednypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealednypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed (providence journal) share friends  |  | top news  ...   usa  newsnypd corruption indictments 16 officers unsealed lengthy ticket fixing probe york — ind...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...rtnypd corruption indictments unsealed (cbs news) share friends  | | business   law stories   rss rss feed via feedzilla.nypd corruption indictments unsealednypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed (cbs news) share friends  | | business   law stories   rss rss feed via feedzilla.nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...

boy rescued 5 days quake turkey   newyorktimesrtboy rescued 5 days quake turkeyfreedom press  turkey 1997. published 2011.turkey shelters anti assad  free syrian armyrtboy rescued 5 days quake turkeynytimes slap syria  turkey shelters anti assad fightersrt.i worried moment. sister name helvetica repurposed mta.rthappy world vegan day  carlos  rta  thanksgiving feast   turkeys allowed  viaveganrtfreedom press  turkey 1997. published 2011.boy rescued 5 days quake turkeydtn china boy rescued 5 days quake turkey 13 boy pulled debris friday more...dtn russia boy rescued 5 days quake turkey 13 boy pulled debris friday mor...rtchaos appoaching  occupywallstreet  thaifloodeng  turkeyearthquakertturkey 22 battalions deployed southeast northern iraqya gotta love ny ah miss rttaten island residents ruffled turkey populationa turkey free thanksgiving? totally doable    vegetariandelightrtsav lot aldi 10 10 peppers  turkey bacon  sausage  imitation crab  occupymemphis  needsoftheoccupiersrtboy rescued 5 days quake turkeyturkey sheltering antigovernment syrian militiartboy rescued 5 days quake turkeyboy rescued 5 days quake turkey
rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezethe high. smh. | d.e.a. bans chemicals ‘bath salts’rtneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezeneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezethe battalion105 daily   ? top stories viartneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezeregular salt de icing salt???? "needsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freeze "rtkeep eyes prize.rtneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freezertrubber  introduce road. rtneedsoftheoccupiers salt liberty square doesn freeze
rtrtmtoccupymaine ied suspect car late 80s/early 90s silver 4door sedan ...rt175 arrested  occupychicago protest; arrests protests denver  phoenix north carolina  occupywallstrt‘jon kate plus 8’ editor 25 nabbed north carolina kiddie porn sting    ny daily newsrti  billcunningham article  newyorktimes  ve circumscribed favourite  shoes :)rtsouth carolina woman scammed thinking bought ipad block woodny times tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starte...rtanonymous letter response threats  nypd  ows protesters legal action.  cabincr3w  anonymous  opcashbackfox carolina 21hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention online blog posts tongue cheek referenc...tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...that awesome happen?  generalstrike  occupyoaklandway that.  news. extremely difficult pull off.  generalstrike  occupyoaklandtar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...news tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five ...   nytimestar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...rttar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns ...tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns ...tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns all...tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...tar heels challenges goal north carolina  returns five starters l...
>>>> occupywallstreet <<<<>>>> occupywallstreet <<<<   link missed them..   ows  occupywallstreet>>>> live <<<<  watching occupy wall st nyc  viaoccupywallstreet  ows  05n>>>> live <<<< watching occupy wall st nyc  viaoccupywallstreet  owssexohomual>>>> ryan gosling reveals takes ballet lessons@&  theroots jam  occupywallstreet    >>>>   ows>>>>this monday  stpaul  12pm  occupy hmrc  time dodgy deal dave resigns    occupylsxoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     ss501   song youoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     shinee   luciferoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     gdragon   butterflyoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     sg wannabe   lalalaoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     super junior   youoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     shinee   please  don gooccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     seungki lee   youoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>       bitch (feat. seo inyoung)occupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     super junior   supermanoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     b1a4   bling girloccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     son dambi   bad boyoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     shinee   wowowowoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     shinee   y.o.uoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     m.peror   dare you
the comments onabout woman shielded  kids gunman disheartening...coney island woman shot  crawls tree  dies gunman pumped bullets thursday upper bod...pregnant mom dies shielding kids gunman. terrible story. 13 kids? 33 old?pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman brooklyn   viartpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunmanholy crap. rtrooftop gunman brooklyn kills woman trying shield childrenrtpregnant mom dies shielding schoolchildren rooftop gunman brooklynrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtrooftop gunman brooklyn kills woman trying shield children*damn* rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman brooklyn   b...   bkrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsfuck guns rtrooftop gunman brooklyn kills woman trying shield childrenrtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...pregnant mom dies shielding kids gunmanrtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...wtf rtholy crap. rtrooftop gunman brooklyn kills woman trying shield childrenrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman    breakingnews
rtcop pepper sprayed ows protestors  exiled staten islandrtcrook tries rob staten island diner  gunned  nypd cops   pd  policeshootingstaten island cary ave & taylor st pedestrian struck  aided serious condition. striking vehicle fled robbery.  nypd  ems o/s.domestic violence text message alert system tap victims domestic violence staten island soon a...staten island cary ave & taylor st pedestrian struck  aided serious condition. striking vehicle fled robbery. nypd hwy enrouthnypd inspector pepper sprayed wall street protester transferred staten island   ows  nypdrtstaten island cary ave & taylor st pedestrian struck  aided serious condition. striking vehicle fled robbery. nypd hwy enroutertcop pepper sprayed woman  ows transferred staten island   lives.rtcop pepper sprayed woman  ows transferred staten island   lives.nypd inspector pepper sprayed wall street protester transferred staten islandrtnypd "quietly" transferred pepper spraying maniac anthony bologna cushy job staten island.   owsstaten island cary ave & taylor st pedestrian struck  aided serious condition. striking vehicle fled robbery.  nypd  ems o/s.nypd inspector pepper sprayed protester transferred administrative post staten island.rtnypd ships  ows pepper sprayer inspector tony bologna desk job "special projects coordinator"   staten islandrtnypd "quietly" transferred pepper spraying maniac anthony bologna cushy job staten island.   owscalling "homeboyz"  nyc protect & defend  occupywallst  nypd  bronx  brooklyn  queens  statenisland  bloomberg  harlem  black  linypd times local gangs  brutal & corrupt.  manhatten  bronx  brooklyn  queens  harlem  statenisland  nyc  ny  usa  uncalling "homeboyz"  nyc protect & defend  occupywallst  nypd  bronx  brooklyn  queens  statenisland  bloomberg  harlem  black  linypd times local gangs  brutal & corrupt.  manhatten  bronx  brooklyn  queens  harlem  statenisland  nyc  ny  usa  uncalling "homeboyz"  nyc protect & defend  occupywallst  nypd  bronx  brooklyn  queens  statenisland  bloomberg  harlem  black  lirtmtnypd inspector pepper sprayed protesters reassigned staten island  | classic nyc punishment
republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... cain  former ceo godfat...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... obama cain ...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... obama cain ...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ...   york daily newsrepublican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...gop presidential hopefuls dish favorite movies president barack obama republican presidential hope...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...nba gop presidential hopefuls dish favorite movies president barack obama republican presid...   netsgop presidential hopefuls dish favorite movies president barack obama republican presidential hope...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... obama cain ...republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... ron paul "i don watch man...movienews republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ...gop presidential hopefuls dish favorite movies (nydailynews)republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... brian browdie presidentia...
brave marine sgt. shamar thomas shames nypd.  ohohjodietheboysarecominghome.  p2rtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planget ready live & die liberty & dignity home. 99% watching help.  needsoftheoccupiers  owsdo complain. demand charity help.  ready live & die liberty & dignity home.  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planwhat happened role parents?? parents push child rearing schools?? education begins home.yelp unveils nyc office space add yelp growing list tech companies calling york home.  online...rtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planrtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planrtfeeling jubilation zuccotti ve returned home.  occupywallstreet.  occupyoakland you.refucking tweetvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planrtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planrtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planrtwe  ows family support  tell&to  letusstay   occupychi home. plzvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planrtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planrtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planrtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planrtrtfor halloween  nypd urging  ows protesters "to dress people wall street home."rtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planrtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant plan
fantasy football research predicting defensive performances seth walder predictable fantasy defense...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...new research claim drinking coffee lowers skin cancer risk ...rtwhat millionairs saying doing   suggest articles help research   occupywallstreet   99percentrtoccupywallstreet build arguments based credible research   suggest links page   99percentfacial characteristics help origins autism  researchers hope lary mcshane...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...rt viaan  shared space distributed research focused occupywallstreetamerican airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...yoga help pain mental health benefit study researchers agree yoga stretchin...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...reading research claim drinking coffee lowers skin cancer risk ...   york daily newsfantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...researchers look facial links autismrtows  usdor  research practice health insurance mortality adults determines rate 120+ day  05american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...twitter... american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...lose weight upping protein intake study; diet 15 percent ... research australia suggests th...rtows  usdor  research practice health insurance mortality adults deter...
rtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  owsrtamericans aren apathetic. demoralized fear government. shame masquerades apathy.  usdor  ows
rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...not beirut  brooklyn  “pregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...pregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...pregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...oi. rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rt[pregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...  ]    heroes  riprtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...what asad age live “pregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...this beyond sad... rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...
“columnist nypd encouraging drunks 2 join occupiers   doesnt anymore insane  collective insanityyour money explaining federal student loan rules ron lieber  money columnist  answered readers’ quest...columnist nypd encouraging drunks join occupiersrtnew york times  liberal columnist joe nocera suddenly realizes jon corzine doesn practice preachesrtthey fit // columnist nypd encouraging drunks join occupiers  viacolumnist nypd encouraging drunks join occupiersyour money explaining federal student loan rules ron lieber  money columnist  answered readers’ quest...columnist nypd encouraging drunks join occupiers secret unsavory possibly dangerous p...rtnew york times  liberal columnist joe nocera suddenly realizes jon corzine doesn practice preachescolumnist nypd encouraging drunks join occupiersrtviacolumnist nypd encouraging drunks join occupiers   tcotrtnew york times  liberal columnist joe nocera suddenly realizes jon corzine doesn practice preachesyour money explaining federal student loan rules ron lieber  money columnist  answered readers’ quest...columnist nypd encouraging drunks join occupiers   owsrtshorter krugman unnamed columnist cough cough david brooks cough cough dumbass.your money explaining federal student loan rules ron lieber  money columnist  answered readers’ quest...op ed columnist crony capitalism comes homes   banking_and_financial_institutions  opinioncolumnist nypd encouraging drunks join occupiersshock claim columnist nypd encouraging drunks join occupiers   ows  nycbig blue bucket list former sports columnist serves 100 ideas giants ...   york daily newsrtcolumnist nypd encouraging drunks join occupiers
fox news cops gather support nypd officers set charged ticket fixing scandalcops mock poor people  calls prosecutors "pieces  " claim ticket fixing ... 16 nypd officers arr...nypd officers charged fixing traffic tickets friendsrtnone nypd officers attended yesterday pro ticket fixing rally speak record press.   owsrtcops chant "e.b.t." welfare recipients outside nypd ticket fixing indictment bronx. classy.rtap sources 12 nypd officers charged ticket fixing probe investigation   rasequal be4  law xcept rty shouldn troubled reaction nypd 2 ticket fixing scandal?rtwpix nypd officer ticket fixing arrangement told woman unrelated business "the cheese line way"fixing tickets. running guns. beating protesters.  nypd   em proudnypd officers charged ticket fixing scandalcops testify cops roughly 160 cops names surfaced ticket fixing scan...nyc 16  nypd cops charged ticket fixing scandal. law professional courtesy ?nypd officers charged ticket fixing scandalnypd officers charged ticket fixing scandal    fox  news  an247rtcops chant "e.b.t." welfare recipients outside nypd ticket fixing indictment bronx. classy.the n.y.p.d.’s ticket fixing scandal   wiunion  ows  occupylondon  nypd  occupychicago  wiprog  topprog  p2  occupymnrtnypd officers civilians charged ticket fixing scandal friday morningrt17 cops nypd ticket fixing scandal expected begin surrendering thursday nightfyi. rtcharges expected nypd ticket fixing probe   newyorkcityrtwpix nypd officer ticket fixing arrangement told woman unrelated business "the cheese line way"nypd cops expected surrender shortly criminal charges ticket fixing investigation. story/vide...   bk
ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...jersey shore  stars ronnie sammi splitronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...
rtlawsuit claims  nypd slapped dog window   ows  usdor  nypdarefilthandtheenemyrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayentrepreneurship occupy wall street site suits impromptu businesswoman ...   entrepreneurrtrtlet lawsuits begin. rtrtrtour reporters gassed.rtbloomberg suit add handicapped accessible cabs unfair  average  riders  wastes gas  money   ny daily newslawsuit f.b.i. informant seeks mobster’s link kennedy’s assassinationthe california resale royalties act.  artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebaynypd threaten file civil suit  ows protesters web responds millions sue    fightback  infowarsterryanderson expect united gov resist lawsuit?as courted suitors  yahoo strikes deal bevy potential buyers circles yahoo  t...nypd union warns lawsuits & 8216;occupy& 8217; supportersrtrt mi5 references surface britain phone hacking suit. documents  accuse mr. mulcaire & news world of....&quot;artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayall time favorite clip  time suits  biz shoving cop back=america bravertows rthe resisting. easy. suited officers yelling  "bring fucking van "disabled friendly cabs health hazard  cause injuries & spark lawsuits  mayor    jeez  dicknews artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayfamily bronx cemetery lost grandma ashes  lied & remains stolen suit   negligence  fiduciarycindy hsu (who tweets ) takes unusual art exhibit  cbs2where float yr bday suit
rtresults gen y’s view  occupywallstreet movement   entrepreneursresults beat expectations ericsson nokia nokia gains basic phones partly overshadowed continuin...schoolbook schools mixed results city progress reportsrtin usually.    boycotts=solution boycotts=change you+boycotts=resultsinsanity doing expecting results. ~ albert einsteinsweeping internal nypd probe results 16 arrests    news   msn ca  viartdbenews  dbevideo  sweeping  nypd  probe  results 16  arrests    usa     dbemg  newsrtdbenews  dbevideo  sweeping  nypd  probe  results 16  arrests    usa     dbemg  newsresults gen y’s view  occupywallstreet movement   entrepreneurah  results arab spring "libyan leader’s remark favoring polygamy stirs anger"rtsweeping internal nypd probe results 16 arrests    news   msn ca  viaresults gen y’s view  occupywallstreet movementresults gen y’s view  occupywallstreet movementrt   confined park  socialism fails guys. unlimited access finite resources results proobleeems.results gen y’s view  occupywallstreet movementsweeping internal nypd probe results 16 arrestssweeping nypd probe results 16 arrests anonymous tip crooked cop grew past years...walking stick useful tool. glad foraging successful. wait awhile enjoy resultsc wkndupdate continuous welded rail ten 39  rail sections welded together. cwr results smoother ride  reduction  click  clackwhat mean? search results? probably twitter wonkiness. results. checked  :)occupyresults ==>  occupy skit  snl now
rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickomtif yo receiven candy halloweeño yo sendo ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickoif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickomtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from.rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickodead  “if yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from.rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que tricko
rtsingers pete seeger  arlo guthrie join occupy wall street march nyc  occupywallstreetrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owssinger frances bean cobain engaged rambles singer isaiah silvartsinger pete seeger leads  occupywallstreet marchrtmtrtat 92  [w/] 2 canes  uu folksinger [...] pete seeger walked 36 blocs w/ occupywallstrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtadam levine  fox news launch twitter war maroon 5 singer network play music ..rtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   ows“singers pete seeger  arlo guthrie join occupy wall street march nyc  occupywallstreet  helphave seen video? singersaysis child play compared protests s. africajust started following. impressed tweet content. rtwar criminal kissinger honored n… (cont)rtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtwho = 1%? henry kissinger = 1%.  henry kissinger world 2007    globalrevolution  usdor    owsbarack kissinger obamartinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtoh  sad  :( rtglee singer charice’s dad stabbed death philippinesnba adele throat cancer rep  fans worried british soul singer adele dia...   netsnba ‘glee’ singer charice’s dad killed estranged father singer charice pempengco hit tv sh...   netsrt(via nydailynews) ‘glee’ singer charice’s dad killed estranged father singer charice pempengco hi...
aqueduct racino queens; controversial gambling zone anticipates ...rtimportant  ows vote tonight ny adopting controversial  "spokes" governing idea. proposalaqueduct racino queens; controversial gambling zone anticipates ... "there tradition that...rtcain defends controversial smoking ad chief staff  jobmetro pucks weekly blown leads  controversial call lot losses blew 4 1 lead thir...totally controversial  rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /vianyc  sexedsavesmayor stands city controversial carriage horse industryny sports islanders lose controversial call ot rick dipietro played entire game time  neve...rtlikely public inquiry controversial proposal seafront megastore   arlingtonmargatemayor bloomberg defends controversial gas pipeline project york (cbsnewyork)    lot yorkers ...cain defends controversial smoking ad chief staff  jobrttotally controversial  rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /vianyc  sexedsavescontroversial charter network move cobble hillrtmy extramural activities  time consuming controversial (covering wikileaks usdayofrage re  ows) top time job...coming cbs 2 news 6:00 withand dana tyler controversial sex ed planthe city revealed sex education program. cbs 2 marcia kramer reports controversial curriculum.a federal advisory committee recommending boys hpv vaccination  too. cbs 2’s maurice dubois reports controversialoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     ss501   song youoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     shinee   luciferoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     gdragon   butterflyoccupywallstreet reddit politics whats hot   controversial  top  >>>>     sg wannabe   lalala
rtpeople 99% raise public awareness 99% movement  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% raise public awareness objectives    globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% march streets   raise public awareness  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% march streets   raise public awareness  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    99percent  occupytogetherrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrtpeople 99% raise public awareness 99% movement  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsthe luau  lack situational awareness destroyed paradise   teaparty  tcot  occupywallstreet  becktipsrtrtok people  cpblackcats black cat awareness day trending   rt...raise public awareness goals occupy camps city.  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydcraise public awareness goals occupy camps marching cities.  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydcpeople 99% raise public awareness 99% movement  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentpeople 99% raise public awareness objectives    globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentpeople 99% march streets   raise public awareness  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentpeople 99% march streets   raise public awareness  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    99percent  occupytogetheradvocates tech & awareness mitigate  cyberthreats   cybersecurity tips extend beyond desktop   viaso  movember beethoven awareness month. reals. obey thovenrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsin wondering  beethoven awareness month  “obey thoven"rturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.ows
iraq war veteran scott olsen critical condition police tear gas  occupywallstreet oakland.  fuckthepolicertwe scott olsen    occupy movement battlecry   ows  scottolsen  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  usdor  p2rtwe scott olsen    occupy movement battlecry   ows  scottolsen  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  usdor  p2rtscottolsen silenced.  speak     1u  oo  p2  ows  comm  hsm2  quote  occupy  support  classwar  occupysf  usdorrtwe  scottolsen    love youows  solidarityrtwishing toand injured vet scott olsen.scott olsen ows saint  /viaoccupywallstreetanonymous message scott olsen courageous war veteran injured  occupyoakland  viaows  usdorrtoccupywallstreet  ows   scott olsen occupy oakland  owsscottolsen &  occupyoakland msnbc   ows  occupywallstreetrtrtwe  scottolsen     love youows  solidarityshow support scott olsen rest ows movement  wear black arm band tomorrow.rtwe  scottolsen    love youows  solidarityrtscott olsen awake. able write little bit  roommate says.  scottolsen  occupywallstreetrt"vigils tonight 4  scottolsen  marine attacked cops @  occupoakland  solidarityrtprt pls pray scott olsen  iraq vet injured oaklandegypt scott olsen family.rtwe  scottolsen    love youows  solidarityrtwatch  occupywallst  occupyoakland solidarity march honor  scottolsen  owsrtlive union square park  occupywallst  occupyoakland solidarity march  support  scottolsen.   owsrtmoments scott olsen hit head oakland thugs   occupyoakland  occupywallstreet  ows
rtoccupywallstnyc stationary bikes charge batteries police confiscate gas generators  copols  occupydenveroccupywallstnyc stationary bikes charge batteries police confiscate gas generators  copols  occupydenverrtneedsoftheoccupiers truck batteries? real rework electricity situation  ows.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.a tv reportertold save hard "d" batteries month hurricane. oct. snow + power outage?rtoccupywallstnyc stationary bikes charge batteries police confiscate gas generators  copols  occupydenversolar batteries charging  electricity  power   ows  occupyneedsoftheoccupiers truck batteries? real rework electricity situation  ows.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtneedsoftheoccupiers truck batteries? real rework electricity situation  ows.mtmtneedsoftheoccupiers 4 truck batteries? rework electricity situation  ows.urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtoccupywallstnyc stationary bikes charge batteries police confiscate gas generators  copols  occupydenverrtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"
american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...rtcat  lost lives   kitty lost american airlines months critical conditionrtft. worth based  americanairlines picked "most hated" airline social media study tracking firmsocial media analytics american  airlines hated airline.  canada wonder : ).social media analytics american  airlines hated airline.  canada wonder : ).social media analytics american  airlines hated airline.  canada wonder : ).american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...   york daily newsamerican airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...   york daily newsrtavoiding airline boarding delays using geometry  psychology  yes  fees.american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...twitter... american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research...jack cat   read & share airline animal "handling" policies & procedures     . . .american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...interesting rtamerican airlines voted  hated airline social media  due twitter ..american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...
rtrichest 1% households own 38.2% stock market wealth   poorest 60% own 2.5%   ows  occupywallstreetwe demand 1% sales tax wall street transactions. paid republic.  occupywallstreet  occupywallst   owsrtrt  occupywallstreet naomiwolf calls attention 2 involvement  homelandsecurity arrest   keitholbermannrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsoccupywallstreet   owsrtpatent  broccoli revoked    monsanto tightens death grip food |  gmo  food   ows  occupywallst...rt5 banks account 96% $250 trillion outstanding u.s. derivative exposure.  power?   occupywallst  owsi didn realize phrase "this lawful warning" blanket excuse committing brutality.  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  owsrtsingers pete seeger  arlo guthrie join occupy wall street march nyc  occupywallstreetrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldou jackass  takewallstreet people love rich paying obama 38 000.00 sit eat real quickoakland tense police  protesters clash  attacked liberal country cal ? amazingbud  shocked oakland police riot gear ran  takewallstreet folkstop contributor obama 2012 securities & investment $7 200 000 // 44 blunder  takewallstreet secr… (cont)top contributor obama 2012 securities investment $7 200 000   44 blunder  takewallstreet secretsget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percenta peaceful protester skull fractured police. responsible? people answersowsrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtremember 5th november   occupyoakland  occupywallstreet  occupyboston  occupymaine  occupyatlanta  occupybaltimore  occupyseattle  rtmtv zuccotti park channel premiere "true life i’m occupying wall street"  ows  occupywallstreetwhy  occupywallstreet columbus circle now? annoying. way.  bleh
rtlooking  oh york  gift? transit museum help. click  shop transit  bottomrtwinter   emergency blankets dry socks  gloves  & hats  payless gift certificates 4 shoes  towels  plastic binsisn payless corporation?  geee rtwinter    payless gift certificates 4 shoes  towels  plastic bins  owsmaybe people gifted extreme couponing withmovements near provide items teach 2 2rtrtneeds  emerg blankets  socks  gloves  hats  payless gift certificates 4 shoes  towels  plastic bins 3 post tents  owsmore handouts mtwinter   ... payless gift certificates 4 shoes  towels  plastic bins 3 post tentsrtwinter   emergency blankets  dry socks  gloves  & hats  payless gift certificate… (cont)rtwinter   emergency blankets dry socks  gloves  & hats  payless gift (cont)rtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationholiday gift 4 friends & family $9.99 1st book 5   fortier series  bookclub  nytimes  editors  bloggersrtwinter   er blankets dry socks gloves & hats payless gift certs 4 shoes towels plastic bins 3 post tents  owsrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtwow  historic day for$20m gift line diller/von furstenberg family foundation   generosityrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtamazing. rt$20m gift  highlinenyc diller   von furstenberg family foundation   design  citiesthe power myth  kid lit version pamela paul gifts rick riordan bequeathed world of...occupy los angeles announces construction wi fi tower media system gift occupations.  owsrtgo phillanthropy  rthistoric day for$20m gift diller/von furstenberg family fndtnrtwinter   emergency blankets dry socks  gloves  & hats  payless gift certificates … (cont)rt$20 million gift line park
rtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupieroccupywallstnyc rttouching words patience  newoccupier  solidaritytour  owsrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierclare   newoccupier philly  happened media team & landed livestream gig 2nite "singing w/ pete seeger "  owsisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupiertouching words patience  newoccupier  solidaritytour  ows

rtour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>>>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>>>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>>>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>>>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtpls rt>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorrtour 1st amendright>cops& politicians  2 you">   occupy graphic  usdor>> 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>    occupy graphic  usdorpls rt>>>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorpls rt>>>our 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorour 1st amendment right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdorour 1st amend right>cops& politicians  you">>   occupy graphic  usdor
rtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtoccupywallstreet corporate cronyism government. "taking freebies". dear 53%  99%.  owsrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalism
rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"   ows  usdorrtseriously?  assult rifles? rtthis video  occupudenver appropriately titled  "holy shit"
rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorslol. smh  rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygenerators  /viartay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsbwahahahah    rtmiguel bloombito ay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygenerators*hollers*  rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygenerators
at people learning rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /via[edunews] learning network blog oct. 28  1886 | statue liberty unveiledor maybe home useful learning government  corporationson education learning network blog news quiz | oct. 28  2011the learning network blog news quiz | oct. 28  2011 news day.the learning network blog 6 news |  income top 1 percent 6 news |   b...the learning network blog student opinion |  favorite cartoons? student opinion |  cartoons...“ericcantor cancelled speech wharton "learning was..open 2 public"  missionaccomplishthe learning network blog student opinion |  favorite cartoons? student opinion |  cartoons...the learning network blog oct. 28  1886 | statue liberty unveiledthe learning network blog news quiz | oct. 28  2011the learning network blog 6 news |  income top 1 percentrteric cantor cancelled speech wharton "learning was..open 2 public"    owslearning bad stuff dirty regimegr8 lesson plan 2 teach abt robber barrons  constitution. 2 connect beyond virtual reality learningrthere photo revere (ma) journalism class learning thethe learning network blog news quiz | oct. 28  2011 news day.the learning network blog 6 news |  income top 1 percent 6 news |   b...the learning network blog student opinion |  favorite cartoons? student opinion |  cartoons...oct. 28  1886 | statue liberty unveiled learning network library congressthis engraving  based ...in central park  learning survive wild
and snow effecting  occupy?“winter storm warning effect nyc 2am tomorrow. mta transit service disruptions. infowhere real yorkers bad news rtsnow alert effect city winter previewunfortunately  economy directly tied in2who runs  companies  newspapers  media  wh effects  military agenda   ows  occupywallstreetrti venture occupy protest effective occupy mvmnt.nypd stop frisk policy demands federal probe race based ineffective |  | thank yourtrtwinter storm warning effect nyc 2am tomorrow. (cont)rtpolice trouble handling netting dropping unable effective move crowd.   owsseems logical effective hold line limited resources.owslike really????? rtweather alert winter storm warning nyc effect 2 a.m.rtinvestigation bernie sanders ws runs government      rtamericans  takewallstreet  owsgreat  rtno thank “snow alert effect city winter previewrtthe internet enabler human rights   takewallstreet  globalchange  15oct  ows  oo  americans  occupydenverhere rtsnow alert effect city winter previewrtweather alert winter storm warning nyc effect 2 a.m.occupydfolio storm effecting& northeast cities sleeping outside 31 degree weather"weather alert winter storm warning nyc effect 2 a.m." damn...rttedtalks/how income inequality harms societies real effects health  lifespan  trust.   owsrthuntsman goes "too fail" banks.  occupy wall street effect? popular well.rtweather alert winter storm warning nyc effect 2 a.m.?fohrtweather alert winter storm warning nyc effect 2 a.m.
occupywallstreet  ows actors  actresses  atheletes  rock stars  etc millions tickets expensive  fair? rtronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...dancing stars  week 7 recap rob kardashian catches jr  nancy ... joyce chen cheryl rob ...jersey shore  stars ronnie sammi splitronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...chaz bono blasts  disrespectful   dancing stars  judges ...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ffviartonly darkness stars. martin luther king  occupywallstreetronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...rta read companies (and homeowners too) business reputation management ny timesbarry  feinstein  rock ’n’ roll stars photographer 1960s  died thursday. 80.ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...dancing stars  week 7 recap rob kardashian catches jr  nancy ...rtles stars américaines donnent un coup de pouce à  occupywallstreetronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...dancing stars  hottest beach bodiesronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...
rt1  c2p pipeline "92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrtoccupy wall street donating afloat? [stats]   occupy  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsnew irs stats top 1% earned nearly 17% nation income paid roughly 37% income tax. fair?new irs stats top 1% earned nearly 17% nation income & paid roughly 37% income tax. fair?rtrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrtwhich americans generous   whom? top 1% donate largest % income. stats    viartrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrtoccupywallstreet donating afloat? [stats]     owsrtrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrtoccupy wall street donating afloat? [stats]   occupy  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst"92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrtrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrtoccupywallstreet donating afloat? [stats]rt"americans’ approval congress drops single digits"  stats.rtrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd stats
rthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owshere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owshere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   ows
occupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protestersoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters zoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters xoccupywallstreet fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent   occupywallst   anti99percent   protest   adbusters   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  ioccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  xoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  coccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  noccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters  occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest  koccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent pointless  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest   idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent hate communism  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protestoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  ioccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  y


rtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsoccupyoakland rtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyopsrtnypd purposely sending drunks zuccoti park    occupyoakland  ows  psyops
rtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeupgreat  stay  please? rtoccupy wall street rally union squarertrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeupcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtrtthemartyr   post link please?rtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrt please? tool connect  needsoftheoccupiers people helprt please? tool connect  needsoftheoccupiers people help
rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.i are. lots posh accents bbc news. students playing protestors?rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rtwasting tax revenue overtime begged do./mtnypd sue protestors? check evidence lockers.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rti freaked anonymous nypd costume. cops ows protestors? tried arrested.rtst paul closed anti capitalism protestors? happened stuff rich squeezing camel needles?
rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsmtinteresting ktvu opd rubber bullets bit.ly/udu5tn pic suggests otherwise bit.ly/tyc2pz  occupyoaklandrtrt? drunk music  otherwise totally wasted now.?rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtguy tells march saved people arrest tonight; nypd "definitely" otherwise.  owsrtmon 7pm:occupation overture painted 1812 overture playing otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  ows
rtrtlist urgent donate page (with address ) occupywallst.org/donate/  needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address)   needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address)   needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address)   needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupierslist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiers (livertlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupierslist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiersthe 99% tax plan (with schedules)   ows  owls  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  occupyrtlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiersrtrtlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiersrtlist urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiers“list urgent donate page (with address )   needsoftheoccupiers”
the york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .molt interessant... independència al nytimes battle lines drawn cataloniartthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .
rtny daily news zone jets  maybin edgertthe amazing journey jets... painting  poetry & writing helped overcome personal tragedy   nflgreat article overcoming personal tragedy & adversity  & getting 2nd chance; talentedlbfrom overachieving chrebet stories love jets fan....ny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ...   york daily newsrtny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ...   psurtthe amazing journey jets... painting  poetry & writing helped overcome personal tragedy   nflrtlove  jets rtny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ..   psuny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedies ... | york daily news   billsfound article ny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ...ny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ...rtthe amazing journey jets... painting  poetry & writing helped overcome personal tragedy   nflny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen  including death son   ny ...nba zone jets  maybin edge self portrait hangs baltimore condominium  blen...   netsny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ... maybin started t...love  jets rtny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ..   psuend zone jets  maybin edge self portrait hangs baltimore condominium  blend sharp ...ny sports zone jets  maybin edge self portrait hangs baltimore condominium  blend...rtlove  jets rtny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ..   psuarticle arron  mayhem maybin. quickly becoming favorite players.rtthe amazing journey jets... painting  poetry & writing helped overcome personal tragedy   nfl
rtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtamen "looks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  owsrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtamen "looks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  owsrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetamen "looks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  owsrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreet
i believe jr. lfl divided roman division polanski divisionrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe system desperately trying people separated divided.  occupywallstreet  occupycleveland  occupychi  occupydenver  occupysfthe people  united  divided   standwithoakland  ows  solidatryoccupy divided embrace homeless "interlopers."   wrong ” jessica  22.rtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsmake decisions position unified strength demands position divided weaknes...rtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrta tax bracket divided plan pay   tcot  gop  teapartyrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   ows
rtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead saudi arabia crown prince sultan died  royal court s...dtn usa saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead saudi arabia crown prince sultan died  roya...rt“saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtneedsoftheoccupiers corsets  fishnets  garter belts  burning car frames  golden sparkly crowns  pointy gold dagger fingernail rings  hyenasrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtdinkins regrets handling crown heights.notes dinkins "is guy brought ray kelly."  nycmayors  abny  nypdsaudi crown prince sultan  treated city  dies ailing saudi crown prince sultan bin abdulaziz al saud  wh...rtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead“saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead  rest peacertsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deaddevils crown kings hedberg shutoutdevils crown kings hedberg shutoutdevils crown kings hedberg shutoutrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadreport saudi crown prince dies nyc hospital
rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"pls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.


rtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting.. // idiocracy  p2rtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows”yes  rtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching (cont)rtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows
rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"pls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rtpls help “urgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps"rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers laundry detergent  video cord  trash bags  aaa&aa batteries  sizes tarps.
we mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreet
rtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjcheck video    stunning occupy wall street interview concerning nypd & protest moveme...  via..rtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjthis makes heart sink. rtstunning   riot cops blocking street  occupyoakland  viaows"occupy wall street achieved stunning victory – victory easy overlook  impossible...rtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjh. clinton gaddafi   died     stunning   words    takewallstreet  globalchange  15oct  owsrtthe stunning victory occupy wall street achieved   ows  p2rtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjstunning vintage woodcuts lynd ward father graphic novel  tackle timeless social justice issues   viartwent view placethe building actually stunning inside obvious sense community there. <3rtrtgustav klimt tate liverpool. lucky visit stunning exhibition  artrtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtcelebrate diwali withs stunning guide flushing little indiarajatgupta stunning fall grace star executivertthe stunning victory occupy wall street achieved
undercover cops paid disruptive loud  citibank  protester | york observer   usdor  owsundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester   usdor  ows ... sup?rtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observerrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observerrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer htt...rtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observerrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsusdayofrage undercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester york observer   usdor  ows"rtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  ows
rtthis looks reasonable peace keeping tactic. rtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoakland   owsrtrtanother rubber bullet contusion individual.  occupyoakland  (cont…rtrtrtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoaklandrtrtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoaklandmt:rt:rubbr bullet contusion individual  occupyoakland   occupyrvaouch  rtrtrtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoakland“rtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoaklandrtrtrtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoaklandrtrtanother rubber bullet contusion individual  occupyoakland   owsrtanother rubber bullet contusion individual.  occupyoakland  shared byviartrubber bullet contusion  occupyoakland“rubber bullet contusion  occupyoakland  ouchrtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoaklandalsothinks contusion isn deal looks cry bloody noserubber bullet contusion  occupyoakland  (via)  ows  occupychi  occupywallstreetrubber bullet contusion  occupyoaklandrtthis looks reasonable peace keeping tactic. rtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoakland   owsrtrtrtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoaklandrtanother rubber bullet contusion individual.  occupyoaklandrtrtrtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoaklandrtrtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoakland
gigantic bankruptcy leaves future former jersey gov. jon corzine risk corzine  name g...rtgoldman secret sauce doesn look exported. thain. rubin. flowers. corzine.  h/tcorzine stole half billion dollars 99%  feeding troughgigantic bankruptcy leaves future former jersey gov. jon corzine riskcorzine crashes it’s 2008"mr. corzine sought bolster profits increasing bets firm using own capital"chapter 11 news. gigantic bankruptcy leaves future former jersey gov. jon corzine risk mf global  the...rtnew york times  liberal columnist joe nocera suddenly realizes jon corzine doesn practice preacheswe re lose gov christie clean corzine mess we?  corzine company files bankruptcywhat re reading cup joe nocera fkin  corzine...nytimes corzine plays "heads win  tails lose" game compensation  destroyed company.rtnew york times  liberal columnist joe nocera suddenly realizes jon corzine doesn practice preachesat jon corzine busted mf global  64% revenue compensation  + $12.1 million golden parachute jon.corzine timeline glory goldman mf global bankruptcy  ran wall street’s powerful inve...gigantic bankruptcy leaves future former jersey gov. jon corzine risk corzine  name g...nba corzine company files bankruptcy ran wall street’s powerful investment banks ...   netseurope debt threatens mf global  corzine february 2008  firm disclosed employee was...rtnew york times  liberal columnist joe nocera suddenly realizes jon corzine doesn practice preachesyou won believe money jon corzine walk mf global   takewallstreet  occupytorontony times regulators investigating mf global missing funds    > nice bookkeeping  governor corzine...how former goldman ceo nj governor jon corzine ran mf global ground (cant rub corzin...
it expected becauseis whore rich & powerful  dsknypd rape cops etcwhats wrong whore living room? kitchen? bathroom? backseat jeep? smhrtummm. rtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianswag rtrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianlol inappropriate rthahaaa  rtwoman  whore (cont)rtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianrtnj politician phil mitsch tweets woman  whore bedroom  kee..nj politican advises women whoresrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianit public platform  moron > rep. phil mitsch tweets woman  whore bedroomyep. annoying  you’ve ignore lies. attention whores attention.rtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politicianrtwoman  whore bedroom   tweets nj politiciannj politician phil mitsch tweets woman  whore bedroomnj rep. sen phil mitsch women "lady living  whore bedroom" 2 man?rick perry little whore texas | politics news | rolling stone    stopteaparty  stopgop  occupywallstreet   ffalso 2 pimp  ows 4 money out. faith thatwill any1s whore.why tweet that? smh.?nj politician phil mitsch tweets woman  whore bedroom
important essay byecology bubble bursts bit.ly/pxnac6   sustain global ecology left  occupywallstreet  owscan  ows create sustained change? happen? thoughtful piece leaders fighting wall stdon d.c. sustain  ows (yet); class  absent movement names.rtno nonsense news     top stories skyenicolas  sustainabldylan  occupywallstrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementenabling urban sustainability; please share networkrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementimportant essay byecology bubble bursts bit.ly/pxnac6   sustain global ecology left  occupywallstreet  owsrtrtmark night oakland gassed 1k citizens  2k assembled.  occupyoakland  owsecho study reveals consumers continue taking sustainability account shopping.important essay byecology bubble bursts bit.ly/pxnac6   sustain global ecology left  occupywallstreet  owsrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementdaily kos video spiritual dimensions occupy wall street   ows  occupy  occupywallstreet  sustainability  usdorrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementcreate self sustaining community occupy camps care world economy collapses.  ows  usdormake plan self sustaining community care world economy collapses.    usdordo   plan self sustaining community occupy camps survive world economy collapses.  usdordo   plan self sustaining community occupy camps survive world economy collapses.  usdor  owsdo   plan self sustaining community occupy camps survive world economy collapses.  ows  usdor
rtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetnypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...rtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetnypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...rtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetnypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...rtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetrtplaza  people starting gather. grass fenced off. 4 ga @ 6   occupyoakland  standwithoakland  owsway that.  news. extremely difficult pull off.  generalstrike  occupyoaklandrtvibe darker  police edge march. music off. headed plaza.  occupyoakland  owspeoples mic temple stu cen clinton cancelled mayor campaign kickoff.  occupyphilly  endthesilencenypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...rtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreetnypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...rtlooks nypd doesn here. ll day tell commanding officers fuck off.  occupywallstreet
rtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsnytimes corzine plays "heads win  tails lose" game compensation  destroyed company.rtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  ows
“nyc’s food trucks schnitzel &nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...
rtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website...<  it. now.what makes confirm origin "new concept"   occupywallst forum website.rtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementthe profile "official source" lists website. re verified account.rtbeen playing  story   website. hours fun. try it. *bangs head desk  logs off*has posted  fascinating video ofon website...rtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movement
rtalso popularpost nypd occupy wall street  byrtnypd removed generators  ows camp hours snow started fallrtmother jones nypd occupy wall street   ows  99percentrichmond  va guess mayor dwight c. jones..*ain it*  occupywallstreet   comply arrestedrtmost recent fromon nypd officers  surprising occupy wall street?   owsisn generator coming? rtrtnypd removed generators  ows camp (cont)rtwow. rt3 sought zuccotti park death threatorlando jones fire tweets urging liberals  kill sarah palinmother jones nypd occupy wall street   ows  99percentrtsean brennan fromon momo jones   icmbb  maachoopsrtnypd removed generators  ows camp hours snow started fallrtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planrtwhat nypd occupy wall street  viartmother jones nypd occupy wall street   ows  99percentrtvideo  occupywallstreet leaving home. brilliant planex tv weather anchor heidi jones sentenced 350 hours community service ...rttoday read story nypd  occupywallstreet  byrt"we " duty cop. mother jones nypd  ows (  theyarethe99%rtrtnypd removed generators  ows camp hours snow started fallfellow mark jones quoted inaboutcalling"brother"  gop debate.rtalso popularpost nypd occupy wall street  by
rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?protesters arrested.police friend station admits cops sending homeless disrupt protesters.  ows  usdorrtnypd finally admit police broke rules pepper spraying ~rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?lol rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?boy scout officials admit failing stop child molester boy scout officials u.s. canada fa...rtrtnypd finally admit police broke rules pepper spray...   gfw  fuckgfw  vpnrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?   anonyopsrthow couples coupling  occupywallstreet (admit  ve curious.)rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?douglas  son admits smuggling drugs jail michael douglas  troubled son pleaded guilty thursday a...ohhellnawl lnbs  grass green news – nypd cop admits innocent people framed meet quotas   form...horrible storyofficials failed stop admitted child molester reportboy scout officials failed stop admitted child molester report rtbloomberg administration admits mishandling citytime nycaps programs“rank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?
rtthis rt‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street siterecalls joker setting stacks $ fire:“:‘dark knight rises’ film near ows sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitertthis rt‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street siteoccupybackgroundroles "‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street siteorly? "‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitert‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street site

fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...
rtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsrtoccupywallstnyc stationary bikes charge batteries police confiscate gas generators  copols  occupydenverrtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtprops 2  nypd 4 nudge 2 green ;) rtw/ gas powered generators confiscated   ows 2 bicycle power.rtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstre nypd fdny confiscated generators & fuel containers protesters  g. hurts doesn  i...occupywallstnyc stationary bikes charge batteries police confiscate gas generators  copols  occupydenverrtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.   occupywallstreet  occupyrtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.   occupywallstreet  occupyrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsrtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickodid read genius move blooberg pulled? nypd confiscated heat source surprise inspection. lol loveitrtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que tricko
philip caulfield "shorter university ga. requires employees sign pledge saying gay"  readrtmayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits | now??rule allow regulators detailed look hedge funds   rule adopted wednesday requires funds repor...mayor michael bloomberg  occupywallstreet protesters city require permits   tcot  twistes  teaparty  p2"mayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits"mayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits"power corrupts  absolute power corrupts absolutely ".  continued existence requires balance.occupy  owsmayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits“city require permits   iavian” timebloomberg starting require permits  ows   tcot  teapartybloomberg city require permits  occupywallstreet marchesrtat  nyc schools  finding time exercise. none schools audited met physical education requirements.rtrtso  occupywallstreet filled required epa environmental impact forms?rtat  nyc schools  finding time exercise. none schools audited met physical education requirements.city require permits   iavianrtthere engaging 2 party charade democracy require corporate support. obama try.  occupywallstreetrtbloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permitsnytfashionandstyle listing profile events  require invitation.   bling  jewelrymayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permitsmayor bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits  bitchass move wall st. puppetlol. smh. "rtbloomberg city require permits  occupywallstreet marches
rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.occupyoakland  occupyatlanta  occupysf  ows  occupywallstreet gasmasks  10$ destroy weapon..manhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.manhattan   *u/d shots fired* riverside drive & 91 st   nypd stating suspect fled officers weapon.  breakingbrooklyn    nypd scene commercial robbery 386 fulton st duane reade. perp armed weapon.  breaking  nyc (d7)rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.manhattan update riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy cr ...rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan   *u/d shots fired* riverside drive & 91 st   nypd stating suspect fled officers weapon.  breakingrtoccupydenver assembly park grass riot. driving 1/2 ton motorcycle crowd menacing lethal weapon.  owsrtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.manhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.manhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.
rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorslol. smh  rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygenerators  /viartay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsbwahahahah    rtmiguel bloombito ay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygenerators*hollers*  rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygenerators
“maybe u.s. invade oakland    unlike iraq    actually chemical weapons”  occupywallstreetrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver pd firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtre  occupyoakland  war terror defense contractors realize sell weapons civil forces    usdorrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtdisguised weapons law enforcemnt guide covert guns  knives  weapons written nypd office...rtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtu rememba tiananmen sq world govs spoke horror using tactics weapons 2stop freedom2question  occupywallstreetrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rt
india india’s middle class appears shed political apathy recent anticorruption protests stirred ...rta searingly honest read onby failed repat "why left india (again)"rtoccupymuncie  voices |  muncie free press   occupywallstreet  usdor  ows  indiana  hoosiers  99percentrtoccupymuncie  voices |  muncie free press  via  ows  usdor  occupywallstreet  indiana  99percentrtone  voices  occupymuncie |  muncie free press   occupywallstreet  usdor  indiana  99percentindia india’s middle class appears shed political apathy recent anticorruption protests stirred ...indians stressed?rtqueens hillside ave & 165 st jumper apparently doa scene. crime scene established.top universities  india israel vying bloomberg  genius grant ...   york daily newsdrheynen   india > “traffic hell”in india  movement frayed self  wish  impoverished women spared indignity associationtop universities  india israel vying bloomberg  genius grant ... includes pitche...top universities  india israel vying bloomberg  genius grant ... ll evaluate plans...hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention   13 wthr  news leader indianapo...sugarland returns indianapolis months deadly stage collapse ...   york daily newsrtmy 1994cover story rajat gupta linked inpost by&rtgoans threaten boycott jet airways meat policy.rt.compares occupy wall street india anna hazare movement.  ows achievement =corruption scandals  market drops hit india richrtoccupymuncie marches |  muncie  indiana free press  via  occupywallstreet  usdormuppets  warhol rebirth lady gaga delhi  indiaexcitingads  india ink  bangalore  metro fanfare bangalore finally gets…
rtcobra task force chief nypd zucotti park via scanner.  owsrtows  nypd cobra task force corner zucotti park  heads  rtcommit animal abuse assault time.   multitask  guys.   owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrt  cobra task forcertows  nypd cobra task force corner zucotti park  heads  rtrturgent nyc  task force heading park row stand union square park situation.ows  occupytogether  occupynothing android? "too nypd stop frisksurges app rightsrtrrturgent nyc  task force requested broadway/cityhall.ows  occupytogether  occupy"rturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrtrrturgent nyc  task force requested broadway/cityhall.ows  occupytogether  occupy"predicting future wisdom crowds rtuniversity studies crowdsourcing intelligencertows  nypd cobra task force corner zucotti park  heads  rtrtows  nypd cobra task force corner zucotti park  heads  rtrtows  nypd cobra task force corner zucotti park  heads  rtrtthere interagency taskforce dealing this+calling shots. doubt.  occupyoakland  occupybaltimore  occupyatlantai heard too. cobra task force chief department zp nypd scanner  owsrtrrturgent nyc  task force requested broadway/cityhall.ows  occupytogether  occupy"rturgent nyc  cobra task force chief police zuccotti park.ows  occupytogether  occupyrtrrturgent nyc  task force requested broadway/cityhall.ows  occupytogether  occupy"
rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rt92 yr pete seeger marching broadway aid canes singing riverside.  powerful. ows  occupywallstreetmanhattan   shots fired duty  nypd officer riverside dr & 91 st.  aviation  esu &  k9 requested.  breakingi framed accused riverside park rapist   homeless casanova trial rape denied monday forced...u/d manhattan 24 precinct shots fired duty nypd officer riverside dr & 91 st. request aviation esu & 9 ems crime scene setup ku/d 24 precinct pd report perp fled mos weapon request ems mos heavy nypd crime scene setup 91st & riverside dr 10:56:40 pmmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan *u/d shots fired & nypd gun stolen*  nypd telling "plain cloths officers" exit riverside park immediately.rtmanhattan *u/d shots fired  nypd officer assaulted & weapon stolen* massive  nypd crime scene established @ riverside drive & 91 st (d1)manhattan   shots fired duty  nypd officer riverside dr & 91 st.  aviation  esu &  k9 requested.  breaking (d84)manhattan   *u/d shots fired* riverside drive & 91 st   nypd stating suspect fled officers weapon.  breakingmanhattan *u/d shots fired  nypd officer assaulted & weapon stolen* massive  nypd crime scene established @ riverside drive & 91 st (d1)manhattan *u/d shots fired & nypd gun stolen*  nypd telling "plain cloths officers" exit riverside park immediately.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.manhattan update riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy cr ...rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtrtoccupynashville threat eviction. live   contact nashville authorities. rtrtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan   *u/d shots fired* riverside drive & 91 st   nypd stating suspect fled officers weapon.  breakingrtmanhattan   shots fired duty  nypd officer riverside dr & 91 st.  aviation  esu &  k9 requested.  breaking (d84)rtmanhattan *u/d shots fired  nypd officer assaulted & weapon stolen* massive  nypd crime scene established @ riverside drive & 91 st (d1)
afl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs via    ...rtafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs  tcot  lur  unions  1unydailynews discusses hallyu wave  snsd  wonder girls  2ne1 &  viartafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs  tcot  lur  unions  1uagc afl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobsafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama  jobsrtviaafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs   tcot  rsafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobsrtafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs   tcot  rsrtafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs   tcot  rswhy guys look slimy car salesmen? >> afl cio boss discusses  occupywallst   twisters  twcot  tcotco founder discusses role social media organizing  occupywallstreet  owsare surgeons reliant mri?  article york times discusses dr james andrews so...rtwall street interpreted hollywood film  margin call   director jc chandler discussesan expert fromdiscusses zuccotti park health hazarddr. stephen paget discusses importance communication & doctorrtafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs via    ...afl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs  viartafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs  viasoundbite; "afl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs   tcot  rs"rtafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs   tcot  rs
nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...
cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime   newyorktimescardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...for dewitt selig  thrilling game lives sixth game world series  texas r...for dewitt selig  game lifetime decades baseball  bud selig  game’s commission...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...news cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime ...   nytimescardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime ...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime men...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetimecardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime men...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  thrilling game lives  [ny times global]cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  thrilling game lives  [ny times baseball]cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime with...   teamfollowbackcardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime  [ny times]cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...
rtojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalaverdaderamente "ojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojala "rtojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojalartojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojala“ojala "occupywallstreet" sea un verdadero despertar. ojala ” ya mames
bud  shocked oakland police riot gear ran  takewallstreet folksrtconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitert40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  owsrt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  owsrtwhat happening union square? remnants march? tons nypd riot gear zuccotti. fewer 75 officers  owsrtconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitert40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  ows vrtconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertwhat happening union square? remnants march? tons nypd riot gear zuccotti. fewer 75 officers  owsrt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  owsrtjust lost live stream  occupydenver. cops riot gear. ugly.  herewegoagainrtthat riot gear cops using bought money schools  occupyoakland  usdorrt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  owsrt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  owsrtconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertrt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  ows
rturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtto aroynd world currently occuping parks  squares spacesrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrthelprate nyc privately owned public spaces (likein zuccotti park)   owsrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtwe toiletries  blankets  ipads  oxygen tanks spacesuits.  occupywallst  ows  tcot  occupyjupiterrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersimpossibly vague rules governing spaces zuccotti park fixed   york daily newsrtrtwe toiletries  blankets  ipads  oxygen tanks spacesuits.  occupywallst  ows  tcot  occupyjupiterrtwe toiletries  blankets  ipads  oxygen tanks spacesuits.  occupywallst  ows  tcot  occupyjupiter
rtrtwhere joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship  china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreadsrtwhere internet joke joke – fantastic  chilling read censorship china   longreads
rtthat job  mtwhy hell nypd wasting resources following twitter accounts & spewing information random peopleforum post failing dollar massive debt crisis ... news resources protesters attending m...how msm sources print exactly says? oakland pd statement   ows  occupyoakland  occupyamerica  usdorrtcorrupt government preys resources & spirits citizens.  usdor  occupyoakland“sources brooklyn woman killed shooting pregnant  mother 13   sadrtwikileaks spectacular operational security  protection confidential sources | nytrt...why hell nypd wasting resources following accounts twitter spewing information random people.rtap sources 12 nypd officers charged ticket fixing probe investigation   rasrtcorrupt government preys resources & spirits citizens.  usdor  occupyoaklandrtbeltway patronage network. corrupt inefficient institution. preys resources & spirits citizens.  usdori hate fake thugs smhrtsources brooklyn woman killed shooting pregnant  mother 13rtus day rage   day rage resources assemblies proteststonight vigils america scott olsen  marine veteran ... news resources protesters attending ...to help explain protests  trustworthy sources occupy wall street grievancesseems logical effective hold line limited resources.owscalifornia air resources board approves carbon cap trade starting 2013. offsets us.rtfree & fair elections remedy myriad ills & abuses gov preys resources spirits citizens.  usdorap sources 12 nypd officers charged ticket fixing probe investigation    raswithout computer security  sources’ secrets aren’t safe journalistsresources | nycga   occupywallstreet  occupywallstnyc  owsresources | nycga   occupywallstreet  occupywallstnyc  ows
suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan   newyorktimesrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6  pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanwhy drones  cowardly isn  ?suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistannews suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistansuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...rtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanrtthe funniest  occupywallstreet  tcot battle drones flaming  ows helps causesuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan   nyt  nytimes  newsdtn usa suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehi...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...at  nypd drones crowds   oops  guess   re ones giving orders.suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...rtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistansuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanrtrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six mis...
rtwhat america president silent human & constitutional rights tread on?  occupy  ows  usdorrtmthard understand. constitution protects assemble. disgraceful.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtcongress remiss constitutional duty  gathered apps re article single public record   usdorunconstitutionally arresting people trying defend constitution. ironic time low american politicsrtrt:calls constitutional amendment overturn  corporations people  court decision.  occupytucson  occupyphoenixrthard understand. constitution protects assemble. disgraceful.  occupyoakland  ows  occupytucsonrtthe  99percent declaration  ows proposes constitutional assembly   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  usdornashville judge releases  occupynashville arrestees citing constitutional reason arrests.  ows  occupyoakland  net4change  usdortucson citizens respond 2 choice mayor council 2 defy u.s. & constitutions  ows   occupyphoenix  ows  usdorthe  99percent declaration  ows proposes constitutional assembly   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  usdorrtdespite 400+ apps leg 49  50  denied constitutional article conv    usdorbastille day   occupywallstreet  ows  constitutionhelp protectprotesters  constitutional peaceful assemblyrtcall nashville mayor karl dean (615) 862 6000 & remind constitutional 2 assemble  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  owsdefend constitution enemies include domestic. vets oath challenged. defend 1st amndmnt  occupywallstreetrtserving country mean chain command means constitution. right.  ows  occupywallstreetrtdraft constitutional amendment petition 2  getmoneyout politics  text sign +19177206888  ows   occupywallstreetrta calling amendatory convention article federal constitution   usdor  owsyou review constitution  cops protecting people  occupywallstreet corporations.rtthe loud drumming constitutionally protected imho; noise ordinances legal. drumming nypd excuse     ows  cb1its shame police departments hire people understand constitution... sheep police thugs
outraged investors tear murdoch  demand quit rupert murdoch jousted disgruntled shareholders frida...rtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshednew york times expect agm > "irate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshed"rtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedoutraged investors tear murdoch  demand quit rupert murdoch jousted disgruntled shareholders frida...rtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedit  lol rtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedoutraged investors tear murdoch  demand quit rupert murdoch jousted disgruntled shareholders frida...rtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedirate news corp. shareholders murdoch woodshedrtdealbook news corporation annual shareholders meeting
we mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreetwe mebendazole  otcounter b4 civilwar   occupywallstreet

rti hearing thatwants every1 2  libertysquare. ve using  libertyplaza. temp check?  owsrtlaw enforcement attempting infiltrate  occupy movement expect doxed.   p2  gop  ows  govt  jobs  tcot  usdor  vpn  antisecthere buddhist nun selling bracelets raise funds rebuild burned templescrewed herrtrtlandon donovan red bulls blast  sheds light temperament issues henry marquezrtcity traditional sukkahs temporarily harvest festivalbernie madoff & wife attempted suicide report bernie madoff wife swindler husband tried ...bernie madoff & wife attempted suicide report los angeles   cardiologist accused accidentally killing m...rtlaw enforcement attempting infiltrate  occupy movement expect doxed.   p2  gop  ows  govt  jobs  tcot  usdor  vpn  antiseclong island couple attempts trademark  occupywallstreet   owsfail israels attempt2  influence  policy  usa  corrupt  america  values & corporate business.  reality  truth  occupywallstreetwe dropped winter  occupysurvival tips  ows smart retweet    temps knowevery tent park snow domes.  ice snow temperature isolators.    needsoftheoccupiersrtrt“if nypd bunch protesters  kettling attempts epic fail” spreadmuseums contemporary art question marks britain viau.s. army contemplates french manicure ban <<rtmtpeoples mic temple clinton cancelled mayor campaign kickoff  occupyphillyi watch tomorrow  possible? people charged with? "attempt removing funds" ??rtthe  solidaritytour temporarily grounded pa due 2 flat tire. agent provocateur?  lulzit transparent attempt restart  emoprog  obot  puma wars left. sick work.she tried attempted murder. woman disgusting.  ows  occupyoaklandrtmtformer pres clinton cancelled speaking engagement temple u.  occupyphilly

what you?rtsnow cominghow wuss  home  forgets you?woo usa usa pathetic.acting bullies playground. bet laugh it. idea you?i am beginning tough winter. you?heyisnt nice respectable people supporting you?   ows  iamthe53snow cominghow wuss  home  forgets you?rtsnow cominghow wuss  home  forgets you?who paying you? supports press? owns press? gop role? live? moneyrt.another day defeat american jobs act. you? teachers responders help.rtheyisnt nice respectable people supporting you?   ows  iamthe53where you? driving rtneedsoftheoccupiers food city hall  ows  occupyaustin  austin  notoidk  nypd officer costume don plans : / ...you?what personality you? apparently  sports lover ... personality type honestdidn look retweeted you?note nypd corporatocracy comes union rights  stand you?is you? ll word follow re posting vid  occupysf  owswhat?  mayor you?  nyc  bloomberg runs candy  halloween.  occupygraciemansion  owsrtsnow cominghow wuss  home  forgets you?rtsnow cominghow wuss  home  forgets you?.another day defeat american jobs act. you? teachers responders help.you legal aid  you?
rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortlos occupadoros atshould vamos el zuccotti parko por que harold camping dice el rapturo es coming  cuidadortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldoha  rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldocuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldo
rtrt360 degrees riot police protecting  occupydenver amendment capitolrtwe love zero degree sleeping bags cold nights ahead. thanks   needsoftheoccupiersrtwe love zero degree sleeping bags cold nights ahead. thanks   needsoftheoccupiersrtdenver police officer hits protester (pic)   occupydenver  ows stay warm  occupywallstreet 30 degrees outrtwinterization 1 0 degree sleeping bags  military style/surplus tents  socks & footware  cots  shovels  needsoftheoccupiersjohn haggerty found guilty 2nd degree larceny & money laundering incampaign trial  ...   bkwhat’s stigma surrounding criminal justice degree? cop  hopefully nypd. am current...rtwinterization 1 0 degree sleeping bags  military style/surplus tents  socks & footware  cots  shovels  needsoftheoccupiersrtwinterization 1 0 degree sleeping bags  military style/surplus tents  socks & footware  cots  shovels  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe love zero degree sleeping bags cold nights ahead. thanks   needsoftheoccupiersthe rising value science degreeeconomix blog rising value science degreeletters weighing value law degree   york timesbut underpaid workforce grunt 2 college degrees $100k student loansrain stopped temp dropping 30 degrees. thinking uwe send lov & energy warmth stand 4 99%  owsoccupydfolio storm effecting& northeast cities sleeping outside 31 degree weatherrteconomix blog rising value science degree   newsclubvid temp hits 33 degrees. hard sleet falling  occupyphilly. plz tweet blankets  tarps  heaters needed.rtwhich americans generous   whom? top 1% donate largest % income. stats    viaoccupydenver help denver dropped 20 degrees camping sidewalk tents  occupyoakland  occupysf  occupywallstrtwe love zero degree sleeping bags cold nights ahead. thanks   needsoftheoccupiers
rtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtntc usa occupywallstnyc police disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare ...   occupy  usantcrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrticymi report at:police disguise protest sabotage public safetydisguised weapons law enforcemnt guide covert guns  knives  weapons written nypd office...rtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrticymi report at:police disguise protest sabotage public safetyrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsicymi report at:police disguise protest sabotage public safetyrticymi report at:police disguise protest sabotage public safetyrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrticymi report at:police disguise protest sabotage public safetyrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaows
rt“show  solidarity friends  occupydenver currently attack. live   ows”rt“you thisiraq war veteran critical condition night   occupyoakland  ows”“columbus circle  occupied. chants "we 99% "  occupythecircle  ows” omg hood now.“columbus circle  occupied. chants "we 99% "  occupythecircle  ows” : ) noise 4  xoxortrt “breaking protesters tahrir march embassy tomorrow solidarity  occupyoakland  ows”  solidarity"rt“ sorry inconvenience   ows” pix““contentious  generalassembly  ever?  ows””rtrt “breaking protesters tahrir march embassy tomorrow solidarity  occupyoakland  ows”  solidarity"rtrt “breaking protesters tahrir march embassy tomorrow solidarity  occupyoakland  ows”  solidarity"rtrtwill send $20 000 + 100 tents  occupyoakland.  ows” damn  redistributing wealth.rt“show  solidarity friends  occupydenver currently attack. live   ows”“i hearing thatwants every1 2  libertysquare.  ows”/ instead ows too?“you thisiraq war veteran critical condition night   occupyoakland  ows”rtrt “breaking protesters tahrir march embassy tomorrow solidarity  occupyoakland  ows”  solidarity"rtrt “breaking protesters tahrir march embassy tomorrow solidarity  occupyoakland  ows”  solidarity"“feeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   ows”“rtrtchoppers hella low.  occupysf  ows”“show  solidarity friends  occupydenver currently attack. live   ows”heartwarming earwarming “thanks supported us. love  solidarity   ows”rtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows”rtrt “breaking protesters tahrir march embassy tomorrow solidarity  occupyoakland  ows”  solidarity"
profadvantageuk rtthis eulogy steve jobs sister moving  inspiring thing...a sister’s eulogy steve jobs     (via instapaper)a sister’s eulogy steve jobs      (via instapaper)worth read sister’s eulogy steve jobs   stevejobsrta sister eulogy steve jobs... touching... steve lasts words appropriate. readrtthis awesome "a sister’s eulogy steve jobs"long worth ty rta sister’s eulogy steve jobsa sister’s eulogy steve jobsi embarrassed welled little sister’s eulogya sister eulogy steve jobs"we all—in end—die medias res. middle story. stories." sister’s eulogy  stevejobs   lirta sister’s eulogy steve jobsa sister’s eulogy steve jobsswissmiss   sister’s eulogy steve jobs     lived life  rip steve jobspor favor léanlo sister’s eulogy steve jobsrta moving eulogy steve jobs  sister  read words  aren surprisea sister’s eulogy steve jobs     (via instapaper)sj’s eulogy beautiful. sj’s  b/c died middle story  loved ones do.hadn read before. incredibly moving. steve jobs sister eulogy brothera sister’s eulogy steve jobs  poignant beautifully written.a sister’s eulogy steve jobs
cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime   newyorktimesrangers look renovated gardenjohn tortorella channels inner allen iverson ny rangers return ...rangers rally 9th  win 2 1 tie world series cardinals  bullpen human  all. st. louis thr...chinese debate aiding strangers toddler critical injury (nyt)new york york daily newsny rangers look renovated madison square gardennew york dail...  apartmentsrtrangers 2  cardinals 1 similar scriptnew york rangers blow goal lead  lose shootout ottawa senators   york daily newsrtny rangers  henrik lundqvist  brad richards react 4 2 loss toronto maple ...rtwojtek wolski hopes play edmonton  "rather know" john tortorella vancouver  nyrsens  senators york rangers blow goal lead  lose ottawa senators   york daily newsryan leads past san jose rangers themselves blueprint hold lead ...cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...ny rangers word injured defenseman marc staal   york daily newsrtnytimes rangers rise. texasrtgame 6 world series texas rangers st. louis cardinals rained out; ..cardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime decades base...hidangerrangers airs  saturday 12pm station  rt?  newyorkrtnew york rangers blow goal lead  lose shootout ottawa senatorsrangers rally 9th  beat cards series little bloop  daring steal couple fly balls.loving winning hat  rangers season. hope often. prust tonight.   nyr
rtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti park“columnist nypd encouraging drunks 2 join occupiers   doesnt anymore insane  collective insanityrtexcellent article feminism islamism  tunisia election winning party  ennahda encouraging.rtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkit conflict caused byencouraging inmates parole zuccotti park  owsrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parknypd encouraging troublemakers  zuccotti ?  occupy  owsrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parknyc drunks encouraged “take zuccotti” police   ows set  fail encouraging protestcolumnist nypd encouraging drunks join occupiersexcellent article feminism islamism  tunisia election winning party  ennahda encouraging.rtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtthey fit // columnist nypd encouraging drunks join occupiers  viartreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti park
rtthis looks reasonable peace keeping tactic. rtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoakland   owsrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver pd firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtrtanother rubber bullet contusion individual.  occupyoakland  (cont…rtrtrtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoaklandrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtbusted? "oakland police deny rubber bullets. nice try.   ows  occupywallst"rtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtriot squad again? original  oaklandpd. maybe time wont shoot vets rubber roundsrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtok  seriously wound baby mtpeace keeping tactic. rtrubber bullet   owsrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtrtrubber bullet contusion  occupyoaklandrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtmt:rt1 protestr injured. rubber bullet(?) head.   occupyoakland  occupyrva
fox news nypd officers charged allegedly helping friends ticketsnypd officers charged fixing traffic tickets friendsrt“surely ny atty contest zeinab tickets pro bono?” // anyone?fixing tickets. running guns. beating protesters.  nypd   em proudagc nypd officers charged allegedly helping friends ticketsnypd officers charged allegedly helping friends ticketsrtnypd officers surrender allegedly helping friends avoid paying tickets   ows  usdorrtif lottery paid  people buy tickets? world starts look euro cdsrtin  famine  vouchers tickets survival  eastafrica  foodcrisisoccupywallstreet  ows actors  actresses  atheletes  rock stars  etc millions tickets expensive  fair? rtrtus 12 nypd officers charged allegedly helping friends ticketsnatl news  nypd officers charged allegedly helping friends tickets nearly th...   newsdtn usa nypd officers charged allegedly helping friends tickets nearly years...rtin  famine  vouchers tickets survival  eastafrica  foodcrisisanother nypd scam police officers "fixing" tickets family friends  fraud.nypd officers charged allegedly helping friends tickets nearly ago a...lucky gamber rakes $375000 winning st. louis cardinals bets worth $500 disputes tickets are...surely ny atty contest zeinab tickets pro bono?i donations cover tickets capitulate intimidation tactics nypd?rtin  famine  vouchers tickets survival  eastafrica  foodcrisisrtin famine  vouchers tickets survival  via
rtdon’t blink  hazards confidencei the& nyc firefighter bar outdoor propane heater. fire hazards.  owsdon’t blink  hazards confidence   management  strategy  mbanytimes don’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidence |"don blink  hazards confidence" readrtdon’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencertfdny removes hazards zuccotti park   newyorkcity  majorengagerrtdon’t blink  hazards confidencemy "illusion validity" early; caffeine.  nyt hazards overconfidence  kahneman  behavioralinvestingrtdon’t blink  hazards confidence" exaggerated expectation consistency common error" rtdon’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencefascinating highly recommended read... rtdon’t blink  hazards confidence
ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...
rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortel ñypd stopo frisko todos los en costume este noche que checko para los huevos rottenado el papel del toileta.mtif yo receiven candy halloweeño yo sendo ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortel ñypd stopo frisko todos los en costume este noche que checko para los huevos rottenado el papel del toileta.rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickoif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortel ñypd stopo frisko todos los en costume este noche que checko para los huevos rottenado el papel del toileta.rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickomtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from.rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que tricko


“sources brooklyn woman killed shooting pregnant  mother 13   sadpregnant woman birth healthy baby  dies hit run ...pregnant mom dies shielding kids gunman. terrible story. 13 kids? 33 old?pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman brooklyn   viai hate fake thugs smhrtsources brooklyn woman killed shooting pregnant  mother 13rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunmanrtpregnant mom dies shielding schoolchildren rooftop gunman brooklynrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnews*damn* rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman brooklyn   b...   bkrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...pregnant mom dies shielding kids gunmanrtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /via// guess pregnant teensrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman    breakingnewsrtsad... rttx pregnant hit & run victim birth healthy baby  dies injuriespregnant mom dies shielding kids gunman
r&b star joe own string theory troubled york youthr&b star joe own string theory troubled york youthlistening youth nation. envisioning epicphoto montage it; hasn happened  def   owsrtrtwhat america  youth sleep parks experience democracy?  ows  occupymke  usdorrtrtin missed yesterday mom movement inspire kidsrtspirit day celebs tweet support lgtb youthhaha  occupywallstreet trademarked apparel halloween.  whatwereyouthinkingr&b star joe own string theory troubled york youth   york daily newsrtobama "youth delivering powerful rebuke dictatorship."one favorite orgs "homeless lgbt youth shelter @ brooklyn ali forney center." help.guitarists r&b star joe own string theory troubled york youthr&b star joe own string theory troubled york youth simone weichselbaum r&b songster joe embar...purple people celebs tweet support lgtb youth  spiritdayrtmy youth dir  occupywallst  miami thoughts. suspected  mssg incoherent & hateful prtpizza party + queer rtpurple people celebs tweet support lgtb youth  spiritday nydn.us/qd5akzcheck outceoinblog mom movement inspire kidsr&b star joe own string theory troubled york youthrt&ceo ofon keeping fam healthy & differencebx youth leading wrkshp @ occupy bronx   ows  occcupywallstreetnydngossip rtpurple people celebs tweet support lgtb youth  spiritdaytalks toceo ofabout keeping family healthy difference
"nypd mum cops allegedly hurt  ows:"  police union official claims 20 officers injured won detailsnew book details jobs’s fight cancerany details?rtmanhattan 3 6 ave  officer down.rtcontest photography occupy wall street   ows  occupywallst occupywallstreet details tomorrowexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd (details) | global grind explosive al...occupywallstreet donations combat snow camped in. wow snow  post details    owsdetails please rtdeveloping police confirm females shot brownsvillertnytimes peek details jobs  forthcoming biography  cantputitdownwow  rt10/22 24  2 3 service bklyn  12:01am sat 5am mon. detailsexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd (details)rtdetails  nyc partnership protect  jamaicabay.nytimes u.s. u.n. demand details libyan leaders qaddafi diedexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd (details) | global grind   ows  tcot  teapartyrtrtcash guns buy manhattan october 22. gun $200 bank card. detailsexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd (details) | global grindrtcash guns buy manhattan october 22. gun $200 bank card. detailsrtcash guns buy manhattan october 22. gun $200 bank card. detailsexplosive allegations  gg calls investigation nypd (details)shooting post updated details   uws  upperwestside  nycnypd  crimertcash guns buy manhattan october 22. gun $200 bank card. details   nycer komt een boek uit steve jobs met daarin onder andere details hoe hij om ging met zijn...
rtqaddafi’s death lessons arab spring  via hapyak41rtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springsimple instructions diy gas mask. arab springqaddafi’s death lessons arab spring   libyawhat spring? summer rtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springis arab spring  occupywallstreet actually threaten?rtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springrare snowstorm tests resolve wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  alarabiyartthe banks ll transfered  bbk  nbb  aub  baraka  bmi  saudibahraini  kuwaitfinancehouse  arabicbankbusinessweekfate qaddafi focus arab spring  hard road york timestunis — flight tu...rtows jumped shark.   omg whaddayaknow   occupywallst "arab spring"fate qaddafi focus arab spring  hard road    york timesrtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springrtthe virtues de globalization   occupywallstreet  occupythehood  africa  latam  asia  alba  arabspring  rebelleftrtqaddafi’s death lessons arab springoccupywallstreet heed  arabspring  recently   kaddafi  greed & cruelty banks wield   tcot  ows  banksthe occupy movement using tools arab revolution   west learn ignored source?  occupywallstreetqaddafi’s bloody difficulties ahead col. muammar el qaddafi’s capture captivated arab world  ...saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead saudi arabia crown prince sultan died  royal court s...rtdu printemps arabe à  occupywallstreet. ouverture des  jqsi ce soir 19h à lrtqaddafi’s death lessons arab spring
rtsingers pete seeger  arlo guthrie join occupy wall street march nyc  occupywallstreetrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd likertpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owswhere pete seeger  arlo guthrie  dan zanes join  occupywallstreetrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)this wonderful makes feel change america
rtkey success day rage police army feel 99%    usdor  ows    99percent22 arrested tonight standing park  occupyorlando including army (cont)   ows  worldcantwait  usdorrtrtlandon donovan red bulls blast  sheds light temperament issues henry marquezoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyarmy  protester  occupydenver  hyperlocal  nypdrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtus army cracking    french manicures?army mulls french manicure ban; grooming rules doom tattoos ...rtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsarmy veterans peace re scott olsen   oathkeepers ?   occupyoakland  occupywallstreet  occupysfrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsu.s. army contemplates french manicure ban <<occupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyarmy  protester  occupydenver  hyperlocal  nypdrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyarmy  protester  occupydenver  hyperlocal  nypdarmy mulls french manicure ban; grooming rules doom tattoos ...turkey shelters anti assad  free syrian armyrtyou class brain washed stupidtyrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsdont forget welcomert  retweet  follow  ows  occupy  occupiers  unite  occupywallstrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsa kurdish family pkk turkish army draft. story by
rtoccupywallst ppl real  & read article. finally ppl brains step forward  53percent.rtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrteurope web debt  viapro? vlastn? ?ešíme ?ecko???rtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtwatch  fashionforward commercial with. playing oni uploaded avideo   zeitgeist  forward  occupywallstreetplease share forward maybe nation wide  oaklandrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   ows"forward  borkward"    berkeley pamphlet time bork borked nomination ...rtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owswatch  fashionforward commercial with.  playing onthank gorgeous fashion forward commercial.  gmhcff2011  hashtagrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   ows
rtrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases & tarps.  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases & tarps.  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases & tarps.  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases & tarps.  ows  needsoftheoccupiers
rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebaykim kardashian file divorce kris humphries 72 days marriage rtrtcouple files trademark application ‘occupy wall street’ slogan  laughing & cryingjust  merkel pulls   again. cool profile piecemake facebook profile picture  iraq war veteran shot head police  owsrtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?lol rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?they proberly files allrtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?occupywallstreet ? six weeks  profile finally emerges.  csm     owsrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?rtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?   anonyopsthe california resale royalties act.  artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebaynypd threaten file civil suit  ows protesters web responds millions sue    fightback  infowars"kimkardashian file divorce  krishumphries. hollywood tragedy?" didn marry?rtthe news helicopters  maybe 1500 2000 . downtown bushrod park.rtrtdenver internal affairs 720 913 6019. file complaints officer actionsrtrtrtvideo file live report zuccotti park snowfall begins. front ...the buzz halloween parties   buzz listing profile events  requi...  | nytimes  fashion

hello fdny. happy birthday lady liberty. grandparents approaching ellis island.   : )the global takeover iz      lifeizgrandv4  occupywallstreet mixtape coming soon     teamgrgworkin studio am. nothin beats breakfast...  lifeizgrandv4  occupywallstreetfriedlander murder suicide anguished gary perez mourns slain daughter  grandkidsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrtthe grand trick leaderless movement leaders.  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtare prepared tell future children grandchildren stood social movement time?  ows  usdorfriedlander murder suicide anguished gary perez mourns slain daughter  grandkids driving fu...anguished mourns slain daughter  grandkids driving funeral home arrangements daughter ...poll grand wailea 20 hands massage  pay $2 000 20 hands massage? yes 19% /  sounds weird 81%rt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows""we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows"rt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrtrtmtows  occupyraleigh capitol  police remove all...rt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsdodge grand caravan  chrysler town country vw routan earn top rollover marks i.i.h.s. viartare prepared tell future children grandchildren stood social movement time?  ows  usdorrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows
rtrttonight  occupy38 film screening 10pm. 38 greene. 2 films "empire st. pauli" "gaengeviertel"heyany chance occupy annoying gossip girls filming outside apt now?  heartsandminds13 hours left. help fund  occupywallstreet collaborative film  award winning filmmakers?   ows12 hours left. help  occupywallstreet collaborative film reach 5k? funding?   ows plswill help fund  occupywallstreet collaborative film  award winning filmmakers? 11 hours left   owsrtjarak antara mulainya  occupywallstreet & pemutaran perdana film thrive a/ 55 hr. bs streaming tp bayar $ 5.henry cavill rock hard abs  muscles filming  steel    york daily newshenry cavill rock hard abs  muscles filming  steel    york daily newsrtdarkknightrises film  occupywallstreet protesters     batman  christophernolan  christianbalertrtdarkknightrises film  occupywallstreet protesters     batman  christophernol...rthollywood legend omar sharif slaps female fan posing cameras film festivalaccording aclu film cop.oliver stone direct hbo film based  power broker   1974 book ...   york daily newsomar sharif slaps female fan film festival    cool.rtfirst circuit court appeals rules ok film police government   ows  usdorfilm digs root  ows movmntw/mainstream film addresses root 2008 economic collapsew/‘the hammer ’  — review:..  viafilm  filmmakingspielberg tintin film targets audiences           picrtthis rt‘dark knight rises’ film near occupy wall street sitertwhy film police. protester wins cops shown fabricated evidence  via
rt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  owsrt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  owsrtomg rtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owsrt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  ows vrtrt rdevro fdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owsrtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owsrtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owsrtomg rtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owsrtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owsrtomg rtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owsrtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owsrt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  owsrtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owswhy? "fdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  ows"rtrtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  occupyrtomg rtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owsrtrtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owsrtrtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owsrtfdny reading names police officer lost 9/11 nypd riot police lined outside plaza.  owsrt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  owsrt40 nypd officers riot gear lined outside liberty park.  ows
rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rtmy youth dir  occupywallst  miami thoughts. suspected  mssg incoherent & hateful prtrti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.the tea party  occupywallstreet angry  frustrated  incoherent voices american peoplei ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rteven mail readers  reaction phillips   olsx article  mean  mel  . utterly incoherentrti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.
yay 401 rtrtnyt news alert banks agree loss greek debt help resolve euro crisisbanks agree loss greek debt help resolve euro crisisphotographs greek riots   occupywallstrelief heart  ladies gentleman banks agree loss greek debt help resolve euro crisisignore 401k greeks kick themselves euro zone.  (via)can next? prettyplease mtbanks agree loss greek debt help resolve euro crisishuge breakthrough. (if deal holds.) rtnyt news alert banks agree loss greek debt help resolve euro crisislast chance? greek premier  papandereou  praises european debt dealrteu deal greek debt sparks stock market surge; dow jones 340 ...nytimes leaders reach deal banks loss greek debtdrheynen > short ago >  leaders reach deal  banks loss  greek debt [50%]eu deal greek debt sparks stocks surge stocks soared thursday  dow jumping 340  eur...leaders reach deal banks loss greek debtrtrtnyt news alert banks agree loss greek debt help resolve euro crisis cca global protest [arabspring  occupywallst  greek/london riots] uranus aries reving rebellion   sleepy melbeurope markets drop news greek referendumleaders reach deal banks 50% loss greek debtnytimes leaders reach deal banks loss greek debt  historyrtleaders reach deal banks loss greek debtgreekrevolution 20of october taste civil war athens   "mother strikes" part.2  20ogr   occupywallstreet“nyt news alert banks agree loss greek debt help resolve euro crisis” > eu isn crash burn
ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...
rtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan next?rtshort op ed wrote foron gaddafi libya civil war future?rt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan hidden?rtcity trial political consultant  jury  victim?visiting nurse consultant juliet scott campbell brings dose joy job   york daily newsvisiting nurse consultant juliet scott campbell brings dose joy jobrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadnot pick nits  aide bloomberg. consultant (he "volunteer") campaigns.saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead saudi arabia crown prince sultan died  royal court s...dtn usa saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead saudi arabia crown prince sultan died  roya...rt“saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan hidden?rt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan next?rtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan  treated city  dies ailing saudi crown prince sultan bin abdulaziz al saud  wh...rtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead
rtif "99%" 1% brains  50% soap & 100% toilet  occupywallstreetrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows""we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows"rt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows7 house democrats "pledge allegiance 99%"... support  owsoccupycongressrtfew americans immigrants  jobs alabama  heythe "99%" don   ows  occupywallstreetangeladavis  "if 99%  commit ourselves organizing 99%"  occupywallstreet  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows
rta silly controversy halloween decorations pass morning chelsea market.  viaa tattoo parlor prepares depart chelsea hotelrtchelsea clinton am running congress...   breakingrtchelsea clinton running congress ny? according dem holds seat. htrtlowey squashes chelsea clinton story (updated 4 squashing) ..  news lowey leavesrtcity chelsea market halloween ghoulishchelsea clinton running congress ny 18th cd  viateam lowey squashes chelsea clinton story | york daily news   congress  ny18team lowey squashes chelsea clinton story (updated 2) | york daily newsteam lowey squashes chelsea clinton story (updated 3) | york daily newsupdate chelsea clinton spokesman running congress | york daily newsline ahead chelsea if/when nita retires   bramson et al..rt:team lowey squashes chelsea clinton storychelsea clinton am running congress...a tattoo parlor prepares depart chelsea hotelrtupdate chelsea clinton spokesman running congress | york daily news? chelsea clinton am running congress...  summary available. [discuss] [link]   ?  tcot  teapartyrtcheck video    chelsea elliott immediate reaction nypd pepper spray  viartcity tattoo parlor prepares depart chelsea hotelgood  >>chelsea clinton am running congress... york daily news  viasecurity guard w/ bloody hot pepper eye spooks 6 times daychelsea market halloween ghoulishrtteam lowey squashes chelsea clinton story (updated 4 squashing) ..
rtwhat happening union square? remnants march? tons nypd riot gear zuccotti. fewer 75 officers  owsrtsame zuccotti. mtcrowd union square relatively quiet milling nypd amasses 14th.  ows"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtrtnypd closed top zuccotti.  owsrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetnypd closed top zuccotti.  owsrt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtwhat happening union square? remnants march? tons nypd riot gear zuccotti. fewer 75 officers  owsrt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtsame zuccotti. mtcrowd union square relatively quiet milling nypd amasses 14th.  owsrtnypd closed top zuccotti.  owsrtnypd closed top zuccotti.  owsrtnypd closed top zuccotti.  owsrt"report nypd steers drunks  occupywallstreet:"  drunks told police officers "take zuccotti."rtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetphoto 6/6 11:01 pm workers fulton transit center wave march returns zuccotti.  occupywallstreet  owsrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreet
fox news nypd officers charged allegedly helping friends ticketsfox news cops gather support nypd officers set charged ticket fixing scandalcops mock poor people  calls prosecutors "pieces  " claim ticket fixing ... 16 nypd officers arr...nypd officers charged fixing traffic tickets friendswasn me. wrong place.:) congrats    scratchers rtyonkers woman wins $1 million scratch ticketrtnone nypd officers attended yesterday pro ticket fixing rally speak record press.   owsrt“surely ny atty contest zeinab tickets pro bono?” // anyone?rtcops chant "e.b.t." welfare recipients outside nypd ticket fixing indictment bronx. classy.rtap sources 12 nypd officers charged ticket fixing probe investigation   rasequal be4  law xcept rty shouldn troubled reaction nypd 2 ticket fixing scandal?rtwpix nypd officer ticket fixing arrangement told woman unrelated business "the cheese line way"sweet deal rtyonkers woman wins $1 million scratch ticketfixing tickets. running guns. beating protesters.  nypd   em proudnypd officers charged ticket fixing scandalagc nypd officers charged allegedly helping friends ticketsnypd officers charged allegedly helping friends ticketscops testify cops roughly 160 cops names surfaced ticket fixing scan...ticket fix scandal officers expected surrender seventeen police officers indicted massive bronx ticke...nyc 16  nypd cops charged ticket fixing scandal. law professional courtesy ?nypd officers charged ticket fixing scandalnypd officers charged ticket fixing scandal    fox  news  an247
youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped        yorkrtjust added blog post dj rob rob youngin chased front nypd snitching &youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped    bakerygangyoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   *exclusivevideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  yorkrtvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stompedjust added blog post dj rob rob youngin chased front nypd snitching &video youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viajus dont vid youngin chased front nypd afta snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viacheck out>> youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  yorkvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  yorkvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   via
rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtwho handpainted poly carbonate guy fawkes mask halloween? painting & taking orderspeople print signs kinkos  unions bring own  hand painted. conspiracy fan much? whatta jokertmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsepic rtrtu occupy heart. seriously  painted b/c love  occupytheworld  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtspray painted message reading “kill pigs” oakland  ows exactly violent message.  time stop.rtmon 7pm:occupation overture painted 1812 overture playing otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  ows
ok  nypd isnt picking :( theyve nice   pause  pizzas it... whats option?whats wrong whore living room? kitchen? bathroom? backseat jeep? smhalmost bad libs burning effigy bush murder movie bush.whats world coming 2?nypd emotionally handle job  sowhatsuemewhats this? govt funded egypt  ‘facebook revolutionary’ advising  occupywallstreet &  occupydcwhats doc? ~~~  read yet? ~~~ deserves attn   occupywallst  occupytogetherwhats happening  occupywallst movement australia?? >>whats occupywallst. israel?   myignwhats occupywallst. israel?  notes actually written page.rtstrippers earning $2 000 night north dakota town thriving amid oil boom  ladies whats ya life about?whats happening white people black people.honestlythisis joke wked day contract tell mewhats nba problemstrippers earning $2 000 night north dakota town thriving amid oil boom  ladies whats ya life about?let whats tim.comcount tweets + compare.  whats diff btwn china censoring internet this?yeah. protest whats up. p.d. tapes events court itwkndupdate track workers installing whats called continuous welded rail inside 60th st tube    q> rtst pauls cathedral closed reason whatsoever    stpauls  occupylsx  olsx  occupylondon  >rtnice little article whats  dalefarmrtthere *whatsoever* st paul statement meant cathedral close.     occupylsxrtgood  detailed article whats happening  dalefarm week  "brutal" eviction goes
rtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsoccupy  occupywallst  occupysandiego police committing treason. attacking united citizens. war freedom.rtriot police  occupysandiego live   ows  occupywallst  occupytogether  anonopsrtriot police scene  occupysandiego   ows  occupywallstreet  p2rtjust finished adding 20 cities   occupysandiego  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  occupysf  occupyportlandrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtriot police  occupysandiego live   ows  occupywallst  occupytogether  anonopsrtrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsoccupysandiego run police live   ows  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtriot police  occupysandiego live   ows  occupywallst  occupytogether  anonopsrtrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsoccupysandiego  riotpolice live feed    viaoccupy  occupywallstreetrtrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtriot police  occupysandiego live   ows  occupywallst  occupytogether  anonopsrtriot police  occupysandiego live   ows  occupywallst  occupytogether  anonopsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtoccupysandiego.  tents cleared. multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd stream   usdor  owsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsthe world watchingriot police  occupysandiego live   ows  occupywallstreet  solidarityoccupysandiego getting raided   occupyoakland  occupysf  occupywallst  ows  anonyops  youranonnews  anonymousirc
ex tv weather anchor heidi jones sentenced 350 hours community service ...rtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsgood journalism re  fox rtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsdirty ing corps  rtppl 2 2 "anchor babies" 4 rights  call corps outsource jobs 2 avoid benefits?rtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtflouting? woman? rtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  ows  maddow  tffs  countdown  p2rtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owswhat twits  adam levine launches bitter war words fox news anchorsrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsrtflouting? woman? rtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owsboo noanchor cameo?  gossipgirlrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  owslooks ll talking snow lot theanchor desk evening...ex tv weather anchor heidi jones sentenced 350 hours community service fake assault claimtop story? "fdny firefighters ladder 138 saved cat stuck fence  photosrtrtrtrtny1 anchor instructed camerman; "get flouting law."  ows
childhood homes toys gone  it’s home  living childhood homes winni...dtn usa childhood homes toys gone  it’s home  living childhood homes l...childhood homes toys gone  it’s home  living childhood homes winni...can include business link students glass toys 18?rt$12.95 night bandwidth. tech toys transforming hotel connections dialup disasterschildhood homes toys gone  it’s homechildhood homes toys gone  it’s home  living childhood homes winni...rtchildhood homes toys gone  it’s homechildhood homes toys gone  it’s homertchildhood homes toys gone  it’s homertmayor 1%excuses crooked cops  law sabotage peaceful citizens   howelitepoliticiansoperatechildhood homes toys gone  it’s homechildhood homes toys gone  it’s homertcassie curled kitty toys    wlfrtcan spare teddy? cuddly toys  woods  musical theatre performance  pls donate collection box cafe. thanksexpert elmo  mickey  pain mic toys season york (cbsnewyork) – talk snow ...rtchildhood homes toys gone  it’s homertchildhood homes toys gone  it’s homechildhood homes toys gone  it’s homechildhood homes toys gone  it’s home  living childhood homes winni...rtchildhood homes toys gone  it’s home
rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm:occupation overture painted 1812 overture playing otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owswhat history 1812 overture?rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsoccupymadison rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent....
rtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting.. // idiocracy  p2rtows  nyc cops fire dept stealing generators occupiers    occupy  anonymous  solidarity  needsoftheoccupiersoccupyla   superior courts los angeles served  stop stealing homes     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  occupytogetherrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owswoman arrested stealing cash register...containing quarter. ya dummyhomeless 15 stealing $100     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  globalrevolution  svpol  debatt  svptrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owswhen christine quinn trial stealing money?  bloomberg favoritertoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows”rtoccupyla   sup courts l.a. served  stop stealing homes     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  occupytogetherrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupyla   sup courts l.a. served  stop stealing homes     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  occupytogetherrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows
rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtrtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.this true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.i that.. 1st hand account true??rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.whoa  rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.
rtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  ows"we replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  ows"rtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  ows
rtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrandom  nypd cops media covering arraignments fellow officersnypd cops media covering arraignments fellow officers   photographynypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  ows"missing brian laboy  17  bronx. seen longfellow ave. call 800 577 tips  44pct  42pctnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsfellow mark jones quoted inaboutcalling"brother"  gop debate.trill rtbronx  1500 longfellow ave. male shot aided doa scene. crime scene established."missing brian laboy  17  bronx. seen longfellow ave. call 800 577 tips  44pct  42pct   fbplease teach children & friends responsibility. friend & fellow junior leaguer.   innew pinac post nypd cops media  including assaulting videographer  protect fellow officers accused crimertnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrti sorry  fellow citizen  hear sound govt tyranny violence.  usdorrtrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsnypd cops media covering arraignments fellow officers       hundreds york city cops cra...   fotoi ows stupid. shot fellow marine face. am accidental 99%.rtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsrtrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  ows
rtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrt"capitalism  love story " "inside job " "the crashed world" (al jazeera) reasons support  occupywallstreet"the video "occupy world"   youtube   ows  p2rtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupier"emoticons move business world"rtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrt"sorry inconvenience  trying change world" un message  occupywallstreet  theother98%rtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtcheck al jazeera "the crashed world" reasons support "occupywallstreetrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierhow sad tunisian 1956 code personal status "most progressive women’s rights legislation arab world"rt"sorry inconvenience  trying change world" un message  occupywallstreet  theother98%rtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtows  usdor  occupychaswv  globalrevolution check video    video "occupy world"  viartisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrthappy bday statue liberty  1886  "liberty enlightening world" symbol york city  freedom  democracy  and...rtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupier
rtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owssteve jobs biography walter isaacson reveals obsession veganism ... priyanka padode ap newly...under wall street & 1% withering fire  global ecosystems biosphere collapsing  leading   occupywallstreetsteve jobs biography reveals obsession veganismrtthis vote voice emerges  occupywallstreet    owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsbioshock infinite drawing inspiration  occupywallstreet  according ken levine. current cerebralscientist examines link antibiotics obesityrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsstevejobs biography paid $100 000 genes cancer tumor normal dna sequenced.rtrtnypd confiscated ows gas generators 7:30am yesterday. battery power now. bio diesel generators.  occupywallstrtnytimes ibio apple’s genius ??? ?????? ???? ????? ??? ???? ?? ???? ??? ???? ???  saudi  kuwait  egyptrtbaby overdoses nurse administers lethal amount antibiotics brooklyn hospital  familyrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owssteve jobs biography reveals obsession veganism steve jobs  biography revels former apple ceo quirky...rtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  ows
rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksthe world 2000 richest people combined weather poorest 4 billion   evil & stand  occupywallstreetrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan next?need plastics bins coolers  occupylincoln  needsoftheoccupiers  occupyrtny daily news zone jets  maybin edgertwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrthere list 10 richest celebrities supporting  occupywallst (combined net worth $1.255 billion)zuccotti park neighbors angry  ows drumming. protesting 1  disturbing local community another.rtwe tour guides job describing madison  butsjust upped antertthe amazing journey jets... painting  poetry & writing helped overcome personal tragedy   nflfffor techniques disturbing peace. 9 months experience.  occupywallstreet  occupyoakland  bahrainrt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan hidden?gender benders female binge drinking rise? loaded sections related alcohol drug related ...rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksgreat article overcoming personal tragedy & adversity  & getting 2nd chance; talentedlbrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksfrom overachieving chrebet stories love jets fan....rtroy keane "“i lost derby game city. players  afford lose game.”   mufcpan am 103 vic sis khadafy death  true justice  sister victim 1988 lockerbie bombing ju...
occupation  breaking laws. childish tantrums... difference  occupylsx  nazis  edl  bnpdon little mentally deranged set troll accounts person?  edl  occupylsx  bnpis seriously deranged.  don thinkoccupylsx  edl  bnp.... schizophrenic troll load accountsoccupylsx  olsx  edl  bnp  committedrtdon little mentally deranged set troll accounts person?  edl  occupylsx  bnpus day rage   mainyes ever. attacking disabled woman & kids.  edl  bnp  defamation think...yes sheryl  evidence nonsensical claims?  edl  bnpedl  bnp rtinterested tackling challenge extremism? onshow be… (cont)roberta moore gutted hear  edl jewish divison doesn exist  ccbnpodd  sheryl supports  bnp   ff...  edlworse accused jew hate. yes  nasty bunch  malicious trolls  edl  bnpsheryl isn  victim ? oh dear. silly woman  edl  bnptotally.  winds plays victim. nasty  nasty bit work.  edl  bnpsheryl giving ff  bnp. sheryl tweets  friend  watb? lies  edlan excellent post & comments  racism shames nation re  dalefarm  fromedl   bnpexactly. manipulative  winds others; spreads lies  pulls pigtails claims victim.  edl  bnpoh forgot own rules  course doesn abide herself.   edl  bnpan excellent post & comments  racism shames nation re  dalefarm  fromedl   bnpthankfully terry jones banned  uk   islam  bnp  edl  ows  jones  fail<banned  uk thankfully.   tcot  islam  sharia  edl  bnp  nra  pvv  nwo
rtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead saudi arabia crown prince sultan died  royal court s...dtn usa saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead saudi arabia crown prince sultan died  roya...rt“saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan  treated city  dies ailing saudi crown prince sultan bin abdulaziz al saud  wh...rtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead“saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead  rest peacertsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead
rtlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlive video light  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95 & bway 4  occupythecircle   owsrt500 marching  police chopper overhead. nypd trying maintain control."march oakland " contunue chant.  owsrtlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertrt500 marching  police chopper overhead. nypd trying maintain control."march oakland " contunue chant.  owsrtlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecircleflash. delta airlines plane fly overhead. undercover nypd officer onboard looking  spyingrtlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecircleoverhead projector enlarge stencils returned  needsoftheoccupiers  occupybostonwe overhead projector enlarging stencils  needsoftheoccupiersrtoverhead projector enlarge stencils returned  needsoftheoccupiers  occupybostonrtlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecircle
rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrttwulocal 100 :) rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrttwulocal 100 :) rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersthis happen rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiers
rtquiet day occupation.  site huddled up.  hello fair weather activist.rtcrowd union square relatively quiet milling nypd amasses 14th street.  owsrtreflections  quiet night  libertysquare   ows  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  99percent  occupycrowd union square relatively quiet milling nypd amasses 14th street.  owsrtsame zuccotti. mtcrowd union square relatively quiet milling nypd amasses 14th.  owsrtowsnypd "quietly" transferred pepper spraying maniac anthony bologna job   p2rttwo minutes quiet hours. nypd officer ll break ga. no.  ows (cc)rtnypd "quietly" transferred pepper spraying maniac anthony bologna cushy job staten island.   owsrttwo minutes quiet hours. nypd officer ll break ga. no.  ows (cc)rtsame zuccotti. mtcrowd union square relatively quiet milling nypd amasses 14th.  owsrtquiet day occupation.  site huddled up.  hello fair weather activist.rtquiet day occupation.  site huddled up.  hello fair weather activist.rttwo minutes quiet hours. nypd officer ll break ga. no.  ows (cc)rtcommunity board "occupy wall street" protesters clean  quietrtyou ny  occupywallstreet needn t. movement city :))rtnypd "quietly" transferred pepper spraying maniac anthony bologna cushy job staten island.   owsquiet day occupation.  site huddled up.  hello fair weather activist.rttwo minutes quiet hours. nypd officer ll break ga. no.  ows (cc)rtnypd "quietly" transferred pepper spraying maniac anthony bologna cushy job staten island.   owsrtnypd "quietly" transferred pepper spraying maniac anthony bologna cushy job staten island.   owsrtsame zuccotti. mtcrowd union square relatively quiet milling nypd amasses 14th.  ows
more moles @ cb1? sounds it.  owsrtfollowfor updates tonight cb1  ows meeting  occupywallstreetrtthe loud drumming constitutionally protected imho; noise ordinances legal. drumming nypd excuse     ows  cb1rtthe loud drumming constitutionally protected imho; noise ordinances legal. drumming nypd excuse     ows  cb1followandfor updates tonight  cb1 meeting  owsrtit looks jeff boss person line speak cb1.mttonight cb1 meeting 6:15pm changed locations. held ps 234  292 greenwich st.rti live near  zuccotti park support  occupywallstreet  neighbors   ows  cb1a yells "not backyard" repeatedly cb1  ows  occupythe words cb1 truly inspired me.  owsrtcb1 mtg  ows   local businessman  mgr  bobbyvans steakhse "we support reso ...  nypd barricades".rtpaul newell democratic district leader speaking  support  ows park. [cb1 sub committee mtg; zuccotti park]  owsrtbtw  alleged provacteur interrupted cb1 mtg couple times  discussions drums limited ...rtcb1 closing public speaker "my name jeff boss... am running president... people ...rtfollowfor updates tonight cb1  ows meeting  occupywallstreetrtscott stringer cb1 mtg saying 1st  respects ppls protest. "thats roll ny." // love thatit laughable cb1 district class check cost living battery park city  owsrt"like mr. romney national security  absurd".rtrtcb1 mtg  ows  brd "nypd stop beating ppl haven + enforce laws [public defacation].rti surprised drummers fbi / nypd undercover provocateursows  cb1awesome writeup cb1 mtg.
the york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortrtows rtpolice gas masks on.  occupyoaklandwhat impresses abt  occupywallst hv cozied 2 party. understand tht parties cater 2 mastersrtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsfight power  comrades   occupywallstreet  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland  occupynewburgh  occupyfontana  occupyfortstockton  occupyarcatartrtcouple files trademark application ‘occupy wall street’ slogan  laughing & cryingrturgent help locate nypd cardona assault victim  fromrti believe happening. wall st catalyst.. "we lose chains  world win"rtoccupywallstnyc stationary bikes charge batteries police confiscate gas generators  copols  occupydenverrtproof police infiltrators & provocateurs     copwatch  occupyoakland  ows  occupyusa  occupywallstreet  the99%  usdorrtgreat  riot pac 12.  nypd arizona game instead harassing  99percent. hate  wildcatsrti am curating list blog sites dedicated  occupywallstreet   add list     99percent share thisrtdo facebook page dedicated  occupywallstreet   add list   99percent rtrtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtprops 2  nypd 4 nudge 2 green ;) rtw/ gas powered generators confiscated   ows 2 bicycle power.let join create  bring ga home  occupy local park education performanceoccupytogetherrtapparently  women assaulted  occupywallstreet locations liars / wing smear effort.rtpowerful. rtthis  occupied dept education  5minsrtows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtrtannouncement  time occupy rebny  real estate board york    ows  usdor
yep yankees everywhere. rebel found khadafy sports yankees caprtoccupy capitol national event week   otopks  ows  occupywallstreetto nypd police officers  sgts  lt capts. ows try stay warm dry.the dude snuffed khadafy wore york yankees cap occasion   yankees   :)the kids camping wall street real capitalists    ows  occupytogether  stopthemach2011  october2011  usdorpolitical parties funding donation caps   stopthemach2011  usdor  antiamerika  owsexposed written anarchist  anti capitalism ‘occupied wall street journal’  viausdor  ows  p2rtuniversity hawaii astronomers capture direct image planet born   york daily newsrtmtows  occupyraleigh capitol  police remove all...rtmy column occupy wall street & crony capitalism   saving capitalism capitalists   owsrtlow wage capitalism cycles boom bust ushered situation paying jobs masses.rtfive days  charges stray bullet victim held & 39;captive& 39; cops don’t believe..rt50 50 capitals  rap song   usdorrtmy friends weekcheckty     >  ff    >you re wrong global occupy wall st movement "anti capitalist". disappointing.   occupywallstrtrttranscript žižek speech  occupywallstreetrtuniversity hawaii astronomers capture direct image planet born   york daily newsmaybe are? didn marx capitalism produce tools own destruction?rtcapitalism++  occupywallstreet   basicincome reasoned response accelerating structural inequalityrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalism
rtthe amazing journey jets... painting  poetry & writing helped overcome personal tragedy   nflrtwho handpainted poly carbonate guy fawkes mask halloween? painting & taking ordersny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ...   york daily newsrtny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ...   psurtthe amazing journey jets... painting  poetry & writing helped overcome personal tragedy   nflrtlove  jets rtny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ..   psurt“meet 0.01 percent war profiteersny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedies ... | york daily news   billsfree chapters  read painting deceit   1st book 5 book  series    psychological  nytimesfree chapters  read painting deceit   1st book 5 book  series    psychological  nytimesfree chapters  read painting deceit   1st book 5 book  series    psychological  nytimeswhat  free  chapter painting deceit?  read  bookreviews  nytimes  bestsellersfound article ny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ...art review john mcallister ‘damned sparkling pomp’ john mcallister’s paintings james fuentes llc ar...a brush law mobster painting jail haunted ...ny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ...deari ve painting you.rtthe amazing journey jets... painting  poetry & writing helped overcome personal tragedy   nflny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen  including death son   ny ...a brush law mobster painting jail haunted ... john marzulli bonanno turnco...ny jets  aaron maybin painting  poetry deal tragedy seen ... maybin started t...
rtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtoccupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeup fuck off.  owsrtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtoccupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeup fuck off.  owsrtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeupcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtoccupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeup fuck off.  owsrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeupoccupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeup fuck off.  owsrtrtcan hashtag please?  occupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeuprtrtoccupymtv  mtvgohome  owswakeup fuck off.  ows
rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting.. // idiocracy  p2rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtwhere? union sq? rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsis happen?  tear gas? rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   ows
hey austin  rtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers bread  sandwich fixings  chips. snacks   fruit  veggies drop 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers food water 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe accept food water 24/7  needsoftheoccupiers 5011 cesar chavezrtunion march begins afl cio tx hq 1106 lavaca 12pm.  needsoftheoccupiers water  fruit  snack bars  gatorades 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtaccepts food/bev donations 24/7  needsoftheoccupiers. drop 5011 e. cesar chavez email basecampaustin.comrtunion march begins afl cio tx hq 1106 lavaca 12pm.  needsoftheoccupiers water  fruit  snack bars  gatorades 5011 e. cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers water  hydrating fluids  lunch meats  cheeses  lettuce  tomatoes etc  chips snacks fruits veggies 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtdrop food water 5011 e. cesar chavez   needsoftheoccupiers water  juices  fruits  sandwich fixings  nonperishables  snacks chipsrtnooner list occupy austin needs...  needsoftheoccupiers  noto 5011 e. cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers food water 5011 e. cesar chavez  occupyaustin  ows  occupytogether  99percent  ows  solidarityrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers bread  sandwich fixings  chips. snacks   fruit  veggies drop 5011 e. cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers water  hydrating fluids  lunch meats  cheeses  lettuce  tomatoes etc  chips snacks fruits veggies 5011 e. cesar chavezaustin peeps    >rtneedsoftheoccupiers food water 5011 e. cesar chavez  occupyaustin  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers food water 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe accept food water 24/7  needsoftheoccupiers 5011 cesar chavez
herman cain racial language rhetoric refuse   york daily newsnypd officer custody hate crime charge  read  realize light post racial.rtnypd cop taped racial slur black stop frisk  people doesn happeni occupy baltimore tonight talk protestors racial profiling & ...here blogrtprotest  racist nypd stop & frisk  oct21   ows  brooklyn  bronx  harlemoccupythehoodrtnypd officer custody hate crime charge  read  realize light post racial.nypd cop taped racial slur black stop frisk  people doesn happenrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtcity hair stylist racial slurs cost $22 500rtnypd cop taped racial slur black stop frisk  people doesn happenrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owsrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   owscapitalist fascism  police racial profiling & nypd naked racism 10/20/11  ny  nyc  nypdrtthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial policies 99% divided   ows[race past]  nypd cop taped racial slur black stop frisk bit.ly/qndtju   tcot  tlot  teaparty  p2 ertthe 1% requestsstop efforts reverse  stopandfrisk. racial po… (cont)city hair stylist racial slurs cost $22 500
rtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkyou re wrong global occupy wall st movement "anti capitalist". disappointing.   occupywallstrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrt disappointing. nypd encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti parkrtreally disappointing. nypd apparently encouraging drunk disorderly people join  ows camp zucotti park
rtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website...<  it. now.rtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movement
rt92% stopped  frisked bronx black hispanicrt1  c2p pipeline "92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsbronx   nypd armed robbery 418 westchester ave & 3rd ave. perp male hispanic.  nyc  breakingrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrtunidad latina conference promotes economic opportunities hispanic populationway source thanno? rt92% stopped  frisked bronx black hispanicny daily news soft drink makers coca cola dr pepper snapple target black hispanic teens  childrenthe rest fordham studentsrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypdrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrt“92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic" majority ppl dat live black hispanicrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsmt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic  /but hispanic whites 11% bronxrtrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrtny daily news soft drink makers coca cola dr pepper snapple target black hispanic teens  childrenwho else lives bronx???rt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic ...to fair bronx 85%  clack hispanic rtnumbers don lie"92% (cont)rt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrtrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd statsrtrt92% stopped frisked bronx black hispanic nypd stats
rtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtobama "without putting single service ground  achieved objective."rtobama "without putting single service ground  achieved objective.""occupy wall street achieved stunning victory – victory easy overlook  impossible...rtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pji  occupywallst essence nice people active  attack achieved capitalism objective wrong.rtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtrtobama "without putting single service ground  achieved objective."rtobama "without putting single service ground  achieved objective."rtthe stunning victory occupy wall street achieved   ows  p2rtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjthanks rt. faith dont critics wear down. victory achieved followrtthe stunning victory occupy wall street achievedrtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pjrtthe stunning victory  occupywallstnyc achieved   occupyla stand main st ~pj
suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan   newyorktimesrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6  pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistansuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistannews suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistansuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...rtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistansuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan   nyt  nytimes  newsdtn usa suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehi...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six missiles vehicle pa...rtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistansuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistanbetter mouth shut suspected fool remove doubt...looking  occupywallstrtmy youth dir  occupywallst  miami thoughts. suspected  mssg incoherent & hateful prtrtrtsuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan suspected u.s. unmanned aircraft fired six mis...top news suspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan

fantasy football research predicting defensive performances seth walder predictable fantasy defense...rtus politicians received money parent co defense technology    usdor  ows  occupyoaklandrtour friends atneed help sunday  call action eviction defense ...rtdefensetechnology <   company reported supplying oakland pd   occupyoakland  ows  usdor (rtfraudulent defense contractors paid $1 trillion (pdf)   usdormcdonald cashier claims self defense brutal attack female customers ...hey nyc   ll live 4 onreporting  conradmurray case. prosecution star witness *rips* defense.defense witness  conradmurray trial prosecution theory doesn add up. nyc  onat 4rtfraudulent defense contractors paid $1 trillion (pdf)   usdorrtdefensetechnology <   company reported supplying oakland pd   occupyoakland  ows  usdor (rtus politicians received money parent co defense technology    usdor  ows  occupyoaklandrtre  occupyoakland  war terror defense contractors realize sell weapons civil forces    usdorjackson doc defense finally question expert           picrtfraudulent defense contractors paid $1 trillion (pdf)   usdormcdonald cashier claims self defense brutal attack female customers ...michael jackson caused own death  defense witness arguesmichael jackson caused own death  defense witness argues   york daily newsmichael jackson caused own death  defense witness argues   york daily newsrtrtfraudulent defense contractors paid $1 trillion (pdf)   usdorrtus politicians received money parent co defense technology    usdor  ows  occupyoaklandrtus politicians received money parent co defense technology    usdor  ows  occupyoakland
hi 2  gr weekendrthealth care reform rally held zuccotti parkrtntc    former  gaddafi cronies  west  puppets   26.10.11   libya  war   takewallstreet ? ronpaul2012  owsrtthat job  mtwhy hell nypd wasting resources following twitter accounts & spewing information random peoplefantasy football research predicting defensive performances seth walder predictable fantasy defense...week seven fantasy football rankings hanging tough ryan torain ve underperformed and/or faced toug...rtman stabbed death kitchen knife trying break fight women republican presidential hopefuls cain  romney  perry  gingrich  bachmann share ... cain  former ceo godfat...rti official thathas informative 2  libertysquare. ccowsrti official thathas informative 2  libertysquare. ccowsrtat  ows  nypd officers warily eyeing guy fawkes mask police uniform.  happyhalloweenrtkey financial reform boost  occupywallstreetassailant uniform. shame      owssupport  occupyoaklandrtusdor calls citizens change govt forming continental congress   ows  occupypittsburgh  99percentrtformer  marine sgt. shamar  thomas lashes  nypd protects  ows protestors.   99percent  occupywallstreetrtconradmurray brought tears former patients call  doctor  ~  |  justice4mjlet join create  bring ga home  occupy local park education performanceoccupytogetherrtrtpolice  "attention marchers bart informed 19 a...rtus navy sailor uniform arrested night occupy sacramento   occupywallstreet  owsrtthat total misinformation   occupymuseums related  occupy38fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...
rtrtows rtpolice gas masks on.  occupyoaklandcan any1 confirm supposedmarch halloween accompanied guy fawkes masks face?  ows  occupywallstabsurd. arrested jury trial. tie courts  convict?rtcobra task force chief nypd zucotti park via scanner.  owsrtows  nypd cobra task force corner zucotti park  heads  rthello. 30s. $500k/yr income. feel free  occupywallstreet  occupy  occupyboston  occupyhouston  occupywallstwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom askfight power  comrades   occupywallstreet  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland  occupymdi  occupymadawaska  occupyhoulton  occupyfortkent  tcotwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom askcommit animal abuse assault time.   multitask  guys.   owswhat cia doing nypd? depends whom askoccupyoakland  occupyatlanta  occupysf  ows  occupywallstreet gasmasks  10$ destroy weapon..ows guess cops cant complain wearing masks halloween.  nypd  sfpd  opd pds  halloween  headachertat  ows  nypd officers warily eyeing guy fawkes mask police uniform.  happyhalloweensimple instructions diy gas mask. arab springwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom askwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom askwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom askwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom askwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom askwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom ask
golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...news golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body t...   nytimesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body much...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body muc...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...ny times golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body wo...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body muc...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body much...   nytimesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...
bud  shocked oakland police riot gear ran  takewallstreet folksrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtrtfolks cen. oakland sf bart shuts stations down? protocol...we egypt praying folks   god ...keep folks   change worldrthottest club nyc  ows  featuring 92 yr political folk legend pete seeger. admission freertif  occupywallstreet /  ows folks mad unemployment  protesting 1600 pennsylvania ave dc.  p2pete seeker icon dad 1960 civil rights activist blues/folk musican w/joan baez pete seeker woody guthriertwe re solidarity sunday  folks support?mtgoing  occupy tonight? tell   enter  needsoftheoccupiers folks support them|  owsrtmtrtat 92  [w/] 2 canes  uu folksinger [...] pete seeger walked 36 blocs w/ occupywallstrtif  occupywallstreet /  ows folks mad unemployment  protesting 1600 pennsylvania ave dc.  p2bloomberg  fed folks spend dinner & discussin… (cont)nice lie humble abode rainy day. thinking folks  occupyns  needsoftheoccupiers...  ows  halifaxrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtrtrtfolks cen. oakland sf bart shuts stations down? protocol...rtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrtrtwe egypt praying folks   god ...keep folks   change worldrtobama wall street money    .folks  mother load obama sold    takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrthow  ows focus  illuminati instead "1%" plenty rich folks problem.<  cool folkrtif  occupywallstreet /  ows folks mad unemployment  protesting 1600 pennsylvania ave dc.  p2

if eugene basically granolaville. 1000s arrive eugeneoccupyoakland arch basically allowed centre broadway police. nypd tend marchers sidewalk  occupywallstrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingit basically crowdsource.  call cdc about. :)paul krugman "your federal government basically insurance company army." ( )rthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingoccupywallst peaceful protest  defeated violence mass police brutality. basically  people fucked.rthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatinghave heard dif  s. checkd? mtcatching w/. basically  ows $175k recent $500k. rest go?rthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrtoccupywallstreet  cb1 71 basically fuck policertoccupywallst peaceful protest  defeated violence mass police brutality. basically  people fucked.rthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrtbut pay attention meat obama call tantawy basically worry aid egypt conditional human rightsno re talking feds. called police & fed guy basically shoves therthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruating
fantasy football research predicting defensive performances seth walder predictable fantasy defense...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...theater listings oct. 21 27 selected guide theater performances york.fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances start  decided correlation th...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...
rtows please support 11  occupyarrests paris  sept17   sarkozy jail  tousx11rtoccupyoackland  occupywallstreet  occupiers  occupyarrests todos los  occupy .. respect    globalchange  globalrevolutionrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver pd firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrt“nyc   confirmed. trying cage using mesh.   occupywallst  occupytogether"  occupyarrests  standwithoaklandrtreports cops don badge | civil rights?rtpolice moving  occupyaustin  unknown    occupyarrests  occupywallst  occupyoakland  ows  occupydenverrt“city hall park arrests   occupywallst sgt.s thomas attendance  live  occupy”rtrtok consensed.  ows giving $20 000  occupyoakand solidarity. stay strong oakland   anonyopsrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtincluding 13  occupyarrests global total 2976 arrests.  occupyrichmond  occupyrochester  ows  occupywallstrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtkeep eye  occupyoakland  occupyaustin  occupynashville tonite. police situation getting tense.  occupywallst  owsrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtwith 57  occupyarrests total arrests stand 2750 please  standwithoakland  scottolson  occupywallst  iamscottolsenrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rt
rtwhat re reading collection links reporters editors dining section.n + 1 tripe. editor doof (not mention bad writer). ugh.rtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrt‘jon kate plus 8’ editor 25 nabbed north carolina kiddie porn sting    ny daily newsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall streetstudying re reading collection links reporters editors dining section.occupywallstreet rediscovering values   god politics editor   god politics blogrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtkrugman smackdown brooks  dishonest editorial income inequality.rteditorial colonel qaddafi’srtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsdiner’s journal blog re reading collection links reporters editors dining section.what re reading collection links reporters editors dining section.  (via)rtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsa readcolumn fromregarding irony recenteditorialrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owskate gosselinfilm editor nabbed child porn ringwhat re reading collection links reporters editors dining section.rtrt"the bloated nuclear weapons budget"editorial offers roadmap save billions.holiday gift 4 friends & family $9.99 1st book 5   fortier series  bookclub  nytimes  editors  bloggersformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street    occupywallstreet  via
rtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owswait till ya ll story pic. video too. illest moment   ratchet nypd fallrtnypd removed generators  ows camp hours snow started fallrtsharing atari teenage riot   "black flags" feat. boots riley/  anonymousrtkhadafy rise & fall dictatorrtsharing atari teenage riot   "black flags" feat. boots riley/  anonymousrtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsweiss joepa books snow falling steady rate steel gray skies vis...i falling love  winter  spring. occupy everything.  grow real change.surprise snowfall hits northeast  breaks records nyc knocks power ... rare october snowstorm socke...rtnypd removed generators  ows camp hours snow started fallthis awesome   justin timberlake  jimmy fallon perform ‘history  rap 3’ ‘late night jimmy fallon’    ..c:rpt study projecting  stortfall  science   tech   engineering   math(  stem)workers> v:reallyparody  occupywallst  serious voice disfranchised america worldrtrtnypd removed generators  ows camp hours snow started fallrtrtrtvideo file live report zuccotti park snowfall begins. front ...fine fall delights foodrtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owslove fall  weather stinks.justintimberlake   jimmyfallon perform  history rap 3   latenight   thankyounotesrtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   ows
family sleepover  occupywallstreet fri  oct 21   owsoccupywallstreet global  earthrevolution protect workers  jobs  ecology  freedom  duties & fairness human familyrtthewizard $25 billion fund family matter   99percent  usdor  usdayofrage  occupytogether  tcot  tlot  ows p2this you.  family. friends. neighbor.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyatlanta  occupycltthis you.  family. friends. neighbor.  occupywallstreet  owsrtoccupywallstreet turnedinto global  earthrevolution protect workers  jobs  ecology  freedom  duties & fairness human familyrtoccupywallstreet global  earthrevolution protect workers  jobs  ecology  freedom  duties & fairness human familyegypt scott olsen family.rtbaby overdoses nurse administers lethal amount antibiotics brooklyn hospital  familyrtour scott olsen family. |  occupyoaklandjesse james appear  american chopper   compete teutul family ... james started "motorcyc...sister wives  family welcomes baby no. 17 << support 17 kids 4 wives???brooklyn steppers marching band joins hope reichbach family launch memorial fund.rtto  occupywallst people there...if family wall st.  shut now.baby overdoses nurse administers lethal amount antibiotics brooklyn hospital  family  viartnews corp. pay $3.2 million dowler family  p2  p21  occupywallstreet  ows  tcot  1ufamily bronx cemetery lost grandma ashes  lied & remains stolen suit   negligence  fiduciarypaul ryan forgot mention family congress pardoned families congressshe life tweeting all=  life familyshe life tweeting day=  life familyrtnew poster middle class family endangered species   ows  occupywallstreet  99percent | plz
rtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertrtrtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join (cont)rtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"phase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplephase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertrtrtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join (cont)rphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  owsrtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeople
rtsingers pete seeger  arlo guthrie join occupy wall street march nyc  occupywallstreetrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd likertpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owswhere pete seeger  arlo guthrie  dan zanes join  occupywallstreetrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtpete seeger arlo guthrie marched night  occupywallstreet (video)rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  ows
“nyc’s food trucks schnitzel &rttents. trucks tents/blankets/personal items police us.  needsoftheoccupiersrttents. trucks tents/blankets/personal items police us.  needsoftheoccupiersleaflet truckstops petition port authority labor. urge blockade freight  nov2  generalstrike   owsnyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...cbsnewyork takes closer look thein nyc food trucks seriesnyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...rttents. trucks tents/blankets/personal items police us.  needsoftheoccupiersrtlawmakers calling regulations food trucks nyc york (cbsnewyork) – york city council membe...nyc food trucks korilla bbq cbsnewyork paying homage york city food trucks week spotl...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...rt"tents. trucks tents/blankets/personal items police us.  needsoftheoccupiers"rt6 busses  2 9  dozen half bikes/cars/trucks gearing potrero hill  occupysf  owsrt"tents. trucks tents/blankets/personal items police us.  needsoftheoccupiers"nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...rt"tents. trucks tents/blankets/personal items police us.  needsoftheoccupiers"nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...rt"tents. trucks tents/blankets/personal items police us.  needsoftheoccupiers"rttents. trucks tents/blankets/personal items police us.  needsoftheoccupiers
rtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owswomen feel safer near front bus.hasidic jewish sit bus  instead discriminating women rosa parksrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   ows“feeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   ows”rtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   ows viartfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsbernie madoff feels  safer  prison regrets hurting family  ... christina boyle convicted ponzi...rtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   ows
rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldoha  rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldocuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldoque cute es el mayor bloombito  chica? mtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo inside   latismrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldo
rtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtrtnyclu nypd shd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets nr zuccotti   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetthis addressed dangerous conditions posed presence &/or flammable/combustible liquids & portable generators public space.rtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers portable toilets & cleaning services. step up. provide help.  occupyatlanta  occupyoakand  occupyboston  occupydenverrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   owsrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetportable solar power kit.rtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetrtnyclu nypd reverse decision 2 deny request 2 portable toilets near zuccotti.   ows  occupywallstreetcheck portable solar heat?... doesn ows rent portable toiletsjust deliver portable sinks liberty plaza protesters. guys tomorrow
rtrsn live coverage   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupymarines reports  videortpreparing sheriffs  occupyfresno (cont)rtwishing toand injured vet scott olsen.rtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtprt pls pray scott olsen  iraq vet injured oaklandrtthank standing.rtwhen unions negotiate ability strike wrong.rtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfollowmarine @  occupyoakland – “we’re ”     ows  a99  opesr  occupytogether  usdor  anonymousrtnypd video recording protesters altercation arrest. on.rtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsyes canyes  occupy.everywherert1% prototypical bullies. read.rtfyia lot tear harassment nypd happens saturday nights alsowool  holds heat wet.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupyadvicertprt pls pray scott olsen  iraq vet injured oaklandrtows  usdor >>  occupymarines preparing occupy america nationwide  via
skelos baldwin taxes  via twitter adversary actor alec baldw...skelos baldwin taxes  via twitter thomas kaplan senate majority...skelos baldwin taxes  via twitter adversary actor alec baldw...alec baldwin twitter war dean skelos backfires  rant help gop ... baldwin bombastic twitter attack...skelos baldwin taxes  via twitter adversary actor a...   twitterrtrtnoonelieslikedeanskelosrti pay income txs 1 yr skelos pays 20. point?  noonedistortsthefactslikedeanskelosdean skelos conservatism vs. orthodoxy | york daily news   nysenate  masbiawill alec baldwin  twitter war help  gop? | york daily newsalec baldwin twitter war dean skelos backfires  rant help gop ...rtonly nassau county republian tool dean skelos drag name debate income tax.skelos baldwin taxes  via twitter thomas kaplan senate majority...skelos baldwin taxes  via twitteralec baldwin engages twitter war gop leader dean skelosalec baldwin twitter war dean skelos backfires  rant help gop ...baldwin bombastic twitter attacks senate majority leader dean skelos republicans perfect fo...rtdean skelos conservatism vs. orthodoxy | york daily newsrtnoonelieslikedeanskelosrtrtalec baldwin trades barbs senate majority leader dean skelosskelos baldwin taxes  via twittercity skelos baldwin taxes  via twitter
rtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.rtsex crime charges dropped victim recants identificationrtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.dropbox bids entry businesses   york timesrtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.doc drop zuccotti park owner?s letter complaint nypd commish ray kelly occupy wall street cleanup  filth  invasion  disrespect2 followers  till drop dirt  nypdrtneedsoftheoccupiers  tents list patriots wish camp  tent donate drop street sideidol  lee dewyze dropped rca recordswill simplify lifertth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.we dropped winter  occupysurvival tips  ows smart retweet    temps knowrtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.hey austin  rtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtstart fund id & punish oaklandpd cop shot vet & dropped grenade him?    usdordocument drop nyclu cops overuse tasers   york daily news (blog)rtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtits getting cold drop extra coats @  occupywallstreet.ows mtmust usaf "airman year" drops science portland re sons arrestgood lord... sounds  though. rtcongress approval rating drops 9%   owsrtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.
r&b star joe own string theory troubled york youthrtprotesters weren  dalefarm fight police. opportunity 2 violent brings uafr&b star joe own string theory troubled york youthif happen.  occupywallstreet look insignificant comparisonplease follow guy<<<< vids  ows  takebackwallstreet  occupywallstreet  05nrtnew video   rain shine drum circle goes    occupywallstreet  viaowsrtjoe congressman? joe plumber confident win ohio congressional election.closer joe nathan playing ny metsweiss joepa books snow falling steady rate steel gray skies vis...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...rtwho spins torture tyranny  bahrain ministry interior?former democratic campaign manag dean edwards.  usdorcloser joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...monroe  river return  dress auctioned           picrtpls rt>> sen. mark pryor  ar  sen. joe lieberman  ct  sen. ben nelson  nb  voted republicans.  connecttheleft  usdorrtmarine oakland crowd control methods prohibited war zones   ows  usdor  occupywallstreetrtwhy isn everywhere? viaoccupyeugene  occupyoregon  ows  occupywallstreetrtnew blog post  "why choose sleep concrete ?"   ows  occupywallstreet  occupyeugene  occupytogetherjoe cool playing metsrt92 yrs old. pete seeger leads march  ows  occupywallstreetcloser joe nathan playing ny mets dedication ceremony stony b...rtpls rt>> sen. mark pryor  ar  sen. joe lieberman  ct  sen. ben nelson  nb  voted republicans.  connecttheleft  usdor
rtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsi noticed shoved handcuffed ass police car bragging imbeciles. right.rtone officers shoved broom handle immigrants ass millionaire court.rtrtreligion choice oppression shoved peoples throats  freechoicertpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owspolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  ows:( rtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtrtdeaths custody families  including children  violently pushed shoved police.  police outnumber protesters 4 1.marcher scooter line shoved. falls. cops swarm ground. crowd move  push cops  pull marchers out. yelling cheering

kim kardashian file divorce kris humphries 72 days marriage kim kardashian husband kris humphries played sucker wedding guest  post wedding bliss isn ...to divorce kris humphries 72 days marriage. personal   kardashianomicswhat?   kimkardashian getting divorced?   kimkmarriagewasshorter  thesis"kimkardashian file divorce  krishumphries. hollywood tragedy?" didn marry?libra celebrity profile  kim kardashian   york daily news  viamoney buy brains   kim husband played suckeri word "love"  snowalready?heyyou re wrong place. occupyings house  1 percenter wasthingslongerthankimsmarriage  occupywallst protest  getmoneyoutkim kardashian file divorce kris humphries 72 days marriage rtgood deal kim jong il   sen sanders  media   ows  usdor  october2011  oct22  antiwar  p2  to...kim kardashian  kris humphries divorce russell simmons  mindy kaling  samantha ronson celebs reactshocker :)kim kardashian  kris humphries reportedly file divorcertrtkimkardashian filed divorce 72 days & 10 million dollar wedding.  occupywallstreet please eat her?eek  rtit hard   soulless kim kardashian ... oh  wait ...  viartrtoccupyoakand cops leave   protesters shouting "the world watching"    owslol rtawkward  kelly ripa nick lachey dress kim kardashian kris humphries halloweenthingslongerthankimsmarriage  occupyfortwayne  occupywallstreetrtpolice giving warning leave  occupyburque  owskim kardashian headed divorce?
instead  idea profit redefined omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  owsbalancing production consumption omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsthe corporation living system omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsredefine profit  contribution consumption   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owscapitalism ecologically negative. omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  omnius  humansphere  owsit corporation  system   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsdon destroy corporations  evolve system   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owshave read yet? omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsit time evolve system. omnius manifesto    occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsredefine profit  contribution consumption   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owscapitalism ecologically negative. omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  omnius  humansphere  owsfeasibility. omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsbenefits human consciousness. omnius manifesto    occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsdon destroy corporations  evolve system   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owshave read yet? omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsit time evolve system. omnius manifesto    occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsall life ecologically positive. omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsthe nonprofits. omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsa true globalcentric solution omnius manifesto   ows  occupy  occupywallstreet  omnius  humanspherepost modern post integral party ows plan omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  owsthe capitalism omnius manifesto   ows  occupy  occupywallstreet  omnius  humansphere
nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...rtgo phillanthropy  rthistoric day for$20m gift diller/von furstenberg family fndtnnyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...
what makes shot someone? "wanted questioning regards shooting 10/27rtcrook tries rob staten island diner  gunned  nypd cops   pd  policeshootingcops blame occupy wall street surge shootings  city wastes money policing protesters nypd floods wall st...“sources brooklyn woman killed shooting pregnant  mother 13   sadit damn time rtnypd trial begins officers sean bell shooting5  2 nypd cops involved sean bell shooting ... 2008  detective isnora offi...5  2 nypd cops involved sean bell shooting ... 2008  detective isnora offi...rtbrooklyn stray bullet shooting victim sues  nypd 5 day detention   missed tweet this?but depends. police shooting people  occupywallstreet. happened  ancylmarchi hate fake thugs smhrtsources brooklyn woman killed shooting pregnant  mother 13rtnew york ny police sued woman claiming detained 5 days & mistreated cops shooting victim [4]rtbrooklyn triple shooting leaves 11 wounded  woman deadrtbrooklyn triple shooting leaves girl injured  woman deaddicks aka nypd shooting neggas especially sean bell..rtif camera didn immediately run fargo building re shooting wrong story.digg politics cops blame occupy wall street surge shootings  city wastes money policing protesters nypd...brooklyn triple shooting leaves girl injured  woman dead 11 girl grazed she...detective fired sean bell breaks silence nypd detective fired sean bell shooting test...good. rtnypd arrest shooting death brooklyn mombrooklyn triple shooting 11 girl wounded  woman dead caught crossfirertbrooklyn triple shooting leaves 11 wounded  woman dead
giant rat killed pitchfork marcy houses believed ga pouched rat   york daily news  viaoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakoccupywallstreet protesters flock 2 health clinics std/hiv testing getting freak  <~infested zuccottirtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtryan incl. own emails fbi & nypd  ows email archive; cc:ing  anonymous  hbgaryrtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.rtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.rtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.rtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there."occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakafghan gun locker battlefield ingenuity  weapon longevity   byrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.rtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakuh  think. honey badger poops & urinates damn pleases.  occupybeehivertoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freaklibra celebrity profile  kim kardashian   york daily news  viartlook  fdny archives commissioning uss aircraft carrier constellation oct 28  1961
rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickomtif yo receiven candy halloweeño yo sendo ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickoif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickoa  trickortreat?we special surprise 4 village  halloween parade.  occupyhalloween  owsrtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortcan believe snow...in october    wondering ll ski season?  trickorsleetrtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que tricko
rtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtwow  historic day for$20m gift line diller/von furstenberg family foundation   generosityrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtamazing. rt$20m gift  highlinenyc diller   von furstenberg family foundation   design  citiesrtgo phillanthropy  rthistoric day for$20m gift diller/von furstenberg family fndtngreat news the$20 million donation dvf & barry diller final extension.awesome  congratsrt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationbarry diller diane von furstenberg $20 million northern section line park.rtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationwonderfulrt$20m gift line diller von furstenberg family foundationrthistoric day highline. rt$20m gift line diller von furstenberg familygreat news  rthistoric day 4 line. rt$20m gift  fr diller von furstenberg family found.rtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationexciting  rtbarry diller & diane von furstenberg $20m northern section line park.

rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  ows hahahartheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtlol rtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtrt "heard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  ows"  censorshiprtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrttwulocal 100 :) rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  ows
glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...sorry  heard dhs crack nat  occupy from...?glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...

rtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting.. // idiocracy  p2wheeew  im joining guys friday  rock rtthe march posseaion ornate netting. chanting nets netsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows”rtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrttactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtrtmarch runs netting. worth.  owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   owsrtoccupywallstreet tactically outsmarted police tonight. marching traffic & stealing nypd netting. onlookers cheered   ows
hey austin  rtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers bread  sandwich fixings  chips. snacks   fruit  veggies drop 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers food water 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe accept food water 24/7  needsoftheoccupiers 5011 cesar chavezrtunion march begins afl cio tx hq 1106 lavaca 12pm.  needsoftheoccupiers water  fruit  snack bars  gatorades 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtaccepts food/bev donations 24/7  needsoftheoccupiers. drop 5011 e. cesar chavez email basecampaustin.comrtunion march begins afl cio tx hq 1106 lavaca 12pm.  needsoftheoccupiers water  fruit  snack bars  gatorades 5011 e. cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers water  hydrating fluids  lunch meats  cheeses  lettuce  tomatoes etc  chips snacks fruits veggies 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtdrop food water 5011 e. cesar chavez   needsoftheoccupiers water  juices  fruits  sandwich fixings  nonperishables  snacks chipsrtnooner list occupy austin needs...  needsoftheoccupiers  noto 5011 e. cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers food water 5011 e. cesar chavez  occupyaustin  ows  occupytogether  99percent  ows  solidarityrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers bread  sandwich fixings  chips. snacks   fruit  veggies drop 5011 e. cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers water  hydrating fluids  lunch meats  cheeses  lettuce  tomatoes etc  chips snacks fruits veggies 5011 e. cesar chavezaustin peeps    >rtneedsoftheoccupiers food water 5011 e. cesar chavez  occupyaustin  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers food water 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe accept food water 24/7  needsoftheoccupiers 5011 cesar chavez
undercover cops paid disruptive loud  citibank  protester | york observer   usdor  owsundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owson rain conspiracy theorist  don trust nj  ck clouds xrs hudson  lolrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtytcracker   living america byvia  soundcloud   ows  occupywallstreet  starbucksyogurtrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester   usdor  ows ... sup?rtthe loud drumming constitutionally protected imho; noise ordinances legal. drumming nypd excuse     ows  cb1is solar power feasible? getting cold/cloudy?  needsoftheoccupiersloudon county  va gop leader sent email depicting pres. obama bullet hole head  he...rtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrtthe loud drumming constitutionally protected imho; noise ordinances legal. drumming nypd excuse     ows  cb1rtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtthree ran  cloud gas woman wheelchair battery died   occupyoakland  usdorrtrtnoonelieslikedeanskelosrtrtwatch march   owsrtsign move money pledge   louderthanwords viaoccupywallst  ows  occupyromekeenum 9 td passes  no. 18 houston beats rice clouds rolled rain inevitable ...  (via nyt)
outstanding student loan debt hit $1 trillion 2011 bit.ly/nnhe4m  studentloandebt ccrtexplaining federal student loan rules   tcot  tlotwhat former students strike stopped paying student loans? banks bailout?  occupywallstreet  owsrtpresident obama unveils student loan plan cut surging debt bad job marketstudent loans shld free bankster loans were.  toxic student debt blow economy..great post york times  educating people payday loanspresident obama unveils student loan plan cut surging debt bad job market   york daily newsobama unveils student loan plan deep debt york college kids president obama enthusiastic "a" wed...president obama unveils student loan plan cut surging debt bad job marketwe help adults usa school loans  relief comes in.  wrongpresident ease student loan burden low income graduates expansion income based college loan re...rtcar company u.s. loan  builds cars finland   usdor  ows  connecttheleftrtwhite house help college loans isn   ows  occupywallstnycyour money explaining federal student loan rules ron lieber  money columnist  answered readers’ quest...president obama student loan debt relief proposal explained amanda holpuch president barack obama speak...president obama student loan debt relief proposal explained quick explanation technical terms president...includes faqs section. “your money explaining federal student loan rulesrtexplainer obama student loan debt relief proposalwhite house help college loans isn   ows  occupywallstnycbut underpaid workforce grunt 2 college degrees $100k student loansstudent loan debt reached $100 billion mark time history; tips ...
rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan next?rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan hidden?rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaks????what year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksthe elite frightened   coverup protest  ourwallstreet  fukushima  world.  people power  uprtrt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst (cont)rtffrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaks2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan hidden?rt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan next?rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan next?rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaks
rtmajor smedley butler & fascist takeover usa   warning history   youtube   ows  usdor  p2  p21rtjudith butler giving speech using people mic  washingtonsquarertjudith butler giving speech using people mic  washingtonsquarertjudith butler giving speech using people mic  washingtonsquarertmajor smedley butler & fascist takeover usa   warning history   youtube   ows  usdor  p2  p21rtjudith butler giving speech using people mic  washingtonsquarertjudith butler giving speech using people mic  washingtonsquarertwatch judith butler speech via people mic  washingtonsquarertjudith butler giving speech using people mic  washingtonsquarertjudith butler giving speech using people mic  washingtonsquarertmajor smedley butler & fascist takeover usa   warning history   youtube   ows  usdor  p2  p21rtjudith butler giving speech using people mic  washingtonsquaresweet syncronicity huge turnout @ 2nd eve sedgwick memorial  boston despite bad weather. judith butler speakslibertysquarertjudith butler giving speech using people mic  washingtonsquarertjudith butler giving speech using people mic  washingtonsquarertstray bullet victim unlawfully detained five days police claimed lying incident.rtjudith butler giving speech using people mic  washingtonsquarejudith butler coming speak  washingtonsquare sunday 6pmcome judith butler  washingtonsquare 5 minutes  talking political bodies public spaces  please rt."if hope impossible demand  demand impossible"  judith butler  washingtonsquarertcheck text judith butler speech night  washingtonsquare
rtbrooklyn ffs honored congregation yetev lev satmar saving torahs synagogue firert??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????rtpreparing sheriffs  occupyfresno (cont)rtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsffows  osf viartoh ffs. rtugh. rtmtv air "true life occupying wall street"   owsworking real nyc dim sum chef peter lee stuffs folds ... watch peter lee dumplings b...media decoder blog  60 minutes  draws viewers madoffs interview wife a...working real nyc dim sum chef peter lee stuffs folds ...rtbrooklyn ffs honored congregation yetev lev satmar saving torahs synagogue fire  fdnyrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owscalifornia air resources board approves carbon cap trade starting 2013. offsets us.rtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsdalefarm evictions police matter. police ensure kept protect public & bailiffs.mitch mcconnell police  firefighter layoffs   gopfailowsjobsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsmitch mcconnell police  firefighter layoffs   gopfailowsjobs
rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenwe refuse buy items  buy  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        owsrtheads nyc >> rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   pleasertneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   pleasertneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtheads nyc >> rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenthey ve people bring own plates cutlery nowrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchenrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cups  plates cutlery   please        ows  peopleskitchen
rtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  ows hahahartheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtlol rtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtrt "heard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  ows"  censorshiprtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtand is... duh...  green vegetables shown boost immune systemrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrt "heard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  ows"rtrt "heard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  ows"rtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  owsrtheard that&r blocked  nypd.  uh... (evil laugh)  ows

occupymelbourne evicted   surrounded fences police moving inrtrtrtplease tell  occupymelbourne surrounded police. ...rtlisten worldoccupyoz  occupymelbourneis surrounded.oh ll  2 minutes. re surrounded west princeovercome what?rthundreds  occupythecircle singing "we overcome". surrounded majestic fountains.  owsrtoccupymelbourne evicted   surrounded fences police moving inrtoccupymelbourne evicted   surrounded fences police moving inrtoccupymelbourne evicted   surrounded fences police moving inrtin cab downtown liberty sq. surrounded caravan police cruisers. tension mounting.  owsrtoccupywallstforgot surrounded w/ corporate dems likewho influenced appointmentsrtemergency call action      occupy san diego civic center surrounded sdpd tumblr.com/z0f8hwb6ku3a  ows  usdorrtlisten worldoccupyoz  occupymelbourneis surroundedrtlisten worldoccupyoz  occupymelbourneis surroundedwhat reason justify filming meeting public space surrounded tourists.rtrtemergency call action      occupy san diego civic center surrounded sdpd tumblr.com/z0f8hwb6ku3a  ows  usdorrtrtemergency call action      occupy san diego civic center surrounded sdpd tumblr.com/z0f8hwb6ku3a  ows  usdorrtoccupymelbourne evicted   surrounded fences police moving inpolice tried motorcycle blockade duane st hundreds surrounded shouting shame.  owsrtlisten worldoccupyoz  occupymelbourneis surroundedrtrtplease tell  occupymelbourne surrounded police. ...rtrtrtplease tell  occupymelbourne surrounded police. ...
the york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .tar heels challenges goal   newyorktimesadele cancels 2011 concerts rumors throat cancer flood ... hottest scandals rumors ...rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rt1st demand  occupymust resign immediately.  occupyoaklandows  99percent  usdor  usrevolution  revolution  p2rt1st demand  99percentmust resign immediately.  ows  occupy  occupyoaklandusdor  usrevolution  revolutionpedal power fuels  occupywallstreet   ows  occupybostonoccupywallstreet  bologna feels  tortured  pepper spray incident   ows  occupyamerica  usdor  occupytogetheron alan hollinghurst "his intention gay life granted novels life heterosexuals."made list frequent  ows live tweeters nyc. else?  ccjohn tortorella channels inner allen iverson ny rangers return ...rtus navy sailor uniform arrested night occupy sacramento   occupywallstreet  owsrta silly controversy halloween decorations pass morning chelsea market.  viaweather scaring people else on?rtmtaudio nypd radio trafficamericans’ distrust government levels history  elsewhere   eurochat   politics  trusttarps handwarmers coming way. else need?  needsoftheoccupiersrtmtaudio nypd radio traffic   ||  lol goodya   occupywallstreet protestors filthy cretins.    ows  tcot  p2  nolabels  hannityrtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .steve jobs biography reveals obsession veganism steve jobs  biography revels former apple ceo quirky...
rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm:occupation overture painted 1812 overture playing otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsrtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  owsoccupymadison rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent....rtmon 7pm join occupation overture painted  1812 overture playing  otherwise silent. meet red cube  libertysquare  ows
rt"mostly peaceful  obeyed law   weasel wordsrtwhat  occupywallst protester citizens united free speech   owsrturgent  mt  occupycharlestonwv desperate support food.   ows  usdor  needsoftheoccupiers thankrturgent nyc  nypd critical response vehicle team heading union square park.ows  occupytogether  occupyrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtnypd cop busted  fbi agents civil rights charges   ows  usdor  nypdfilthrtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtthe koch union busting agenda devastated ohio 99%  viaows   ourwallstreetrtnypd removed generators  ows camp hours snow started fallcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtcongratson switching bicycle powered generators weekend    350ppm  owsrtoccupymedia *urgent* government youtube censor  occupy protest videos (via anonymous)   owsrtows  nyc cops fire dept stealing generators occupiers    occupy  anonymous  solidarity  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityrturgent nyc  nypd critical response vehicle team heading union square park.ows  occupytogether  occupyrturgent help locate nypd cardona assault victim  fromrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtcommunist  nazi parties endorse ‘occupy’ protests  viaows  occupywallstreet  nazi  communist 19rtprecancerous genital growths rise women  reportrtoccupywallstnyc stationary bikes charge batteries police confiscate gas generators  copols  occupydenver
rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldoget free  99 percent  sticker   occupywallst  p2  ows  the99percentglad cops cleaning trash. streets943 likes occupy wall street  media makeover  andy cob   occupywallstreet viartdown tribeca   swat team  occupywallst protesters readyrtiowa couple spent 72 died buried | nydaily newsrtthe  ows goon squad rioting force shower  shave job.  occupywallstreet  p2rtnew video inside citibank incident w/ nypd arrests occupy wallstreet 10/15/2011rtwe play.  play mine  play  succeed.   anonymous  ows  occupywallstreetso sad proof true love exist <3  "an elderly iowa couple spent 72 yrs 2gether died 2gether holding hands"rtoccupywallst ppl real  & read article. finally ppl brains step forward  53percent.rtit becoming  occupywallstreet movements 1 place. ve numbers.  occupydenver  oo  owsrturgent nyc  nypd critical response vehicle team heading union square park.ows  occupytogether  occupycan boomer carton stay together?rtstudy rich lot richer  outpace middle class   occupywallstreetnypd name calls hi yoko lmaooo ima regularfox news nypd officers charged allegedly helping friends ticketsadele cancels 2011 concerts rumors throat cancer flood ... hottest scandals rumors ...wait till ya ll story pic. video too. illest moment   ratchet nypd fallrtwounded brooklyn woman held 5 days nypd tried ‘get lie’occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freak
rtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remaindear comm kelly city back/beautiful day riot gear safely clean park vermin   ows  occupywallstreetrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtrnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remain"nypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remain"rtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainnyc offering prescription drug buy program york (cbsnewyork) – effort safely dispose unuse...rtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remain
rtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtcongress remiss constitutional duty  gathered apps re article single public record   usdorrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtwhen injustice law  rebellion duty.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owstwo duty nypd officers separate  dwi arrests   ny daily newsrtifwt duty nypd officers themselves suspended dwi arrestsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtifwt duty nypd officers themselves suspended dwi arrestsmanhattan   shots fired duty  nypd officer riverside dr & 91 st.  aviation  esu &  k9 requested.  breakingrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsu/d manhattan 24 precinct shots fired duty nypd officer riverside dr & 91 st. request aviation esu & 9 ems crime scene setup kmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   owsrtfeeling lot safer  libertysquare withandon duty   ows
"who shut internet egypt? dr. amr badawi frm security sector 9 yrs @ gte&general dynamicsrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupiermtrtoccupysf camp receives ltr frm pd warning arrests     ows  occupyrvartisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupiertonight? no. nite apprved 20k oakland  march support w/ othr occupations. gen strike frm oakland ga hrs l8rfashion becoming gaga minaj   stephanie rosenbloom simone oliver help patricia field togeth...rtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupier? occupywallstreet freedom; living  breathing embodiment 1st amendment   occupytogether  occupylasvegasrta message police officers frm occupy wall streetmtvid frmshowing tear gas canisters exploding crowd  maybe flash grenades  (via)r live innyc? campd park?i knowuwere othrnight right? ve followng frm startheadlining  ows agenda rally 2  march police brutality 3 frm union square park  occupywallstreetrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupierrtisaac  frm kansas city  runs free wifi  libertysquare "i bc believe build freer network & world"  newoccupier
rtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowssafety health    occupywallstreet    message heard thruout world  heard dont campout  owssafety  experienced curbside bus operators assailed sen. chuck schumer nat..rtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsgood  rtdid fire safety materials available 10 languages?rtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsblah blah  regs  blah blah blah  health blah blah safety blah blah. real reason screw.  nypdit tranquilizer dart guess public safety factorrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtntc usa occupywallstnyc police disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare ...   occupy  usantc"fdny continue monitor conditions park ensure public safety maintained w/ regard fire & life safety."rtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsrticymi report at:police disguise protest sabotage public safetyrtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsthe pragmatist childproofing crawling safety — pragmatist world childproofing chan...rtpolice disguise protest sabotage public safety –  libertysquare   occupyarizona  viaowsthat  sounds seiu striking en masse day except ppl public safety positions. not3 hrs motorcycle racing neighborhood. onlycared traffic safety stopping reckless speeding.
rtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesofficial  police line  halloween parade  nyc  officer lied  downtwn  nypd uptwn cops tell crowds 2 4paradertnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombieshow awesome this? ones batman well..tim burton macy thanksgiving paradertnyc doesn allow marchers street parade permit. nypd sidewalks streets.accidentally joined  halloween parade  occupywallst movement. times.rtcity tim burton balloon spook macy paradertnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesanonops rtwe special surprise 4 village halloween parade..  occupyhalloween ...rtbrooklyn caton ave & parade missing 10 boy  home (cont)rtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrthalloween parade  ows  occupywallst  occupytogether  occupywallstreetrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesoccupyparadeplatz  switzerland live beautiful ?music? streets    ows  occupyrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtbrooklyn caton ave & parade missing 10 boy  home (cont)rtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesrtoccupywallstreet takes message greenwich village halloween parade   owsrtnyc  halloween  parade occupied  owsnews   occupywallst   zombiesthe scariest tv tonight iscoverage village halloween parade
rtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismnew york rangers blow goal lead  lose shootout ottawa senators   york daily newsrt*** sen. bernie sanders exposes ***sens  senators york rangers blow goal lead  lose ottawa senators   york daily newsrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrt*** sen. bernie sanders exposes ***rtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtwhat  wallstreet doesn’t oil prices    ows  occupywallstreet  occupyrt:stock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.  ...rtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismwill alec baldwin  twitter war help  gop? | york daily newsrtnew york rangers blow goal lead  lose shootout ottawa senatorsas louisville & w. virginia compete admission 12  senators involved.s storyrtrest peace. author. rtpiri thomas  author ‘down mean streets ’ diesrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalismrtstock portfolios senators beat market 10%  reps 6%.   cronycapitalism
this  occupywallstreet fail unemployable allowed doing media interviews instead unemployedamazing   livestream pete seeger walking columbus circle  . pete seeger fought 99% life.rtanother video  occupymelbourne "the world watching "  ~rl  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtamazing   livestream pete seeger walking columbus circle  . pete seeger fought 99% life.rtwe  nypd guiding protecting   ows.rtthere hole bucketre nypd cops crying cops broke law indicted couldn happen bunch @$$holes. the world watching  occupywallstnycrtthis  occupywallstreet movement "scary" elite doesnt adhere institutionalized patterns |then well. dumb.rtwelcome aboard moron<< class act. opposition bench aboard  miss placedrtsad. walcott fighting 99% life mted panel meeting disrupted "occupy" protestsrtmy heart hurts oakland.   occupyoakland  occupywallstreet. dad support nov 2nd.  generalstrikeno  watching livestream watched thing. livestream down.. occupywallstnyc channelrtanother video  occupymelbourne "the world watching "  ~rl  occupyla  occupywallstreetloudon county  va gop leader sent email depicting pres. obama bullet hole head  he...artsbeat blog channel surfing  flip  vs. ratholeswe  world watching  longlivefreedom   longlivethe fightrtwe  nypd guiding protecting   ows.rtanother video  occupymelbourne "the world watching "  ~rl  occupyla  occupywallstreetstand strong. world watching.

glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories  read viaglory faded neck roll; memoriesglory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...henry rollins:..tea party faded quickly weakened artificial ingredients  with.glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...
pregnant mom dies shielding kids gunman. terrible story. 13 kids? 33 old?pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman brooklyn   viartpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunmanrtpregnant mom dies shielding schoolchildren rooftop gunman brooklynrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnews*damn* rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman brooklyn   b...   bkrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...pregnant mom dies shielding kids gunmanrtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtpregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman    breakingnewspregnant mom dies shielding kids gunmannot beirut  brooklyn  “pregnant mom dies shielding school children rooftop gunman...rt*damn* rtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtupdate pregnant mom died shielding schoolkids rooftop gunman   breakingnewsrtpregnant mom dies shielding schoolchildren rooftop gunman brooklyn  hitechcjrtpregnant mom dies shielding schoolchildren rooftop gunman brooklyn
rtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites  99percent   ows  topprog  p2occupying city  rtoccupytheboardroom mention  ows  p2ny  otbroccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%rtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites  99percent   ows  topprog  p2great piece alternet sabout  occupytheboardroom   otbr  owsrtoccupytheboardroom mention  ows  p2ny  otbrrtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites  99percent   ows  topprog  p2occupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99% | occu..occupy boardroomoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%thank youfor coming accept letters  ows  occupytheboardroom  occupyrtgreat piece alternet sabout  occupytheboardroom   otbr  owsoccupy boardroom solution kidnap fuckers families pay again.occupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%occupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99% | occu..rtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street 99%  goodmorning  owsrtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%rtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%took days im :)occupy boardroom 9 angry heart breaking messages wall street elites ..delivering letters. pics pls  rtnow leaving bryant park. stop  bank america   occupytheboardroom  owsoccupy  boardroom 9  angry   heart breaking  messages  wall  street  elites 99%   america  usa  news

rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldoha  rtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldocuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldoque cute es el mayor bloombito  chica? mtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo inside   latismrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortrtcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldortcuidadoesta raining. necesita leavo el parko de zuccotti inside  que catch coldo
we demand 1% sales tax wall street transactions. paid republic.  occupywallstreet  occupywallst   owsrtrank file cops admit re sympathic  ows. cop arrests cop?bud  shocked oakland police riot gear ran  takewallstreet folksand day 15:00 front bundestagrtthat job  mtwhy hell nypd wasting resources following twitter accounts & spewing information random peoplertbrooklyn mother 12 mourned  hailed hero police commish  ray kelly 250 zurana horton’s emotional f...week seven fantasy football rankings hanging tough ryan torain ranking antonio brown mistake. after...week seven fantasy football rankings hanging tough ryan torain ve underperformed and/or faced toug...rtplease  oakland police mayor fresh protest critical wounding veteran   ows  usdor  californiacardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime   newyorktimesiraq war veteran scott olsen critical condition police tear gas  occupywallstreet oakland.  fuckthepoliceny giants brandon jacobs run blueran  halloween candy. switching *small* cups  steelreserve.  p2  tlot  topprog  iamthe53  ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtlooking  oh york  gift? transit museum help. click  shop transit  bottomrtmthard understand. constitution protects assemble. disgraceful.  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtnypd sweeping internal investigation  300 corruption  16 officers arrestedrangers look renovated gardenrtplanning citibank branch close account  treated protestors.   ows  citibankgiuliana rancic  doing  undergoing breast cancer surgeryows  occupywallstreet "the tree liberty refreshed time time blood patriots tyrants"random  nypd cops media covering arraignments fellow officers
rtcheck mom movement inspire kidsrtpatent  broccoli revoked    monsanto tightens death grip food |  gmo  food   ows  occupywallst...rtnew video inside citibank incident w/ nypd arrests occupy wallstreet 10/15/2011rtwhat paid bills januaryrti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.heyany chance occupy annoying gossip girls filming outside apt now?  heartsandmindsdual live stream  occupysf  occupyoakland   occupysanjosertcops again. table chairs pens paper. food needed. plz help.  needsoftheoccupiers“columnist nypd encouraging drunks 2 join occupiers   doesnt anymore insane  collective insanityprobably hour calling sandman sleep. needed. sleep nypd.rt“standupdenver ustream .  viaows  connecttheleft   p3  usdor  1u”rtsenator bernie sanders occupy wall street  whyoccupy   youtube   ows  occupy  october2011  oct22  usdor  antiwar  p2occupysanjose donations...everything  needsoftheoccupiersrtsen bernie sanders amazing speech    99percent  ows  occupycanada  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupylsx  canadartend fed     endthefed  ows  solidarity  99percent  occupylincoln  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  usdor  occupyprotestors  obama fundraising visit  sanfrancisconews   occupysf  occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owsrawvideo alexjohns  endthefed san antonio   ows  occupyoakland  occupywallst  occupyusa  anonyopsrtmtcall  san fran mayor office (415) 554 7111  police chief (510) 777 3211...rtrtassange extradition judgement delivered wed 2 november 2011   wikileaksrtneedsoftheoccupiers storage boxes  police  store doesnt again
golf adjusts penalties  centuries   newyorktimesgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesnews golf adjusts penalties  centuriesgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...rtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...news golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body t...   nytimesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body much...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body muc...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...
worldnews sgt shamar thomas unbelievable nypd treats owsrtsgt  shamarthomas unbelievable nypd treats  ows    occupywallstreetwatching msnbc retired marine sgt. shamar thomas ham nypd ows protesters...wowto nypd police officers  sgts  lt capts. ows try stay warm dry.rtformer  marine sgt. shamar  thomas lashes  nypd protects  ows protestors.   99percent  occupywallstreetrt"if wanna fight   iraq &  afghanistan.. re protect  protect " fmr sgt marine thomas  nypd  ows  99percentbrave marine sgt. shamar thomas shames nypd.  ohohjodietheboysarecominghome.  p2rt“city hall park arrests   occupywallst sgt.s thomas attendance  live  occupy”i liked avideo  sgt shamar thomas unbelievable nypd treats owssgts. union fight protests & ll sue zuccotti park protesters won t...rtrtmarine veterans leading  occupywallstreet march. marine sgt. thomas present.sgt shamar thomas live  owsrtsgt. shamar thomas thanks service profound statement  nypd .handle yourself ga  lastwordsgt. shamar thomas usmc message  nypd   ows  occupywallstreet  occupy  nycsgts. union fight protests & ll sue zuccotti park protesters won t...rt"if wanna fight   iraq &  afghanistan.. re protect  protect " fmr sgt marine thomas  nypd  ows  99percentsgt. shamar thomas (marine corp) hero.   ows  occupywallstnycrtsgt. shamar thomas  ows "presenting danger nypd." veteran community stand up.  lastwordvideo war veterantells  nypd cops stop abusing people.  [thank ]  ows  youknowiloveyouwhensgt shamar thomas unbelievable nypd treats ows   youtubertsgt. shamar thomas thanks service profound statement  nypd .handle yourself ga  lastword
rtsingers pete seeger  arlo guthrie join occupy wall street march nyc  occupywallstreet“maybe u.s. invade oakland    unlike iraq    actually chemical weapons”  occupywallstreetrtrtrtthe energy incredible. haven seen nightwas evicted.  owsunder wall street & 1% withering fire  global ecosystems biosphere collapsing  leading   occupywallstreetrtmet police using surveillance system monitor mobile phones  viartbelieve   jets positioned control afc east care business wks   nyjrti hearing thatwants every1 2  libertysquare. ve using  libertyplaza. temp check?  owsrtcongress remiss constitutional duty  gathered apps re article single public record   usdorentrepreneurship occupy wall street site suits impromptu businesswoman ...   entrepreneurrtpete solidarity singing days mccarthy. wrote songbook.rthe using canes walk  walking tall.rtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsnow using technology    rthere  ows zuccotti park doing a...dera diana  disaster actually due exceptional natural causes  touched areart92 yr pete seeger marching broadway aid canes singing riverside.  powerful. ows  occupywallstreetwe exercising nourishment (breakfast/snack)    myth around. feel...rtpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclert"when rich steal fr poor called business poor fight called violence   occupywallst rtrtnewyorktimes sues administration 4 refusing reveal secret interpretation  patriotact   ows  occupytogether  usdorrtgreat  riot pac 12.  nypd arizona game instead harassing  99percent. hate  wildcatsit helpful sing hymn / anthem demonstrations worldwide
rtcalvin hobbes explain  occupywallstreetoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyarmy  protester  occupydenver  hyperlocal  nypdoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly  ireportoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  p2  protester  occupytogether  ourwallstreet  occupyportlandoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  journalism  news  opinion  progressive  sep17  takewallstreetoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism ows  occupywallst  weareone   nypd  occupysf   globalrevolutionoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyarmy  protester  occupydenver  hyperlocal  nypdoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyarmy  protester  occupydenver  hyperlocal  nypdrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism ows  occupywallst  weareone   nypd  occupysf   globalrevolutionrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly  ireportrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  journalism  news  opinion  progressive  sep17? takewallstreetrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism? generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly  ireportrtexcited announce  collaboration bdw class andoccupywallstreetoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly  ireportoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  p2 protester  occupytogether  ourwallstreet  occupyportlandoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassembly
youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped        yorkrtjust added blog post dj rob rob youngin chased front nypd snitching &youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped    bakerygangyoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   *exclusivevideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  yorkrtvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stompedjust added blog post dj rob rob youngin chased front nypd snitching &video youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viajus dont vid youngin chased front nypd afta snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viacheck out>> youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  yorkvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  yorkvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   via
rtpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  sing"this little light mine".  ows  occupythecircle“columbus circle  occupied. chants "we 99% "  occupythecircle  ows” omg hood now.“columbus circle  occupied. chants "we 99% "  occupythecircle  ows” : ) noise 4  xoxortpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertrtcolumbus circle  occupied. chants "we 99% "  occupythecircle  owsrtask ye receive pete seeger march support  ows tonight   occupythecircle  owsrtpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclewow really? rtcolumbus circle  occupied. chants "we 99% "  occupythecircle  owsrtlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertrtcolumbus circle  occupied. chants "we 99% "  occupythecircle  owsrtpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertwow really? rtcolumbus circle  occupied. chants "we 99% "  occupythecircle  owsrtlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclerthehe rtoccupythecircle cops @ columbus circle 2 ...pete seeger?  owsyou guys losers rtcolumbus circle  occupied. chants "we 99% "  occupythecircle  ows
new sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viaat people learning rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viatop story architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"the architect  occupywallstreet praises power “magical hashtags”rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viathe architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"  vianew sex ed course raises eyebrows  /viasembra interessante ma ... che cosa significa? : ortnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viathe architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags""the girl door"rtnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /vianew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /viartnew sex ed course raises eyebrows   /via// guess pregnant teens
occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakoccupywallstreet protesters flock 2 health clinics std/hiv testing getting freak  <~infested zuccottirtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freak( deopties) " evolution  thirdreplicator genes  memes .. what? "  &   stdp"occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakfollowfriday(via)rtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtnewyorkpost occupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freak on.right job rthope bro nyscanner bronx 1463 vyse ave. male shot aided ...rtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakqaddafi’s death lessons  arabspringrtoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakrtoccupy washington square meets wed. october 26th 7 p.m. park   wsp blog  generalassembly  ows  washingtonsquarertoccupywallstreet protesters flock health clinics std & hiv testing getting freakphoto occupy mordor  occupywallstreet  sauronmustdie
rtthis interesting..nypd sue ows protesters. ya pigs  "discovery". didn hear about.rtnewyorktimes sues administration 4 refusing reveal secret interpretation  patriotact   ows  occupytogether  usdorrtpeter schiff & 99% issue exchange. beginning    ows  usdor  usdaysofrage  anonymous  99percentnewyorktimes sues administration 4 refusing reveal secret interpretation  patriotact   ows  occupytogether  usdorgoldman sachs v.  occupywallstreet watchoccupychirtrti agree obama campaign contributions wall street  copols  ows  occupydenver  occupywallstnyc  keyissueso nypd waits 45 days & til 1st snow sieze  ows generators bc fire hazard? nyers shd sue city leaving  danger  longrtrtlandon donovan red bulls blast  sheds light temperament issues henry marquezrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owssgts. union fight protests & ll sue zuccotti park protesters won t...living wage gets naacp support  local living wage battle national civil rights issue  naacp...rtrtthe nypd threatening sue occupy wall street protesters  ~  oh yes ...rtgoldman sachs v.  occupywallstreet watchoccupychirti agree obama campaign contributions wall street  copols  ows  occupydenver  occupywallstnyc  keyissuertso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtbrooklyn stray bullet shooting victim sues  nypd 5 day detention   missed tweet this?you sue idea  individuals possessing idea sue you. ia investigation?  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsrtso re sue protestors oakland  ffs  coma pd protestor violence  owsmust readby. born & raised & placed esl . wider spread issue?nypd threaten file civil suit  ows protesters web responds millions sue    fightback  infowars
sunny 75 sf bay  snowtoberrtexcellent article feminism islamism  tunisia election winning party  ennahda encouraging.i thinkpost misunderstood.  solidarityrtour friends atneed help sunday  call action eviction defense ...followsundayowsoh fanks sparty. xxxooo  sunnysunday  nosetapsrtstay warmshould knitting club @ suny purchase fer all?  needsoftheoccupiersit cool onsite screenprint team sell wares support buying goods&sundries  needsoftheoccupiersrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsas u.s. troops set withdraw iraq  iran poised exert influence sun sets u.s. military ...occuppywallstfind brooklyn boy missing monticello found sunday monticello  ny (cbsnewyork) – ...    ammelliaheads  ows nation   ready    occupytogether  usuncut  nycga  opesrrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall streetrtntc usa occupywallstnyc friends atneed help sunday  call ...   occupy  usantcrtwe re solidarity sunday  folks support?rtcity ray pizza    ray pizza  close sundayread  occupywallstreet press ? top stories via?   ows  occupy  globalchangertlove pop? love girls  generation? check cover theyour york sunday. guess cover??  snsdsee  featured comment  zapfino mtis nypd sending drunk homeless ppl 2  occupywallstreet?   owsone ride bklyn bound sun sets. (copy)
rtdon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidence   management  strategy  mbanytimes don’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidence |"don blink  hazards confidence" readrtdon’t blink  hazards confidencebig banks blink card fees  viartdon’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencertblinkered socialist twit award goes to(numerous tweets) congratulations.  occupylsxrtblinkered socialist twit award goes to(numerous tweets) congratulations.  occupylsx << hahartblinkered socialist twit award goes to(numerous tweets) congratulations.  occupylsx  edl  wlfrtdon’t blink  hazards confidence" exaggerated expectation consistency common error" rtdon’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidencedon’t blink  hazards confidencertdon’t blink  hazards confidence
r&b star joe own string theory troubled york youthrtff samaan aikaan kunon kilauttamassa pörssikelloajajatkavat  occupywallstreet  occupyfinlandbigup  start ; ) cusoon didnt hav muchtime willvienna 1day be4 global 15 oct ppl occupy huge bldg  ows  occupywallstrtalso   occupywallstreet /  ows lunatic told waited black guy pres. start protesting. racists.rtrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases & tarps.  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtshort concise cut thru financial jargon illusion monetary sys reality   ows  occupywallstreet  detroittar heels challenges goal   newyorktimesrtrevolutions don start people stay legal physical confines set authorities.  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupytogetherrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtnypd removed generators  ows camp hours snow started fallrti 16 nd highly engrossed politics   occupywallstreet  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland starting fire ..rtamerica "managed democracy" inverted totalitarian public shepherded  sovereign.  usdorrtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersr&b star joe own string theory troubled york youthrtrevolutions don start people stay legal physical confines set authorities.  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupytogethervideo 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viathis mad respectforget planking.  start tebowing.rtrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enforcement   usdor  owsrtoccupy wall street  99percent  usdor  usdayofrage target soros  feds   & algore attention
balancing production consumption omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsthe corporation living system omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsredefine profit  contribution consumption   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owscapitalism ecologically negative. omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  omnius  humansphere  owsit corporation  system   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsdon destroy corporations  evolve system   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owshave read yet? omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsit time evolve system. omnius manifesto    occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsredefine profit  contribution consumption   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owscapitalism ecologically negative. omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  omnius  humansphere  owsfeasibility. omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsbenefits human consciousness. omnius manifesto    occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsdon destroy corporations  evolve system   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owshave read yet? omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsit time evolve system. omnius manifesto    occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsall life ecologically positive. omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsthe nonprofits. omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  owsa true globalcentric solution omnius manifesto   ows  occupy  occupywallstreet  omnius  humanspherethe capitalism omnius manifesto   ows  occupy  occupywallstreet  omnius  humanspherethe mainstream emergent omnius manifesto   ows  occupy  occupywallstreet  omnius  humansphereare ready this? plan ows omnius manifesto   occupywallstreet  occupy  omnius  humansphere  ows
rtconnect dots ’02   nypd training  israel ; 9  spying nyc muslims exposedrt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarecheck facilitation training  bring ga home    occupywallst  occupy  occupytogether  occupyeverywhere  owsrtwhy arent restraining enforced nys?wants know.rt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquareits remarkable little firearms (lethal & lethal) training police agencies get. check rand studyrt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarertwhat nonviolent direct action?  usdor violent civil disobedience training talks (cont)rt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarertconnect dots ’02  nypd training israel; 9  spying nyc muslims exposedrtread pages 6 8 nypd training guidelines  watch videos  & violate rule trainedrttraining video run assembly start own  occupywallstreet community.  owsrt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarert"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarei love. cops hippies mace  taze  kick.  letthemdowhattheyvebeentrainingforsincethe60snow queens boro pres marshall tour  fdny mobile training unit  funded.i suspect w/ tan & increased weight & tell elite training  wlfrt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquare
golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...news golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body t...   nytimesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body much...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body muc...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...ny times golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body wo...ows mde proud americanrt:our ultimate americans alter&abolish revolution  articlev  usdorgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body muc...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body much...   nytimesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...
oliver stone direct hbo film based  power broker   1974 book ...   york daily newslo de eeuu ya tiene nombre  vergonzoso   "palestinian bid join unesco imperil u.s. funds"rtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementsports memorabilia dealers charged bogus game jersey scheme  4 ...   york daily newssports memorabilia dealers charged bogus game jersey scheme  4 ...   york daily newsrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementamerican jobs moving abroad money  viaoccupywallstreet  owsrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementbatman arkham city article rating ebenezer samuel hated nothing? ok  maybe – maybe – that...rtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementrtwe looking php coders website...<  it. now.rtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movementnew york times  goal left footed penalty takers m.l.s.rtwe looking php coders website. call help sustain occupy movement
rtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"phase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplephase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplerphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  owsrtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeople

what former students strike stopped paying student loans? banks bailout?  occupywallstreet  owsstudent loans shld free bankster loans were.  toxic student debt blow economy..great post york times  educating people payday loanswe help adults usa school loans  relief comes in.  wrongrtwhite house help college loans isn   ows  occupywallstnycwhite house help college loans isn   ows  occupywallstnycbut underpaid workforce grunt 2 college degrees $100k student loanszp ga start peoples bank wg. loans community start busns wo 2 banksoccupywhy don occupy wal mart? do.  stop complaining  pay loans.instead    move $  create own  99% credit unions  buy student loans  resell @ 3%unpaid  student  loans top $1 trillion   occupywallstreet  debt  crisis  fed  economy  poverty  unemployment   eurtwhat former students strike stopped paying student loans? banks bailout?  occupywallstreet  owsoccupywallstreet (cont) ppl missed actual depression  scary civil rights protests   abt college loans & comfy campingrtoccupywallstreet...redundant. rich college kids parents pay 18 000 tutution & student loans gov .  fail  owsrtin egypt loans = 46% tax revenuesoccupywallstreetstudent loans = form american slavoryobama & student loans    ckchatsaint charles  il mortgage companies home loans real estate loans ... springleaf financial services  re 9...loans 1% enslave people & drive costs. borrow buy college car 1st job  1st enslaved.  ows  usdorpres. obama revealed plan consolidate & forgive student loans today. cbs 2’s jennifer mclogan met cash strapped college studentsoccupywallstreet student loans  mass action 1 million banks notice  davichi
rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.manhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.manhattan update riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy cr ...rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.manhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.manhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.swag rtrtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers wpnrtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.nowthatsgangsta rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weaponlmao rtrtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer ...rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.
rtconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near siteconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near siteare riot cops gearing up? word fromthat mayor allow stay park  occupyoakland  owsrt6 busses  2 9  dozen half bikes/cars/trucks gearing potrero hill  occupysf  owsrtconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near sitertconfirmed contact ground  occupyoakland riot police gearing near site
rthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatinghorrendous true    here? shooting victim thehostagerthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingthink you’re nypd material? play "hostage negotiator   not?"   primesuspectrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingshooting victim nypd hostagerta stray bullet victim nypd held hostage five days b/c didn believe account event.rthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingshooting victim nypd hostaged/emand 1 coup etat triangle. dema/nd 2 ultraviolet whale hostages et al.  allrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingdoes realize protestors occupying wall street proxy?  nypd virtual hostages inside barricadesrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruatingrthorrifying woman shot leg  detained 5 days nypd  basically held hostage urinating/menstruating
giant rat killed pitchfork marcy houses believed ga pouched rat   york daily news  via“sources brooklyn woman killed shooting pregnant  mother 13   sadcommunist society  banned religion  destroyed churches killed priests.  ows  tcot  teaparty  p2  p21  usdor  occupyzuccotti  o15rtstepan demirchyan speaking terrorism 1999   father killed    rally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevanrturgent   sarkozy killed house   takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanks  15m  feliz15orturgent   obama killed demonstrators  antibanks.  takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanks  15m  feliz15odefectors claim attack killed syria soldiers   york times12 americans killed afghanistan attack 12 americans killed taliban suicide bomber ramme...mechanic crane testify boss mechanic charged manhattan crane collapse killed two...rtwoman killed brother hurt bronx highwayi hate fake thugs smhrtsources brooklyn woman killed shooting pregnant  mother 13rtfather killed son unloading gun. self protection destructive arkansas father. acc...baluchistan protest  saravan  iranian forces killed innocent  baluch   balochrturgent   obama killed demonstrators  antibanks.  takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanks  15m  feliz15orturgent   sarkozy killed house   takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanks  15m  feliz15o29 killed 77 beau own canepython florida captured  killed swallowed an entire deer everglades mechanic crane testify boss mechanic charged manhattan crane collapse killed two...construction worker killed in bronx building collapse rtvideo ex libyan leader moammar khadafy captured  killed libya  (warning graphic images)a drone strike north west pakistan killed top commanders   drone = xbox live
rtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebaythe california resale royalties act.  artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay&quot;artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebaynews artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay   nyt  nytimes  newsartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...nyt friction artists file suit resale royalties  ccmtcheck awesome nov 2  generalstrike posters. hella love revolutionary artists  view  emi heartedly agree w/ you. balonga ve prison time. saying th  nypd couldn suspend himwhich ve expect  nypd horrendous act  couldn suspend baloney.free national lawyers guild   free occupy support help & legal phone    nlg.org/occupy/  occupyportlandartists sue sotheby’s  christie’s ebay royalties. sorry  fellow artists  law bullshit.artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...rtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtthe protect rights american citizens "mayor kings"one day dont dayrtif assembly charge $budget$  logistics & decisions 99% charge.  ows  occupy
ok  nypd isnt picking :( theyve nice   pause  pizzas it... whats option?fuck nypd thats word eat dick  ¡rttobecleararresteesrreporting2us answeringtheirjailphonecalls  thatsomehavebeenbeatenbyguards. tywhats wrong whore living room? kitchen? bathroom? backseat jeep? smhrtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.rtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.rt.how know.rted? stalking/trolling tl/followers thats howrtntc usa occupywallstnyc winter   emergency blankets dry socks  gloves  & hats  payles...   occupy  usantcrtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.thats toortth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.thats eastern block countries.  blackflags  a99rtawesome  rtrtif  ows march stretches bleecker canal  thats 1/2 mile longrti 50 emergency blankets coming hats/scarves scrounge up. didn snotober herertsee  rtwhen nypd overtime cited  ows thats on..so cops peaceful protests?was thinking knitting scarves hats cold. idea?  owsrtwe re happy accept donations socks  mittens  gloves  hats  scarves  & coats (not clothes)  needsoftheoccupiers  halifax  occupynsrtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.thats process thru putting tweet &that suspect happening. seiu press release todayalmost bad libs burning effigy bush murder movie bush.whats world coming 2?nypd emotionally handle job  sowhatsueme
rtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsno  occupation behaving b/c special relationshiprtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  owsrthow video police behaving badly occupy wall street global phenomenonrtdo provoked behaving badly. movement ethical system challenging.  occupywallst  ows
hey austin  rtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers bread  sandwich fixings  chips. snacks   fruit  veggies drop 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers food water 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe accept food water 24/7  needsoftheoccupiers 5011 cesar chavezrtunion march begins afl cio tx hq 1106 lavaca 12pm.  needsoftheoccupiers water  fruit  snack bars  gatorades 5011 e. cesar chavezrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtaccepts food/bev donations 24/7  needsoftheoccupiers. drop 5011 e. cesar chavez email basecampaustin.comrtunion march begins afl cio tx hq 1106 lavaca 12pm.  needsoftheoccupiers water  fruit  snack bars  gatorades 5011 e. cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers water  hydrating fluids  lunch meats  cheeses  lettuce  tomatoes etc  chips snacks fruits veggies 5011 e. cesar chavezimaginertwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtdrop food water 5011 e. cesar chavez   needsoftheoccupiers water  juices  fruits  sandwich fixings  nonperishables  snacks chipsrtnooner list occupy austin needs...  needsoftheoccupiers  noto 5011 e. cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers food water 5011 e. cesar chavez  occupyaustin  ows  occupytogether  99percent  ows  solidarityrtwe low tonite food water  needsoftheoccupiers drop 5011 cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers bread  sandwich fixings  chips. snacks   fruit  veggies drop 5011 e. cesar chavezrtneedsoftheoccupiers water  hydrating fluids  lunch meats  cheeses  lettuce  tomatoes etc  chips snacks fruits veggies 5011 e. cesar chavezroclan gonzález chavez ‘kings salsa’   reviewaustin peeps    >rtneedsoftheoccupiers food water 5011 e. cesar chavez  occupyaustin  ows
important essay byecology bubble bursts bit.ly/pxnac6   sustain global ecology left  occupywallstreet  owsessay  day america died bit.ly/911_america_dieon post 911 perma war  fascism & ecocide  occupywallstreetrtyou ve heard amnesty provision nba labor talks.  nytimes reporting "stretch exception."lupica nba plays  dealrtreport nba cancel ‘at least’ weeks seasonrtmy legs available anytime   heynowrtryan incl. own emails fbi & nypd  ows email archive; cc:ing  anonymous  hbgaryrtdarkknightrises film  occupywallstreet protesters     batman  christophernolan  christianbalertoccupywallstreet turnedinto global  earthrevolution protect workers  jobs  ecology  freedom  duties & fairness human familyrtoccupywallstreet global  earthrevolution protect workers  jobs  ecology  freedom  duties & fairness human familyrtessay  day america died bit.ly/911_america_dieon post 911 perma war  fascism & ecocide  occupywallstreetrtheading  occupywallstreet committees morning meeting. chinese disident democracy leader sheng tong attends.  cnn  owsnba (no basketball association)nba breaks labor negotiations nba labor talks broke thursday night third straight day neg...thats toony knicks  carmelo anthony nba season played  amar ...   york daily newsrt “nba talks spark hope season salvaged"reports nba owners  players resume talks; cancellations ‘on hold’  muted golf claprtrtnba lockout talks spark hope entire 82 game season salvaged   fbnba breaks labor negotiationsrtyou ve heard amnesty provision nba labor talks.  nytimes reporting "stretch exception."
rtrtcouple files trademark application ‘occupy wall street’ slogan  laughing & cryingrtdear nypd  following  sloganrtdear nypd  following  slogandear nypd  following  slogan2/2. nazi officers excused war crimes. dear nypd ‘just following orders’ sloganrtdear nypd  following  sloganrtdear nypd ‘just following orders’ slogan (  ows  ocpdear nypd  following  slogan [nypd]rtows rtdear nypd  following  slogannypd dear nypd  following  slogan...rt2/2. nazi officers excused war crimes. dear nypd ‘just following orders’ slogan"fuck police" slogan  owskriswashere dear nypd  following  slogan dear nypd ‘just…hahahahaha rtrtmaybe cain change slogan 69 69 69.rt2/2. nazi officers excused war crimes. dear nypd ‘just following orders’ slogandear dumbshit  nypd  following  slogannypd dear nypd  following  sloganrtnypd dear nypd  following  sloganrtdear nypd  following  sloganrtrtl.i. couple files trademark application ‘occupy wall street’ sloganrton 99 percent slogan
rtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtvideo outside bronx courthouse nypd cheer clap colleagues  postrtvideo outside bronx courthouse nypd cheer clap colleagues  postdeveloping... 16 nypd officers facing indictment ticket fixing scandal. bronx courthouse buzz overnight action. re livertha  rtrtwe circle courthouse police (cont)rtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsnypd allowed assemble inside courthouse shove media. nice. nypd officers angered probe   owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owswe circle courthouse police comicqlly follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtha  rtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtwe circle courthouse police comicqlly follow orange net.  owsrtrtweekly demonstrations    saturdays @ 11am federal courthouse.  join    occupyftl   occupywallstnycrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsrtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  owsbahahaha  rtrtwe circle courthouse police comically follow orange net.  ows
youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped        yorkrtjust added blog post dj rob rob youngin chased front nypd snitching &youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped    bakerygangyoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   *exclusivevideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  yorkrtvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stompedjust added blog post dj rob rob youngin chased front nypd snitching &video youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viajus dont vid youngin chased front nypd afta snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viacheck out>> youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  yorkvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  yorkvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   via


ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...ronnie ortiz magro sammi giancola split  jersey shore  stars ... love story ronnie ortiz magro...
glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories  read viaglory faded neck roll; memoriesglory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...glory faded neck roll; memories glory days — football historians ran from...
occupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyarmy  protester  occupydenver  hyperlocal  nypdoccupy manifesto  raging humanism  p2 protester  occupytogether  ourwallstreet  occupyportland  occupyprescottoccupy manifesto  raging humanism  occupyeverywhere  occupyamerica  occupyrichmond  occupyoakland  occupyseattle  usdoroccupy manifesto  raging humanism  generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly   anonymous  ireportoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly  ireportoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  p2  protester  occupytogether  ourwallstreet  occupyportlandoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  journalism  news  opinion  progressive  sep17  takewallstreetoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism ows  occupywallst  weareone   nypd  occupysf   globalrevolutionoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyarmy  protester  occupydenver  hyperlocal  nypdoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyoccupy manifesto  raging humanism  generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly   anonymous  ireportrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyarmy  protester  occupydenver  hyperlocal  nypdrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassemblyrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism ows  occupywallst  weareone   nypd  occupysf   globalrevolutionrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly  ireportrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  journalism  news  opinion  progressive  sep17? takewallstreetrtoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism? generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly  ireportoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  generalstrike  takewallstreet  takesquarewi  generalassembly  ireportoccupy manifesto  fearless humanism  occupyseattle  usdor  wearethe99percent  generalassembly
golf adjusts penalties  centuries   newyorktimesyou cultivating evil penalties bad you. don this.golf adjusts penalties  centuriesnews golf adjusts penalties  centuriesgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...rtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...hamilton  perez handed grid penalties lewis hamilton fell foul formula stewards friday wh...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...news golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body t...   nytimesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesrtgolf adjusts penalties  centuriesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body world  t...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body much...golf adjusts penalties  centuries r&a  golf’s ruling body muc...
ows guess cops cant complain wearing masks halloween.  nypd  sfpd  opd pds  halloween  headachertrtopd trying kettle 14th broadway. people. st...rtrtrtreport opd calling backup  staging parking garage near  occupyoakland  owsrtrtbreaking federal judge calls  opd  occupyoakland violence  |  owscome hang outoccupywallst    shit  realinthefield  changetheworldrtchildren disabled people  peaceful ppl  violence opd.just.following. orders.rtbreaking federal judge calls  opd  occupyoakland violence  |  owsrtrtalmost positive illegal  opd rtpolice post info onarrestees   owsrtchildren disabled people  peaceful ppl  violence opd.just.following. orders.rtrtalmost positive illegal  opd rtpolice post info onarrestees   owswhy report lie?? opd sonic cannon.rtnot "tough cops"  nypd  opd etc endure people did...the difference moral compasschildren disabled people  peaceful ppl  violence opd.just.following. orders."not "tough cops"  nypd  opd etc endure people did...the difference moral compass”watch  opd kill peaceful vet   dem  gop lie & 4  ows inventory flash bangsows  opd  occupywallst (cont)rtchildren disabled people  peaceful ppl  violence opd.just.following. orders.rtif leave 4 mins  deploy chemical agents. subject serious injury. opd  occupyoakland  owsrtbreaking  occupyoakland protesters marching city hall  oakland pd fire tear gas protesters.  ows  opdrtrtopd trying kettle 14th & broadway.  occupyoakland  ows  p21rtbreaking white somke rising 14th broadway  near frank ogawa plaza.  opd  ows  occupyoakland
rtny police   occupywallstreet  join movement  historic reform.  ows  99percent  occupyearth2012rtabout time nypd reality check  speech 9/11 responder historic moment  owsrtabout time nypd reality check  speech 9/11 responder historic moment  owson tapeinside city hall withto talk historic game changing pension announcement.this. rtoccupyoakland votes gen strike. historic. gen strike america oakland  1946   owsrtrtrttonite historic.. people chanting  tahrir square   occupyoakland  owsthis. rtoccupyoakland votes gen strike. historic. gen strike america oakland  1946   owsrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtthis. rtoccupyoakland votes gen strike. historic. gen strike america oakland  1946   owsrtwow  historic day for$20m gift line diller/von furstenberg family foundation   generosityrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationrtabout time nypd reality check  speech 9/11 responder historic moment  owsrtgo phillanthropy  rthistoric day for$20m gift diller/von furstenberg family fndtnon tapeinside city hall withto talk historic game changing pension announcement.rtthis. rtoccupyoakland votes gen strike. historic. gen strike america oakland  1946   owsbowery lands spot historic registryrtexplore york historical society collections age exploration dutch york     art  historyqueens memory project launches website tomorrow   help tagging historic pixrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundation
rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtneedsoftheoccupiers storage boxes  police  store doesnt againrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtneedsoftheoccupiers storage boxes  police  store doesnt againrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrttwulocal 100 :) rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtneedsoftheoccupiers storage boxes  police  store doesnt againrtrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersneedsoftheoccupiers storage boxes  police  store doesnt againthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiersrttwulocal 100 :) rtthat star shaped key ad boxes subway... (evil laugh)   needsoftheoccupiers
hi 2  gr weekend???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????$399?iphone4s???????$600??apple’s lower prices …i blown caliber journalism ny times  total headline fail.can any1 confirm supposedmarch halloween accompanied guy fawkes masks face?  ows  occupywallstrtthat job  mtwhy hell nypd wasting resources following twitter accounts & spewing information random peopleautofollowusa todayfewer iphone activations hamper growth at&tnew york timesmark l...   teamfollowbackrtnypd union square told fellow officers "head zuccotti park."  owsran  halloween candy. switching *small* cups  steelreserve.  p2  tlot  topprog  iamthe53  ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrt "it pumkin  occupymn" join  halloween   ows  occupywallstreettakewallstreet  mnthis  occupywallstreet fail unemployable allowed doing media interviews instead unemployedrtfollowfor live video photos  owsunconstitutionally arresting people trying defend constitution. ironic time low american politicsrtrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityrtdear nypd  following  sloganpete seeger.we follow example giving intimidation ...     occupywallstnyc livenew research claim drinking coffee lowers skin cancer risk ...ows guess cops cant complain wearing masks halloween.  nypd  sfpd  opd pds  halloween  headacherandom  nypd cops media covering arraignments fellow officersnypd cops media covering arraignments fellow officers   photographyrtat  ows  nypd officers warily eyeing guy fawkes mask police uniform.  happyhalloweenrt?*¨*•  follow •*¨*?*¨*•  ff •*¨*?happy  birthday  day bring smile  =^._.^=   wlf
steve jobs biography walter isaacson reveals obsession veganism ... priyanka padode ap newly...steve jobs biography reveals obsession veganismbusted? thermal imaging reveals occupy london tents empty night  viausdor  occupyzuccotti  ows  p2steve jobs biography reveals obsession veganism steve jobs  biography revels former apple ceo quirky...steve jobs biography walter isaacson reveals obsession veganism ... priyanka padode ap newly...steve jobs biography walter isaacson reveals obsession veganism ...steve jobs biography walter isaacson reveals obsession veganism ...   york daily newssteve jobs biography walter isaacson reveals obsession veganism ... priyanka padode ap newly...rtryan gosling reveals takes ballet lessons  girlsexohomual>>>> ryan gosling reveals takes ballet lessonssteve jobs biography walter isaacson reveals obsession veganism ...   york daily newsecho study reveals consumers continue taking sustainability account shopping.sexy  rtryan gosling reveals takes ballet lessons  girltony romo reveals dadsteve jobs biography walter isaacson reveals obsession veganism ...   york daily newsunscrupulous firm "foreclosure mill" reveals families foreclose  //t.co/iimmhrdja google search reveals using alias "greenfire" occupy wall street web site.  you...soda ads aim at minority kids report  study reveals truths soft drink manufacturers’ marketing tacti...nba soda ads aim at minority kids report  study reveals truths soft drink manufacturers’ mark...   netsbernie sanders reveals oil speculators read    gas prices.   ows  occupywallstreetsteve jobs biography walter isaacson reveals obsession veganism ...   york daily news
every participant leader  occupywallstreet  occupymiami   occupytampa  occupyorlando  occupyjacksonville22 arrested tonight standing park  occupyorlando including army (cont)   ows  worldcantwait  usdorveterans & disabled wheelchair bound arrested  occupyorlando   owsrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    occupydc  occupywallstreet  owsorlando jones fire tweets urging liberals  kill sarah palinrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    occupydc  occupywallstreet  owsthe people video.   owsoccupy orlando slowly building up. wish outcomes :)rtoccupyorlando  police clash downtown park   florida  ows  usdorrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    occupydc  occupywallstreet  ows“happy halloween anonymous nypd.    occupyorlandortorlando jones fire tweets urging liberals  kill sarah palinrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor   ...party tolerance... rtorlando jones fire tweets urging liberals  kill sarah palinoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    occupydc  occupywallstreet  owsoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdoroccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    owsrtoccupyorlando protesters arrested   occupywallstreet  ows  occupytampa  occupymiami  occupyatlanta  occupyclt  occupydcrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    occupydc  occupywallstreet  owsrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor    occupydc  occupywallstreet  owsrtrtoccupy orlando   live stream    police arresting people    occupyorlando  usdor   ...

the method investing stock market focus valuation ...good move pres  time focus backyard  nytimes u.s. troops leave iraq year’s  obamagood move pres  focus backyard  nytimes u.s. troops leave iraq year’s  obamafocus nypd officers angered corruption probe   ows  p2  nypdrt viaan  shared space distributed research focused occupywallstreetbusinessweekfate qaddafi focus arab spring  hard road york timestunis — flight tu...focus nypd officers angered corruption probeoccupywallstreet focus real root obvious hand here... goddamn monopoly guy.   donotpassgofate qaddafi focus arab spring  hard road    york times"police search east harlem woman killer  beat?rtan intense moment truth mainstream media   youtube   ows  october2011  usdor  oct22  p2  tlot  tcot  focus  p21yes. plus nationwide raids happening nights  coordinated crisis 2 ows scrambling & unfocusedrtows peeps don distracted police brutality  remember lose focus original messagep2instead focusing trivial matters focus housing low income  homelessness oh wait doesnt votesthe method investing stock market focus valuation ... investing stock marke...lytro camera shoots  focuses   photographyi funny people focused teaparty 4 weeks  giant donors.focus nypd officers angered corruption proberthow  ows focus  illuminati instead "1%" plenty rich folks problem.rtows peeps don distracted police brutality  remember lose focus original messagep2rtbenchmarks focusing equal treatment law rich poor. easy outs rich famous.  ows
afl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs via    ...rt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarertafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs  tcot  lur  unions  1ufox news nypd officers charged allegedly helping friends ticketsare illegal aliens doing jobs nationwide  occupywallstreet protesters doing?  immigration  tlot  tcot  goprtrevolutions don start people stay legal physical confines set authorities.  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupytogetherrt"know legal rights" training w/ national lawyers guild  6 7pm  legal table  libertysquarertnew york reverend arrested illegality collecting nearly $250 000 pension checks    no4m  bible  tcot  noh8  hrcrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"   owsrtafl cio boss discusses  occupywallst  alleged communist ties  obama & jobs  tcot  lur  unions  1urtrevolutions don start people stay legal physical confines set authorities.  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupytogetherrtows  occupy  peace  legalizeit  99percent  winning  namaste  stopandfrisk  nypd  warbad   globalrevolution  nokxl  nov5  moveyourmoneyslavery legal fiction person property; corporate personhood legal fiction property person   ows  usdorunder mayor bloomberg control  nyc test tampering allegations risen 7% 2009 2010 year.rtthe illegal elections held president levon  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan  rally  armeniartreuters talkedrtmy legs available anytime   heynow"nypd mum cops allegedly hurt  ows:"  police union official claims 20 officers injured won detailsrtvolunteer attorneys steer occupy protesters legal system   ows  occupywallstreetrtdespite 400+ apps leg 49  50  denied constitutional article conv    usdorrthollywood legend omar sharif slaps female fan posing cameras film festival
american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...rtcat  lost lives   kitty lost american airlines months critical conditionrtft. worth based  americanairlines picked "most hated" airline social media study tracking firmsocial media analytics american  airlines hated airline.  canada wonder : ).social media analytics american  airlines hated airline.  canada wonder : ).social media analytics american  airlines hated airline.  canada wonder : ).american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...   york daily newsamerican airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...   york daily newsamerican airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...twitter... american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...interesting rtamerican airlines voted  hated airline social media  due twitter ..american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ... social media research firm revea...american airlines voted  hated airline social media  due ...don happen firm. monitor reputation     american airlines voted hated.

rti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysi using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysit ok admissns essays little (college  mba)   “if limit  stakes up.”rti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essaysrti using 140 characters tell read amusing 500 wordarticle 500 word  college essays
rtbrooklyn mother 12 mourned  hailed hero police commish  ray kelly 250 zurana horton’s emotional f...agc nypd utilizing  ows indigent relief ef...woman mauled chimp transplant connecticut woman mauled chimpanzee f...giants cupcake dolphins test giants bye weekend f...the development puzzling oct. 4 disappearance little girl light police af...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...rtrtplease careful. please  sidewalks  railings  lot of...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...rtrt mi5 references surface britain phone hacking suit. documents  accuse mr. mulcaire & news world of....nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...brooklyn mother 12 mourned  hailed hero police commish  ray kelly 250 zurana horton’s emotional f...rt15oct nypd officers peaceful protester concussion occupy wall street   nypd of...   occupywallstreetnyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...conrad murray trial michael jackson ingested propofol stopped ... ap conrad murray accused of...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...rtwhy police attacking peaceful protesters? ows exposed militarization law enf...nypd corruption indictments unsealed \n    (ap)\n ap   indictment charging 16 york city police off...nyc food trucks schnitzel & siobhan wallace york (cbsnewyork) – oleg voss  owner f...olbermann interviews marine veteran shamed police  sgt shamar thomas
rtcheck mom movement inspire kidswait till ya ll story pic. video too. illest moment   ratchet nypd fallmcdonald bans mom clean play crusadesrtstill favorite  nypd  owsvideo momentmy mom sent article aboutbecause loves boricuas rep  plus paterson.rtrtteamoccupyyourmom happyhalloweenrtabout time nypd reality check  speech 9/11 responder historic moment  owsmommy won watch cause bad dreams snuggle  isn it? xxooawkward moment isn it?   bahrain  usa  ows  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyportlandcheck mom movement inspire kidsone mom movement inspire kids:...in missed yesterday mom movement inspire kidsmcdonald bans mom clean play crusade arizona mother received hand delivered letter...rtdustin help.  occupysd lost momentum & support...  helprtmoments scott olsen hit head oakland thugs   occupyoakland  occupywallstreet  owsrt‘jon kate plus 8’ editor 25 nabbed north carolina kiddie porn sting    ny daily newsrtows sign "my momma ain welfare bank is"  post pics site tweet towith  uphoto.pregnant mom dies shielding kids gunman. terrible story. 13 kids? 33 old?rtsean brennan fromon momo jones   icmbb  maachoopsrtmoments scott olsen hit head oakland thugs   occupyoakland  occupywallstreet  owsrtan intense moment truth mainstream media   youtube   ows  october2011  usdor  oct22  p2  tlot  tcot  focus  p21
rtrt thinkshould announce proposals  peoplesmic closed doors ht ...rttoo rain   peoplesmic electricity free...  ows“maybe u.s. invade oakland    unlike iraq    actually chemical weapons”  occupywallstreetrtconnect dots ’02   nypd training  israel ; 9  spying nyc muslims exposedwith smartphones hopes nokia microsoft unionrtmichael moore cnbc  job  cover 99%   ows  ourwallstreetrtthis true?? rtaccording  occupydenver stream  abc news reports protesters beaten jail.rtmichael moore cnbc  job  cover 99%   ows  ourwallstreetrt. panoramic photo 3 march brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreetrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtif missed  gem – decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreetmichael lohan denied bail angry judge famous dad  jail tv appearancerti moving  move? idk expect   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  99percentoccupyoakland  michael moore visits  occupyoakland 2   ows  occupyamerica  occupytogether  usdor  net4changertows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtnypd rtthe cop cross line hold sign world famous overnight"rtnow denver pd firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtmayor michael bloomberg occupy wall street protesters city require permits | now??rtoccupywallstreet conspiring commit economic terrorism. investigations? arrests?  /viartows occupiers chemical hand & foot warmers protect extremities  nypd confiscates hands & feet too.rtbagratyan speaking economic topics  rally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan

ows presidential candidate pick 2012?  occupy  occupywallst  occupyoakland  occupycleveland  occupybostonrtunconfirmed reports thug pd using dogs  occupycleveland time.  ows  usdor  criminalcopsoccupy world asap illsionrtoccupycleveland police attack call third police district 2166235300 mayors office 2166643990rtre post occupy cleveland   live stream   ows  occupyclevelandrtre post occupy cleveland   live stream   ows  occupyclevelandrtoccupy cleveland   live stream   ows  occupyclevelandrtallegedly paul fetch (carnes  whatever) tried running scams  occupycleveland.  occupybostonrtthe system desperately trying people separated divided.  occupywallstreet  occupycleveland  occupychi  occupydenver  occupysfrti proud american re told re freeows  anonymous  nypd  ohiortdonations seasoned hardwood welcomedyoungstownrtstay strong  ows don various dilute protest   occupyboston  occupycleveland  occupynola  occupyla  occupysf  usdorvidproof scottolsenwaspeacefulwhenshotby teargascanister  ows tyrtrtriot police arriving  occupycleveland dogs tow.  ows  usdor  occupyohio  occupytoledo  occupycincy  occupycolumbusrt  ows  ows  ows  usa  occupy  solidarity  sep17  occupywallst  oo  cleveland  occupycleveland ows +1 occupy clevelandrtows presidential candidate pick 2012?  occupy  occupywallst  occupyoakland  occupycleveland  occupybostonrtday us?rthow 1% died iraq & afghanistan   seriously     p2  occupywallstreet  occupyboston  occupycleveland   ows  sharedsacrificertstay strong  ows don various dilute protest   occupyboston  occupycleveland  occupynola  occupyla  occupysf  usdortweet  occupycleveland  owsrtwhen leaders act contrary conscience  act contrary leaders.  ows  occupycleveland  occupywallstreet
rtbreaking 12 nypd vans total seen mins.  6 arrests confirmed. canal st block away..  ows  occupyoaklandrtawesome  rtrtif  ows march stretches bleecker canal  thats 1/2 mile longrtrtcops racing canal  ignoring uslet liberty careful.  owsrtrtcops racing canal  ignoring uslet liberty careful. ccrtrtcops racing canal  ignoring uslet liberty careful. ccowsrtoccupywallst occupy wall street  watch broadway canal. lot cops  owsrtrtcops racing canal  ignoring uslet liberty careful. ccows march crossing broadway canal strtrtif  ows march stretches bleecker canal  thats 1/2 mile long.i tons 7th ave south 10 minutes ago rtwatch broadway canal. lot cops  owsrtawesome  rtrtif  ows march stretches bleecker canal  thats 1/2 mile longnypd scanner  sending units available union square south canal. carefulrtrtcops racing canal  ignoring uslet liberty careful. ccowsrtawesome  rtrtif  ows march stretches bleecker canal  thats 1/2 mile long"manhattan broadway & canal st nypd reporting protesters marching zuccotti park city hall multiple protesters arrested.rtawesome  rtrtif  ows march stretches bleecker canal  thats 1/2 mile long“watch broadway canal. lot cops  ows”rtawesome  rtrtif  ows march stretches bleecker canal  thats 1/2 mile longrtawesome  rtrtif  ows march stretches bleecker canal  thats 1/2 mile longservadv uptown  via express b/t canal st & 42nd st  uptown  via express 59th st due nypd investigation 42nd stservadvupdate uptown   resume normal service delays b/t canal st & 42nd st; nypd investigation cleared

top story architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"the architect  occupywallstreet praises power “magical hashtags”the architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"  viathe architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"the architect  occupywallstreet praises power “magical hashtags”top story architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"rtdon agree protest   ilovehashtags rtarchitect  occupywallstreet praises power hashtagsthe architect  occupywallstreet praises power “magical hashtags” »the architect  occupywallstreet praises power “magical hashtags”last chance? greek premier  papandereou  praises european debt dealthe architect  occupywallstreet praises power “magical hashtags”top story architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"rtthe architect  occupywallstreet praises power “magical hashtags”the architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"  viathe architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"  viamajorengagerthe architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"rtthe architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"the architect  occupywallstreet praises power ?magical hashtags? (mashable   968 retweets)“rtthe architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"   pointlessrttop story architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"rtthe architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"
rturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtsos  occupywallst assistance  provide materials shelter  call autumn 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtmtsos  occupywallst assistance. provide materials shelter  call autumn 585 730 0050  needsoftheoccupiersrtsos  occupywallst assistance  provide materials shelter  call autumn 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupierssos  occupywallst assistance  provide materials shelter  call autumn 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiers  p2
rtnews nypd daily blotter manhattan  * cops sicko (right) groped woman union square subw...skelos baldwin taxes  via twitter adversary actor alec baldw...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...skelos baldwin taxes  via twitter adversary actor alec baldw...rtyeah hold now...on ustream crash gates joke.  don dumb   nypd sweating me.rtnytimes officials break drug ring linked mexican cartel scores people charged w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...new york east harlem    signs apply rentersnew york timesfollowfor new...  apartmentssuch eloquent statement op ed rtmy how... standardized test saved mei don know... tweet from. knowcheck video    "i breathe "   police shoving 10:30am liberty plaza  occupyw...  shame nypdsat. 10/22   death notices bartender pj clarkes manhattan 39 years. survivors include w...you graduate  hard meet  cost living bad job market." nazim jazmin  w...snowtober  pre halloween snow shocks east coast 500 000 people left power rare w...breslin cost pricy barbershop trim fashioned fun looked awful w...pharmacy recipes health beet greens bruschetta poached egg fontina — recipes health toasted w...rtyeah hold now...on ustream crash gates joke.  don dumb   nypd sweating me.occupywallstreet   ows »  wallst protest  ows matters  changing now... ¦occupywallstreet   ows »  wallst protest  ows matters  changing now... ?occupywallstreet   ows »  occupywallst.  ows matters  changing now... §occupywallstreet   ows »  occupywallst.  ows matters  changing now... ¢
moammar khadafy death proves obama strategy libya stronger mocking gop claimedrtdeposed libyan leader moammar khadafy dead reportmay bloody moammar khadafy beginning libyan democracyrtvideo ex libyan leader moammar khadafy captured  killed libya  (warning graphic images)rtabc news reports libyan leader moammar gadhafi deadmoammar khadafy dead libya witnesses cell phones play key role ... aliyah shahid libyans ce...video ex libyan leader moammar khadafy captured  killed libya  (warning graphic images)end game moammar khadafy  | york daily news   libyamohammed al bibi  libya rebel found moammar khadafy ...happiness  howto ex libyan leader moammar khadafy captured  killed libya  prime minister confirms   yor..rtmoammar khadafy death proves obama strategy libya stronger mocking gop claimedmoammar khadafy dead libyan leaders cheer news  hillary clinton  obama  world…   libya  feb17libya moammar khaddafy dead  rebuilding and…   libya  feb17moammar khadafy death trouble human rights   libya  it…   libya  feb17moammar khadafy dead libyans york celebrate news ex dictator killedmohammed al bibi  libya rebel found moammar khadafy ... hockey existent sport desert ...nation islam louis farrakhan defends moammar khadafy  blasts president obama libyareport moammar khadafy dead livertmoammar khadafy death trouble human rights   libya  n..moammar khadafy dead libya witnesses cell phones play key role ...ex libyan leader moammar khadafy captured  killed libya
ran  halloween candy. switching *small* cups  steelreserve.  p2  tlot  topprog  iamthe53  ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtnyc doesn allow marchers street parade permit. nypd sidewalks streets.rtpresident candymanrtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortin spirit  occupywallst left basket outside front door "leave candy" sign.mtif yo receiven candy halloweeño yo sendo ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickowhat?  mayor you?  nyc  bloomberg runs candy  halloween.  occupygraciemansion  owsif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickort up. confrontation contingent opd  occupyoakland  ows  occupywallstrtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickort“servadv downtown  2  5 via express b/t gun hill rd & 180th st due switch trouble”give  rtwhat extra candy halloween... vanessa murdock tells cbs 2 news 5:00.rtpresident candymanrtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que tricko
“the nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.  / opposite day.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.the nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly. /   nypd sued over...rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.making signs  washingtonsquare events. apparently nyu quidditch team. yes  read correctly.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtrt toviathe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtrt toviathe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.the nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly. /   nypd sued over...rtthe nypd threatening sue  ows protesters. yes  read correctly.
rtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall streetrtows spokesman accuses police "protecting terrorists here" financial sectorrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsdelaware suit accuses merscorp deception mortgage registry delaware’s attorney merscorp’s mo...rtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street    occupywallstreet  viartrtformer ny sun editor accuses  nypd sending addicts  occupywallstreet   ows  occupyusa  occupy>>> delaware suit accuses merscorp deception mortgage registry delaware’s attorney m...  ... jmwrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street bit.ly/v8pfpw  owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrticymi 2 former ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtrtformer ny sun editor accuses  nypd sending addicts  occupywallstreet   ows  occupyusa  occupyrtrtformer ny sun editor accuses  nypd sending addicts  occupywallstreet   ows  occupyusa  occupyrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   owsrtformer ny sun editor accuses nypd sending addicts occupy wall street   ows


dis shit cray .. rtparents claim brooklyn hospital staff baby lethal dose zithromaxrtparents occupy wall street announced. 200 parents kids coming zuccotti slee ...family sleepover  occupywallstreet fri  oct 21   owsrtthere  snow soros contract"snowstorm forces occupiers parents basements.  occupywallst  ows"rtrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communityhello fdny. happy birthday lady liberty. grandparents approaching ellis island.   : )rtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  rtrtcan help convince parents occupyrtparents  occupywallstreet announced. 200 parents kids coming zuccotti sleep kids  viaparents aim punk barbie permanent tattoos definitely mother barbie. collector model...rtnew york city’s dept education create parent academy & measure schools interact students’ parentsrtamazing vibes tonight. huge  generalassembly   occupykids sitting parents laps. communitybarbie dons  punk  look mattel defends doll parents aim ...rtrtparents occupy wall street announced. 200 parents kids coming zuccotti sleep kids.rtnice video nyc teachers  parents  students @  occupythedoe    check   edreform  occupywallstreet  p2rtrtglad&connected. sorry didn 2 speak (yet)  diane   owsrtyet brooklyn pub schl facing charter expansion; parents city favors charters & playing teacher petwhat happened role parents?? parents push child rearing schools?? education begins home.scn chief eva moskowitz shouted angry parents  parents aim punk barbie permanent tattoos
never this. rtcultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiesemoticons move business world   cultural studieslol “cultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studies“cultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiesemoticons migrate business world  smooth transition.how feel emoticons? opinions rtcultural studies emoticons move business world..."emoticons move business world"emoticons business world   shakespeare? rest silence :(maria mcerlane hero. emoticons lazy writing.  (via)rtcultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiesrtcultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiessmileys  winks lol’s   emoticons move business world   cultural studiesnyt smiley emoticons lols business world. "if re happy  too?"rtcultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiesemoticons professional messages   yay nay? nytimes you’re happy   too?rtcultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiesrtnyt "deeply offended" emoticons? ?weighscultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studiesnyt emoticons move business world   cultural studiesnew (& important) world changing rtcultural studies emoticons move business worldviacultural studies emoticons move business world   cultural studies
rt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows""we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows"rt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  owsrt"we 99%" dancing grand central   getting 4train return  libertysquare  ows
rtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtall eyes east bay rtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsthe california resale royalties act.  artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay&quot;artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebaynews artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay   nyt  nytimes  newsartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...rtrtmany  occupyoakland people leaving en masse  occupysf  owsartists sue sotheby’s  christie’s ebay royalties. sorry  fellow artists  law bullshit.artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...rtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits brought chuck c...news artists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay class action lawsuits bro...   nytimeschuck close class action lawsuit brought sotheby’s  christie’s & ebayclassic nintendo nes console nabs $13g ebay rare  stadium events  video game   york daily newscool  rtall eyes east bay rtwants send $20k 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebay
the york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .
rturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupierscan sleep cold  wet  windy night park.ows  occupywallstreet  occupyrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtup rant andrea? < trolling. wet dreams again?  ukuncut  edl  occupylsxwool  holds heat wet.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupyadvicerturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupierswe  scottolsen    love youows  solidarityrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupierswetlands spring bronx green space formerly overgrown lot hunts transformed i...rturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersok bed. head 8 mourn.  solidarity  occupy  occupywallst  love country support people  wethepeoplerturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersmtwaterwash abc    bronx wetland combating  stormwater providing grassland public picnics.rtoccupydenver  help attention  freezing  wet weather. allowed 2 erect tents(or igloos) occupying.  ows  needsoftheoccupiersnew occupy  nyc pics  10 26 11   ows  occupywallstreetshareand water wet  rtperhaps surprising nyc america super wealthy.rturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  pls trying warm spaces willing house wet & cold occupiers. please call 585 730 0050  ows  needsoftheoccupierstwitter inspired personally  accounts likeandmmchatwhy payless? don waterproof & lasting boots? disposable items. sick people throwing wet gear
rthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owshere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owshere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   owsrthere breakdown donations from. (spoiler 1% ers...)   ows
nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence york    union representing 5 000 york ...nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  viadtn indonesia nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence york    union representing ...chaz bono blasts  disrespectful   dancing stars  judges ...mother cyclist killed williamsburg truck driver blasts nypdnypd sergeants union  blasts protesters oakland violence     bizarro worldrtows nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence (the huffington post) yo...   usrevolutionnypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  viamother cyclist killed williamsburg truck driver blasts nypd gothamistrtunf*ckingbelievable  >>  nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  vianypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violencenation islam louis farrakhan defends moammar khadafy  blasts president obama libyanypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  viareally? too.unf*ckingbelievable  >>  nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  viartunf*ckingbelievable  >>  nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  viamayor bloomberg blasts nyc horse carriage industry york (cbsnewyork) — lucky have...mayor bloomberg blasts nyc horse carriage industry york (cbsnewyork) — lucky have...ows nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence (the huffington post) ... a...   occupyviolenceows nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence (the huffington post) yo...   usrevolutionnypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence york    union representing…nypd sergeants union blasts protesters oakland violence  (via)
rtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver pd firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtconey island woman shot  crawls tree  dies gunman pumped bullets thursday upper bod...busted? "oakland police deny rubber bullets. nice try.   ows  occupywallst"rtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtmtoakland cops pledged stop using rubber bullets  etc  04   ows  usdorrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtrtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rtif/when nypd rubber bullets  ows   &should tweetup w/beer coolers & lawn chairs.rtnow denver police firing  occupydenver chemical weapons rubber bullets  occupywallst  unknown    occupyarrests  ows please rt
closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention   charleston  sc ... wciv tv news  weather  traffic  radar an...rtokay 1%...be honest.  "blizzard machine"?  stopped... occupywallstreetowscloser joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...on radar massachusetts leads efficiency rankings   eco  green  environment  ffcloser joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...right. weather modification/weather warfare experiment. think....on radar gaping hole arctic ozone...rtokay 1%...be honest.  "blizzard machine"?  stopped... occupywallstreetowsrtokay 1%...be honest.  "blizzard machine"?  stopped... occupywallstreetowscloser joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...rtokay 1%...be honest.  "blizzard machine"?  stopped... occupywallstreetowscloser joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...closer joe nathan playing ny mets “the mets team radar  w...
rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtpeople 99% raise public awareness 99% movement  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% raise public awareness objectives    globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% march streets   raise public awareness  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    occupytogether  99percentrtpeople 99% march streets   raise public awareness  globalrevolution  usdor    ows  occupydc    99percent  occupytogetheroccupyrochester standing    ows  occupywallstreet  occupyatlanta  occupydelaware  occupyphilly  occupynjrtrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtwhere? union sq? rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsis happen?  tear gas? rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   ows
crack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...   tcotrtcrack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws   tcot  sgp nydailyrtcrack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters..." crack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...crack   bloomberg  start enforcing   permit laws  protesters. damn time    ows  occupywallstrtcrack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...rtcrack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...   tcotcrack   bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...  // 3 & 1/2 weeks late...  owsabout time  ows rtcrack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...rtcrack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws   tcot  sgp nydailytenn. agrees 2 stop enforcing curfew  arresting  ows protesters near capi… (cont)  tyrtrtcrack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...crack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws   tcot  sgp nydailyrtcrack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...rtcrack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...rtcrack  bloomberg  start enforcing  permit laws protesters...rtows tenn. agrees stop enforcing curfew  arresting occupy wall street protesters near capitol te...   occupyusartows tenn. agrees stop enforcing curfew  arresting occupy wall street protesters near capitol te...   occupyusaows tenn. agrees stop enforcing curfew  arresting occupy wall street protesters near capitol te...   occupyusaverified. allowed park anytime day night. ga held st. 6pm. unm police enforcing.  occupyburquertows tenn. agrees stop enforcing curfew  arresting occupy wall street protesters near capitol te...   occupyusa
heyany chance occupy annoying gossip girls filming outside apt now?  heartsandmindstsa screener fired leaving note telling passenger  freak  girl     ny dail.."eyewitnessnyc 2 helicopters emergency landing njcoming soon occupy beirut baleha  justsayingwell yes tsa confiscated crochet hooks before.yeah.  time learn foreign language.  justsayinrthappy skyscraper day.  hug favorite edifice.  whyisthistrending   istwitterdrinking  itsasundaywhoisinaskyscraperthank  look handsome don i? mol  piegob  wlfaloha& wol 2the  republicans reason rich pay &  paulryan  occupywallstreet  justsayiniran loving  occupywallstreet getting  iraq  iran  revolution  venustransit  justsayinrichard thompson ford equality & law  "moving beyond civil rights"rtwellwould rock website clout celebs  justsayingwoman suitcase note tsa paper saying  freak girlno stop movement poison bother dignity destroying anti community. getsavyrtmeet thomas ryan snitched  occupywallstreet  fbi &  nypd   ows  infiltrators corporate owned  traitors usartindeed bankers prosecuted? jeff madrick & frank partnoy newyorkreviewofbooks   occupywallstreetrtmeet thomas ryan snitched  occupywallstreet  fbi &  nypd   ows  infiltrators corporate owned  traitors usartanonymous  openhandslapthepolice  policestate  ows || tsa doing random highway stopsrt.s support coup created western powers libya reason question roots movement.just sayin

top story architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"rtartsbeat blog architect named american revolution museum philadelphiathe architect  occupywallstreet praises power “magical hashtags”architect named american revolution museum philadelphiathe architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"  viartartsbeat blog architect named american revolution museum philadelphiaartsbeat blog architect named american revolution museum philadelphiaartsbeat blog architect named american revolution museum philadelphiathe architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"artsbeat blog architect named american revolution museum philadelphia robert a.m. stern design the...<  cool folkthe architect  occupywallstreet praises power “magical hashtags”top story architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"rtdon agree protest   ilovehashtags rtarchitect  occupywallstreet praises power hashtagsthe architect  occupywallstreet praises power “magical hashtags” »the architect  occupywallstreet praises power “magical hashtags”rtartsbeat blog architect named american revolution museum philadelphiathe architect  occupywallstreet praises power “magical hashtags”artsbeat blog architect named american revolution museum philadelphia robert a.m. stern design the...artsbeat blog architect named american revolution museum philadelphiatop story architect  occupywallstreet praises power "magical hashtags"
oct. 21  1879 | thomas edison lights lamp   york times (blog) york times (blog)oct. 21  1879 | thom...the york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .where seeing "on screen time"?rtremember 5th november   occupyoakland  occupywallstreet  occupyboston  occupymaine  occupyatlanta  occupybaltimore  occupyseattle  rtbigup  start ; ) cusoon didnt hav muchtime willvienna 1day be4 global 15 oct ppl occupy huge bldg  ows  occupywallsti blown caliber journalism ny times  total headline fail.autofollowusa todayfewer iphone activations hamper growth at&tnew york timesmark l...   teamfollowbackrtartists file suit sotheby’s  christie’s ebayhere | nytimes europe closes broad plan save eurortdid hear bankers?rtrtmanhattan 2383 2 ave 2 people shot  victims traumatic arrest. ...movie review |  anonymous  ‘anonymous ’ roland emmerich   review   newyorktimespanetta joins south korea warning north   newyorktimesgolf adjusts penalties  centuries   newyorktimesboy rescued 5 days quake turkey   newyorktimescardinals 10  rangers 9 (11 innings) dewitt selig  game lifetime   newyorktimessuspected u.s. drones kill 6 pakistan   newyorktimestar heels challenges goal   newyorktimesus marine shames nypd times square protest videortdon’t blink  hazards confidencertit time democrats embrace  occupywallstreet movement openly. ll hard explain silence year.
rtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtoccupyoakland  oo live news stream  others?   occupysf  occupywallst  occupysj  zuccottipark  youranonnews  jackalanonrtinside tip cops sending convicts zuccotti  ows  protest  occupycltrtoccupy san diego.  tents cleared.  multiple arrests.  media team arrested.   occupysd  livestream   usdor  owshow doctor’s web site generate business   useful tips applied business websitesrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsi thega makes numerous announcements released prisoners told visitbrooklyn 4800 fire multiple dwelling. people trapped.  hatzolah scene.  nypd  fdny"wanted questioning connection murder 73 apt 120 st. 800 577 tips  25pctrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   ows"missing brian laboy  17  bronx. seen longfellow ave. call 800 577 tips  44pct  42pctwe dropped winter  occupysurvival tips  ows smart retweet    temps knowrt"we unarrested them..." demonstrators rescued  nypd   occupywallstreet  owsrtrtoccupysandiego. tents cleared. multiple arrests. media team arrested.  occupysd stream   usdor  owsrt"we unarrested them..." demonstrators rescued  nypd   occupywallstreet  owsrtzuccottipark  ows  occupywallst  jackalanon chipd internal phone listrttips running cold weather york city  marathon approaches    ny daily newsrtrtdefending  teargas flier   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupyusa  occupytips  occupy  usdorrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrt"we unarrested them..." demonstrators rescued  nypd   occupywallstreet  owsrtwtf mtportland police tips bahrain moi  occupyportland arrests posted facebook  ows
rtnypd officers front awaiting orders.  owsrtlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclenypd officers front awaiting orders.  owsrta nation awaits.  usdorrtlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlive video light  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95 & bway 4  occupythecircle   owsows  occupymuseums  occupyart nypd awaits @ modern.rta nation awaits.  usdorrtlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertone main grocery stores :) rtnypd officers front awaiting  owsrta nation awaits.  usdorrtlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertlight  nypd presence & chopper overhead marchers await  peteseeger 95+bway  occupythecirclertnypd officers front awaiting orders.  owsrta nation awaits.  usdorbudget  union challenges await mta chairman
rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.indians stressed?rtqueens hillside ave & 165 st jumper apparently doa scene. crime scene established.rt"queens 103 precinct  hillside ave & 165 st jumper apparently doa scene. crime scene established."rt"queens 88 st & 95 ave 3 people stabbed  stable condition. crime scene established. 10:25:40 pm"manhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rt"bronx 515 east 143 st male shot transported ems cpr progress. crime scene established."rtqueens 88 st & 95 ave 3 people stabbed  stable condition. crime scene established. 10:25:40 pmtrill rtbronx  1500 longfellow ave. male shot aided doa scene. crime scene established.rtqueens 88 st & 95 ave 3 people stabbed  stable condition. crime scene established. 10:25:40 pmrtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.shit rtqueens hillside ave & 165 st jumper apparently doa scene. crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan 8 ave & west 42 st pedestrian struck train  doa train. crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtrtqueens hillside ave & 165 st jumper apparently doa scene. crime scene established..rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.manhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtmanhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.manhattan riverside dr & west 91 st shots fired offduty nypd officer suspect fled officers weapon. heavy crime scene established.rtqueens hillside ave & 165 st jumper apparently doa scene. crime scene established.rtqueens 88 st & 95 ave 3 people stabbed  stable condition. crime scene established. 10:25:40 pm
finance hip nypd officer’s clothes grab online attention (ap)hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention lot police officers keeping eye the...hip nypd officer clothes grab online attentionhip nypd officer clothes grab online attention detective rick lee talks pedestrian zuccotti park n...hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention   abc  news  an247fashion sense hip nypd officer clothes grab online attentionrthip nypd officer clothes grab online attention york    lot police officers keeping a...fox carolina 21hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention online blog posts tongue cheek referenc...hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention   cbs4 rtv4 whbf ...  quad city onl...hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention detective rick lee nicknamed hipster cop online i...hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention   13 wthr  news leader indianapo...hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention   charleston  sc ... wciv tv news  weather  traffic  radar an...hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention   news ... plainclothes detective rick lee wears cardigans  sk...hip nypd representative clothes grab online attention dresses cool college professor.online blog po...hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention   ksla news 12 ... news  weather sports coverage c...cops  police  news hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention detective rick lee  center  walks pro...dtn stock market hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention      (ap) ap   lot poli...news hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention \n    (ap)\nnews hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention      (ap)hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention      (ap) ap   lot police officers keepin...hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention
rtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead saudi arabia crown prince sultan died  royal court s...dtn usa saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead saudi arabia crown prince sultan died  roya...rt“saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadfree  mr. abdulhadi al khawaja    freealkhawaja  humanrights   occupywallst  occupy  bahrainsaudi crown prince sultan  treated city  dies ailing saudi crown prince sultan bin abdulaziz al saud  wh...rtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead“saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz dead  rest peacertsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtthe  edl  mascot  abdul  birmingham demortsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadsaudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz deadrtrtlibyan tv talking arrest moatsem daffi  mansour dao  abdullah senussi ahmed ibrahim  libya
rthuge employer  walmart makes major cuts employee  healthcare benefits.   ows  occupytogether  99percent  idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent pointless  fuck protesters   occupywallstreet   protest   idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  ioccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  yoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  :occupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  uoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  moccupywallst hard earn living movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters    protest  idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  toccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupportoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  soccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  goccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  doccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  yoccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  ooccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  ioccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  goccupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  "occupywallst fuck 99%  movement shit.  anti99percent  hate communism  fuck protesters   occupy  protest   idontsupport  (
rtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtrnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remain"nypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remain"rtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remainrtnypd shutting columbus circle "park"   pete seeger safely departed  ows protesters remain
rtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owspolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  ows:( rtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsyou re trying makethe bad guys. fair warning. accept burden convictions shut uprtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  ows  saftey  peace  oallyrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  owsrtpolice shoved  knocked warning.  ows
rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.there solution reagan revolutionrti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.excellent review rick perry tax plan former senior advisor reagan bush i.i ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.i ve watched 1st handhow snce the80s(reagan)corpgreedhas eaten familiesuprti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message.rti ve watched 1st handhow snce the80s(reagan)corpgreedhas eaten familiesuprti ppl hate gov spending love ronald reagan  occupywallst lacks coherent message..u prefer  reagan  rfk?   occupywallstreet  ows  tcot  gop
rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickomtif yo receiven candy halloweeño yo sendo ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickoif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickomtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from.rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickortif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que trickodead  “if yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from.rtif yo receiven los candy halloweeño yo sendo el ñypd que confiscate todos los candy from. que tricko
rtquiet day occupation.  site huddled up.  hello fair weather activist.the world 2000 richest people combined weather poorest 4 billion   evil & stand  occupywallstreetweather scaring people else on?rtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.rtthey  ows fold nypd & oakland pd brutality. weather stop us? lmao  pfft   oo  p21  occupyoaklandthat weather outlook low tricksrtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.rtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.rtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.rtmaybe idea occupiers have.ex tv weather anchor heidi jones sentenced 350 hours community service ...rtthey  ows fold nypd & oakland pd brutality. weather stop us? lmao  pfft   oo  p21  occupyoaklandrttips running cold weather york city  marathon approaches    ny daily newsrtthey  ows fold nypd & oakland pd brutality. weather stop us? lmao  pfft   oo  p21  occupyoaklandrtth thanks (shivering) rtdropped hats  gloves  ski pants forthe weather nasty there.winter weather enroute  none longerlove fall  weather stinks.rtthey  ows fold nypd & oakland pd brutality. weather stop us? lmao  pfft   oo  p21  occupyoaklandextra extra read aboutlive4  ilovetuesdaywell ll. be. damned. “this inreports nyc winter weather advisory.”hip nypd officer clothes grab online attention   charleston  sc ... wciv tv news  weather  traffic  radar an...
rtrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases & tarps.  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases & tarps.  ows  needsoftheoccupiersdelaware suit accuses merscorp deception mortgage registry delaware’s attorney merscorp’s mo...rtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers>>> delaware suit accuses merscorp deception mortgage registry delaware’s attorney m...  ... jmwrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases & tarps.  ows  needsoftheoccupiersbowery lands spot historic registryrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew site  wedding registry  fewer vases tarps.  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers
youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped        yorkyoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped    bakerygangyoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   *exclusivevideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  yorkrtvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stompedvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viajus dont vid youngin chased front nypd afta snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viavideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viacheck out>> youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  yorkvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  yorkvideo youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   viayoungin chased front nypd snitching & stomped  ...goon shit youngin chased front nypd snitching & stomped   via
rtntc    former  gaddafi cronies  west  puppets   26.10.11   libya  war   takewallstreet ? ronpaul2012  owsrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan next?rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtshort op ed wrote foron gaddafi libya civil war future?rt2011   egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  occupywallst  wikileaks  binladen  khanfar  gaddafi  princesultan hidden?rtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileakslibyan gaddafi 18 yankees hat  news  slackers comparisonrtwhat year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtsaddam hussein ?   osama bin laden ?   gaddafi ?   tony blair ?   george galloway ?   lee jasper ??  occupylsx  ukuncutrtsaddam hussein ?   osama bin laden ?   gaddafi ?   tony blair ?   george galloway ?   lee jasper ??  occupylsx  ukuncutrtclinton jubilant  gaddafi  death "   died "   takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanksrt‘we continue resistance revenge. am  libya  alive free’ – gaddafi’s son —    takewallstreet  owsrtobama bin laden  gaddafi 21.10.11  libya  war   takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanks  15m  feliz15ortmuammar  gaddafi  9/11 hi jackers trained  usa   usdor  ows  antibanks  feliz15o ? ronpaul2012  ocupythefedrto2 feuert  werbefee  vanessa wegen  gaddafi   affäre   usdor  ows  antibanks  feliz15o ? ronpaul2012  ocupythefed????what year.  gaddafi  binladen  egypt  tunisia  yemen  syria  fukushima  hacking  riots  greece  occupywallst  wikileaksrtgaddafi :"i kill. hearts millions people  "  video   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanks  15m  feliz15ogaddafi ’s death lessons  arabspring   libya. via
austin gettin raided     occupyoakland  ows  occupytv  occupywallst  occupyaustin  occupyamerica  occupytogetherrtbridge true. rtoccupyla reportedly getting raided   occupyoakland repo...rtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtoccupy san diego raided riot police tear gas possible. live feed   ows  occupywallst  occupyrtoccupymedia occupy nashville getting raided   owsrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtoccupy san diego raided riot police tear gas possible. live feed   ows  occupywallst  occupyrtoccupy san diego raided riot police batons.  live feed   ows  occupywallst  occupyrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtare raided?  occupyla  occupyrabbitsrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtoccupy san diego raided riot police tear gas possible. live feed   ows  occupywallst  occupyrtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtbeing raided tennessee highway patrol dogs.  watch live  occupy  occupywallstreet  owsbeing raided tennessee highway patrol dogs. watch live now:  occupy owsrtoccupy san diego raided riot police batons.  live feed   ows  occupywallst  occupyrtrtlive feed  occupysf getting raidedbridge true. rtoccupyla reportedly getting raided   occupyoakland reported taking bridge.  ows

rtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war veteran critical condition    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war veteran critical condition    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war veteran critical condition    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war veteran critical condition    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war veteran critical condition    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war veteran critical condition    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war veteran critical condition    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war veteran critical condition    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war vet critical cond    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war vet critical cond    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtoccupywallstreet   incompetent   corrupt politicians root financial crisis video   usdor  ows  occupytogetherrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war veteran critical condition    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war vet critical cond    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war vet critical cond    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war veteran critical condition    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war veteran critical condition    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war vet critical cond    occupyoakland  ows  usdor“subway riders trash mta garbage plan  proof mta incompetentrtrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war vet critical cond    occupyoakland  ows  usdorrtoccupywallstreet   incompetent   corrupt politicians root financial crisis video   usdor  ows  occupytogetherrtdisloyal incompetent   >iraq war veteran critical condition    occupyoakland  ows
rtbrooklyn black market kidney broker pleads guilty selling israeli organs de..rtblack market kidney broker pleads guilty hawking israeli organs desperate americansblack market kidney broker pleads guilty brooklyn pleaded guilty thursday black market kidney ...teen kidney donor web  brooklyn teen getting kidney week   thanks jersey teac...rtblack market kidney broker pleads guiltyblack market kidney broker pleads guilty brooklyn pleaded guilty thursday black market kidney ...teen kidney donor web  brooklyn teen getting kidney week   thanks jersey teac...rtbrooklyn black market  kidney broker pleads guilty selling israeli organs desperate americans ..rtnyc pleads guilty brokering kidney   newyorkcitytough action  organ trafficking rtguilty plea kidney selling charges   organdonationbrooklyn black market kidney broker wholesale  crazy fliprtblack market kidney broker pleads guilty hawking israeli organs desperate americansrtguilty plea kidney selling chargesouch    rtblack market kidney broker pleads guilty hawking israeli organs desperate americansblack market kidney broker pleads guilty brooklyn pleaded guilty thursday black market kidney ...teen kidney donor web  brooklyn teen getting kidney week   thanks jersey teac...nba teen kidney donor web  brooklyn teen getting kidney week   thanks ...   netsbrooklyn teen sofia manfredi <b>kidney</b> match  <b>donor</b> webblack market kidney broker pleads guiltyguilty plea kidney selling chargesteen kidney donor web  brooklyn teen getting kidney week   thanks jersey teac...
bernie madoff & wife attempted suicide report bernie madoff wife swindler husband tried ...bernie madoff & wife attempted suicide report los angeles   cardiologist accused accidentally killing m...she tried attempted murder. woman disgusting.  ows  occupyoaklandbernie madoff & wife attempted suicide reportbernie madoff & wife attempted suicide report bernie madoff wife swindler husband tried ...rtnypd motorscooters attempted 3 4 occasions block people street; demonstrators evaded time.  owsrtformer wabc meteorologist community service attempted rape hoax york (cbsnewyork) — gloom...bernie madoff & wife attempted suicide report los angeles   cardiologist accused accidentally killing m...smh thts disturbing rtsuspect sought attempted rape elderly brooklyn womanattempted?rtsuspect sought attempted rape elderly brooklyn womanrtnypd motorscooters attempted 3 4 occasions block people street; demonstrators evaded time.  owsrtbernie madoff & wife attempted suicide reportsuspect sought attempted rape elderly brooklyn womansuspect sought attempted brooklyn robberybernie madoff & wife attempted suicide reportbernie madoff & wife attempted suicide reportbernie madoff & wife attempted suicide report bernie madoff wife swindler husband tried ...rtfourth image attempted tasering legal observer writing notes  dalefarmnj transit bus driver stabbed attempted newark busjacking newark  n.j. (cbsnewyork) – n.j. transit bus dri...ruth madoff tells ’60 minutes’ bernard attempted suicide (cbs news/cbsnewyork) — ruth madoff makes ...
rt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsproblems indeed. blame  rt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssigns“"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssigns”rt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt““"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssigns””rt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssigns“keep positive  campers  some1 hateful sign   ows  owssigns  occupyadvice   idea
rtnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&othersnewyorkerlivestreamdiscussionon  ows w/ spitzer&others
fantasy football research predicting defensive performances seth walder predictable fantasy defense...week seven fantasy football rankings hanging tough ryan torain ranking antonio brown mistake. after...week seven fantasy football rankings hanging tough ryan torain ve underperformed and/or faced toug...thanks tofor shout daily news fantasy blogfantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...put  coach  getting quantitative game fantasy football tuck played games this...rtyeah  dod terrified   budgets slashed forever war fantasy mideast.fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy friday cam newton elite fantasy football quarterback  maurice jones ... term “lockout” abou...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances completely separate topic  fant...fantasy football research predicting defensive performances start  decided correlation th...week 8 fantasy football favorable unfavorable matchups ... fantasy football favorable unfavorable m...idp giants assistant coaches  unplugged   fantasyfootballidp bondy jets gang grumpy   fantasyfootballidp giants cupcake dolphins test   fantasyfootball
nytimes china cracks bloggers ‘excessive’ entertainmenthmm  backwards  ways? rtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggersrtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggersnytimes china cracks bloggers ‘excessive’ entertainmententertainment   charlie sheen star fx  anger management   based jack nicholson ...   york   amhdchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limit...   infoceliobusinessdesk china proposes curbs entertainment bloggersdtn usa china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing li...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...nytimes china cracks bloggers ‘excessive’ entertainment communist leaders china proposing n...this sad infuriating rtchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggerschina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m...china proposes curbs entertainment bloggingchina proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing ...nytimes china cracks bloggers ‘excessive’ entertainment.china proposes curbs entertainment bloggers communist leaders china proposing limits m......when congress isn’t session  entertainment  occupywallstreet douches.
rturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrti don the& fire dept. generators zuccotti park quoting specific ordinance.  owsrtthe loud drumming constitutionally protected imho; noise ordinances legal. drumming nypd excuse     ows  cb1i don the& fire dept. generators zuccotti park quoting specific ordinance.  owsrtthe loud drumming constitutionally protected imho; noise ordinances legal. drumming nypd excuse     ows  cb1rtrtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsit called rational  ows try sometime  ordinancertso  bang  endless banging drum circle violation noise ordinance.  owsrtrteugene city council voted exemptfrom city camping ordinancesoccupytogetherthat depends re willing trump 1st amendment  friend. ordinances  (cont)rtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owswe assemble ordinances impossible unconstitutionalrturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.owsrt “rumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   ows”rtrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   owsrumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   ows (via)rturgent nyc  chemical ordinance  biological radiological awareness task force zuccotti park now.ows
rtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertrtrtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join (cont)rtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"phase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplephase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplea movement unite goodwill movements peaceful movements lose using violent forcertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertrtrtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join (cont)rphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  owsrtphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeoplertphase 2 "call citizens goodwill join call const. convention"   usdor  ows  corporationsarenotpeople
the york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .rtthe york times  els beneficis de la independència de catalunya són enormes .
rtpython digestion study holds promise human heart healthheyany chance occupy annoying gossip girls filming outside apt now?  heartsandmindsscientists unveil  super broccoli ; veggie hybrid contains heart health ... ap beneforte super broccoli wa...rtoccupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites  99percent   ows  topprog  p2the comments onabout woman shielded  kids gunman disheartening...rtreally dying read heartfelt ode   occupywallstreet   (cc)nice. rtpython hearts hold key healthy heart growth humansbanks agree loss greek debt help resolve euro crisisrtmy idealistic heart belongs to& news fit print hard truth cover ofi  shared facebook  loved it. reminded own ows heartfelt writing. :dformer rikers island guards plead guilty pair rikers island correction officers copped sweetheart pleas fr...occupy boardroom 9 angry  heart breaking messages wall street elites 99%rtmy heart hurts oakland.   occupyoakland  occupywallstreet. dad support nov 2nd.  generalstrikertbreaks hearts  immigration contradictions   mlkrtmtchemical bomb thrown  occupymaine kitchen area. heart cries for...rtwe staying peaceful sharing words hearts.  occupychicago  occupywallst  occupymarines  occupyoaklandomg gorgeous nypd police offers  heart stopped. naked ring finger  ohyoufancyhuh?relief heart  ladies gentleman banks agree loss greek debt help resolve euro crisisrtwe staying peaceful sharing words hearts.  occupychicago  occupywallst  occupymarines  occupyoaklandcbs  steve hartman  road  delivering heart warming  depth ...anti abortion ad campaign air ohio support  heartbeat  bill ...
rtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsnice. rtpython hearts hold key healthy heart growth humansrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owspregnant woman birth healthy baby  dies hit run ...rtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsif simple healthy ratings existed food  grocery shopping probably lot healthierrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtsad... rttx pregnant hit & run victim birth healthy baby  dies injuriesrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtows bike generators providing clean healthy electricity. thank  nypdhow train brain healthy habits support memory ... minute business news fin...rtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrttexas pregnant hit run victim birth healthy baby  dies injuriesrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & healthy   owsperhaps reason snakes?  python hearts hold key healthy heart growth in humans    ny daily newsrtplz forward  occupy cold survival tip sheet  occupiers safe & h