rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.>>> occupywallstreet <<<<<< time.      opwallstreet  cnn  bbc  cbs  abcrtget educated. search "basic income" new; time.  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  99percent  ows   pls   education keyrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtfollowfor idiocratic view  occupywallstreet pining attention & overtime.  usdorrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.ny times obama donors  08 ain giving time. critical one. report attackwatch.comrtso  whynow  occupywallstreet ? time.rtoccupywallstreet police told folks 5 minutes drum yell 10:30 quiet time.rtdearmy 2 yr 4 yr write sidewalk chalk time. arrest too?  occupywallstreet“occupywallstreet police told folks 5 minutes drum yell 10:30 quiet time.”not netare paying attention happening union square? don waste time.rt"why people  retire ? re  tiring  time."  andyrooneyslastshowrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtevery time hear  usdor  comes mind. every. time.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.
pepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrteuro zone death tripthe price cheap  food | disinformation  /nytimessnooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s...just reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  read"adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtadéu catalonia matadorsrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtgps hollywood sign beaten pathrtfinance minister quit russian governmentnytimes google doodle honors jim henson friendly monstersautofollow sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistannew york times...   ffamerican police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnell
rtedl  andreaurbanfox  wlf >< harassing >< why? decided i`m (cont)< major saddo one. pathetic troll account.  edl  uaf  andreaurbanfoxthanks  xxx  course hasn guts tweet  andreaurbanfox mate ;0)   edlhashtag trolling saddo?    andreaurbanfox   edl  uaf  ukuncut  dalefarm   tcot  teamwc   teaparty  bnpoh  sandreaurbanfox twitpics  repubiic linking   share computer  edl  uafperhaps&can explain?    edl  uaf  ukuncut   racism  andreaurbanfox>< sick person  andreaurbanfox  edl  uaf  ukuncut  dalefarm  tcotreality andrea blocked you. obsessed stalking  lying am  jewthis picture racist comment sent pal stalker?    ukuncut  edl  uaf  tcotso decided bully liz alvis you?  andreaurbanfox  edl   ukuncut   uaf  bloody tedious drama queen.><so troll trolling  dalefarm now?    ukuncut  andreaurbanfox  clown  edlthis clown rts crap day day out?  hasn own id?  andreaurbanfox   sock account  edlrtwelcome andrea  tweeting edl yesterday.  edl  andreaurbanfox.< oh dear  troll account suspended twitter troll herself?  edl  andreaurbanfoxreality blocked you. dumb. lying am  jewhater .   edl   uafracist comment troll account tweeted week too?  edl  uafracist comment troll account tweeted too?  edl  uafso sheryl  rting racist troll. true  bnp  edl colours   fail   ukuncut  andreaurbanfoxandrea liz seems. fooling one.  edl  andreaurbanfox   teamwc  tcot  jcot  troll  liaralso forgets/liz accuses decent  fucking  3 old. sick.  andreaurbanfox  edl  uafoh andrea / troll clone /liz spamming  dalefarm she?   edl
please update soon  terriblertfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiers“three rabbis hike 15 miles brooklyn bronx weekly lead synagoguertupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetplease updated. trying plan commute w/small children.update wall street protests continue  nypd remains mum pepper spray   ny1.com  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplazai call monday discuss/update  occupywallstreet  ... assist?rtnews update usa  occupywallstreet protest   ourwallstreet  owsupdated call/e mail mainstream  media cover  occupywallstreet  protestrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreethey check updated supplies list   wallstreet  occupywallstreet  anonblogrtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wreal crime updates  thisfor updates  occupywallstreet protests  followand. fantastic day.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.followfor updates  occupychi  occupywallstreet running.&on groundrtupdate 16y.o. girl arrested taking pic protest earlier  affiliated protest.  occupywallstreet““update police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet””activistslaughter  headed wall st. updates? subscribe 2   usdor  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
nypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...rtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtrtagain  occupy sacramento help. help organize  please volun… (cont)rtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtis doing job differentiating helpful websites & scams. look donate help.rtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtrtagain  occupy sacramento help. help organize  please volun… (cont)rtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtagain  occupy sacramento help. help organize  please volun… (cont)i am marketer.... help... sending press release contact info someonertour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtrtspoke w/ pbs reportr arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials...no help.  ourwallstreet ccrtrtagain  occupy sacramento help. help organize  please volun… (cont)rtagain  occupy sacramento help. help organize  please volun… (cont)mtchitown protestors holding ground storms sleep. help.  occupyamerica  occupychicago  solidarityrtoccupywallst3   pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtlooking  oh york  kinda gift? transit museum help. click  shop transit   www.mta.infosent videos   hope help.rtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
occupywallstreet milk maced. helps  personal experience.not justification helps rt"coffee drinking linked depression womenrtmichael moore helps "occupy wall street"    [  news  solidarity  occupywallstreet  p2  topprogs  tlot  rebelleft ]nursing student helps deliver neighbor baby brooklyn nursing student real crash course delivering...rtrtnat lawyers guild phone (212) 679 6018 hope helps  ourwallstreetu.s. tax money helps finance war afghanistannursing student helps deliver neighbor babydtn usa power assure helps cio’s manage server power  $13.5m data center power saving software company p...power assure helps cio’s manage server power  $13.5m data center power saving software company power assu...i dropped spy sunglasses webcam live stream  bryan hope helpshope helps.nissan helps electric cars charge quickerblessings rtnursing student helps deliver neighbor babypower assure helps cio’s manage server power  $13.5m data center power saving software company ...   businessoccupywallstreet rw  wingnuts shld shut f@ $ mouths    bankofamerica cut 10 000 jobs  gop helps carry h20rtmcgraw hill erin davis college freshman checklist helps students succeed  viabrooklyn nursing student aionga pereira helps deliver neighbor baby ... edgar sandoval joe kemp nik...rtmcgraw hill erin davis college freshman checklist helps students succeed  viartmichael moore helps "occupy wall street"    [  news  solidarity  occupywallstreet  p2  topprogs  tlot  rebelleft ]like countdown clocks  helps commutetry weekender yet? weekend website helps plan travel weekend service changes. www.mta.info.  mtaweekender
rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers wr arrested nypd destroying economy? none. wr rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700brthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2
rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rtif human  1 20 chance american.  prisoner  1 4 chance american.rtapparently execute prisoner save rtjustice troy davisrr"brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm"rtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"rtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them""a public mta bus ziptied "prisoners"  flag downright  owrellianrtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtcaptain window "any arresting officers?" driver "there arresting/witness officers prisoners"rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm  brooklynrtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"mtcall 1.888.692.7233 call  nypd @ 1 police plaza demand prisoners accounted & med met.  occupywallstreet  owsa public mta bus ziptied "prisoners" instagr.am/p/oee w/ (via)  occupywallstreet
“correction   arts+culture committee meet 12:30  3pm.  takewallstreet  sep17”rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   nee… (cont)rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetthe revolution won televised tweeted   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  culturejammingrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrt  takewallstreet  ows   globalrevolution   culture  app  events  filmmaker  ecowhat world  rtsean penn pushed hugo chavez help free american hikers iranrtrtunbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street  occupywallstreet  ...live streaming  occupywallstreet     anonymous   culturestill live streaming  occupywallstreet  4.1k+ following you?  anonymous  culture support followidentified  nypd officer  maced peaceful  protesters    occupywallstreet  anonymous  culturertrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtactivists bring wall st. demonstration willis tower     occupychicago   anonymous  culturertwest "when bring people colors  cultures  genders sex. ornt  elites ...rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetculture diversity risk due climate changertanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetmarkspeaks truth. read remember culture changertanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreeti shot looking (sept17)  popart  popculture
rtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadow

what demands...what want.. list wall street protest demands changes america  ....all recourse s.. . true gravity... want.  occupywallstreet it. 1 / 0  usdor  opesrnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetwoo hoo   rtvcitory  rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  owsrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrt"we developed speed shut ourselves in. machinery provides abundance left want."  occupywallstreetrtas soon lower ourselves level nypd  1% wins. want. stay strong  stay peaceful.  occupywallstreetrtrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetall videos free youtube.com/leecamp2   please want.   occupywallstreetrt"nypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreet"rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtvcitory  rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrt"nypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreet"rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtvcitory  rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreet

wall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...rtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentrtrtoccupywallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march  viavote pollrtwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march    occupywallstreet  owswall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   ows  antibanksrtfreedom  usa "wallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   occupywallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march  =  occupywallstreet  anonymouswall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march      babyboomers  revolution  wethepeopleprotesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march scores protesters arrested manhattan saturday m...protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march scores protesters arrested manhattan saturday m...rtprotesters cuffed  pepper sprayed marchrtrtwoman arrested yestrdy  ourwallstreet mariel moshiri  held bellvue overnight cuffed chair.  occupywallstreetrtwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   p2rtwall street protesters(libtards) cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   tcot  p2  occupywallstreetrtwall st protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march   (looks happened closer union sq)wall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march
bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  (cont)rtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.rtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardslmaoooooooo rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 ...rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardslol rtjah audi now?  rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.smh rtbk5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regards.rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend.perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regards.“brooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  < fucking simp...swag rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. ...lmaoooooooo rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.nah  rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.crazy shit rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtswag rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.smh rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 ...rtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.crazies // rtbrooklyn. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regards
"it wail st" ny daily news front page     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"it wail st" ny daily news front page    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevised"it wail st."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrt"i ll understand arrest "for resisting arrest" gotta circular charge ever."  occupywallstreet"i breathe "   police shoving 10:30am liberty plaza  occupywallstreet   mikebloomberg  nypd  corporategreedrtmt"if gun  rob bank  bank  rob everyone." bill maher   occupywallstreet"i surprised aren people streets." piers morgan  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt"i don takes 2 imagination figure ppl doing wall street protesting"  occupywallstreetnyt op ed "is junk food cheaper?"  it’s myth chips cheaper broccoli. they’re not.rtrtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"“80 "indignés" de wall street arrêtés à yorkrtsusan sarandon "it changes top  changes bottom  " live >>rtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"rtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"rttold pessimistic friend  "if dont  don history"rt"it warms heart here"   michael moore@  occupywallstreetrtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet""rt"it warms heart here"   michael moore@  occupywallstreet"i don takes 2 imagination figure ppl doing wall street protesting"  occupywallstreetrt"it’s biggest obstacles building powerful movement [...] own cynicism & despair."  occupywallstreet here
msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "thertfixed link "the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet " arun guptaroflmao "the exercises classified"rt"the seed revolution repression." woodrow wilson  occupywallstreet  civildisobediencert"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reportsnyt "the price political gossip:"  sensationalism scare candidates?nyt ed "the solyndra ‘panic’:"  solar company’s failure deter robust public investments clean energy.nyt "the surreal ruins qaddafi’s land:"  libyans struggle escape country’s twisted history.rtjournalist author chris hedges  speaking  occupywallstreet "the method left reform civil disobedience."  ows"there class warfare. class  rich class  waging warfare. re winning." warren buffet  takewallstreetinvestor "the governments rule world  goldman sachs rules world"   occupyamerica  takewallstreet  usdorwatch heckler calls obama  antichrist  bizarre bible thumping heckler called president obama "the antic...watch heckler calls obama  antichrist  bizarre bible thumping heckler called president obama "the antic...rt"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reportsrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt"the  police  wrongside  occupywallstreet protests"rtbbc speechless trader tells truth "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"      takewallstreetrtplz begin using  unionsquare. trending. rt"the police trying treat slaves  becaus… (cont)rtchris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."rtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetchris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."
rtwhy 100 teapartyers gather view msm uprising & 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectaclertcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2rtoccupywallstreet basement dwellers america gather bitch moan worthless art history degrees.rtsaturday  sept17 citizens ashland oregon gathered front city hall solidarity  occupywallstreet protest  usdoroccupywallstreet october 6th people las vegas gather protest  occupylasvegas  occupytogetherrtoccupywallstreet basement dwellers america gather bitch moan worthless art history degreesrtoccupywallstreet basement dwellers america gather bitch moan worthless art history degrees.rtcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2rtlibertypark  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows drum circle gathering crowd broadwayoccupywallstreet basement dwellers america gather bitch moan worthless art history degreesrtoccupywallstreet basement dwellers america gather bitch moan worthless art history degrees.rtoccupywallstreet basement dwellers america gather bitch moan worthless art history degrees.rtoccupywallstreet october 6th people las vegas gather protest  occupylasvegas  occupytogetherif handful tea party "patriots" gathered strip mall ohio  fox news live 24 feed.  occupywallstreetrtevening assembly gathering  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtthousands gather nyc protest wall street   newyorkcityrtwhy 100 teapartyers gather view msm uprising & 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectaclertcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2rtcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2libertypark  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows drum circle gathering crowd broadwayrtrtlibertypark   ourwallstreet  ows drum circle gathering crowd broadway youtube.com/watch?v=jublfw…
rtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquare
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrteuro zone death triprtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimert“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousmichael moore live  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetamy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynowrtplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleaserthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreet
stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.too failed inspired sign  occupywallstreet  usdor  draw365 painted image 145/365rtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <leaningtoronto> wish (cont)<sulley360> called precinct.  occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chatrtbe wear masks covering block pig photo biometeric recordings mass arrests attending wallstreetbreaks heart watch  jameyrodemeyer story on. imp spread  itgetsbetterrtrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupierssweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  ...rr"brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm"rtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused violent kettling.  confirmations?rtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused vio...rtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articlertannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersart hair styles lovato hair salon phoenix   (602) 274 3675 information lovato ha...rtpolice begin arresting photographers  indiscriminate macing occupy wall st. protest eventrticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teaparty“frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81  "suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...rtfdl live blog  occupywallstreet day nine  pressing mass arrests yesterday   usdor  takewallstreetrthow fall wardrobe coming along? options started shopping snapshots sept. 22   fashionrtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viarthedges "power elite define whatever failure."   occupywallstreet  usdorrtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 via““wtf manhatten? rtlet boycott burger king (cont)“hi  can;t boycott  dont eat stuff (cont)king abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...rt"bronx 2239 story ave pedestrian struck aided doa. vehicle fled scene. nypd hwy ais scene ai."rtrtgranny peace brigade leads  takewallstreet march  wallstreet  ...rtdont love internet? 24h meathead  mad  dox   occupywallstreet don ppl :)rtnypd wont fuck  teaparty police protesters carrying guns.  nypd fuck  occupywallstreet  hippies  p2peter vallone jr york city council 22nd district chair councils public safety committee promotes police brutality  occupywallstrtdont love internet? 24h meathead  mad  dox   occupywallstreet don ppl :)rtthe amendment adopted protect rights.  tcot  tlot  sgp  p2  nra  occupywallstreet  teaparty  opesr  nwo  anonymousrt"the rich rules poor; borrows slave lender." prov 22.7  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22rtmichael moore encourages expansion anti ’kleptomaniac’ ‘occupy wall street’ protests   ows  usdor  p2  connecttheleft
rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetpic  nypd  "freedom fence" 2011 9 24    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpolice riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards stabing. fdny 2nd alarm fire location.rtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachothera black eye  jets 34 24 loss raidersusdor  sep24  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  thewholeworldiswatching am2usdor  sep24  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet   australiaiswatching9/24/2011 marisa holmes forcefully arrested  occupywallstreet   takebackamerica  nypd  antibanks  corporategreed"protesters arrested anti wall street rally   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  24sepi added photos  sep24  couldn them. :( space flickr.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetteen injured hopping line fence sue city $2.5 millionpgh perk. "alcohol movie theater?   newyorkcity"occupy wall st s24 police riot | common dreams   occupywallst  occupyus  citizenradiortpeople arrested earlier released  returning  libertysquare  occupywallstreetwell comfirmation...damn  rtmcfadden leads raiders past jets 34 24rtoccupywallstreet people powered movement democracy... vow monied corruption democracy.rt"people arrested speak ga.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassembly "rtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "sept. 28  1924. sept. 28  1924  united army air service planes completed ci...a black eye jets 34 24 loss raiders week jets  suffocating defensive performance  ba...
rthere   pic front pagertfront page theoccupywallstreetsept. 28  1924. sept. 28  1924  united army air service planes completed ci...this lie 827 910 928 208    "yankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethrenthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. column...rtrtsays ll visit  occupywallstreet wed 9 28  he...rtrtnew  occupywallstreet chant "no wealth care  pay fair share"  viartrtsays ll visit  occupywallstreet wed 9 28  pic. welcomebon dia 28 marcha bruselas  > breteuil  marchabruselas  15m  walktobrussels8o  occupywallstreetrttysm  ff  lovertif national conservative radio cause call 1 866 957 2874  occupywallst  ourwallst  sept17rttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrthere   pic front pagertfront page theoccupywallstreetrttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrtindiana little none watching trying rally support forrtnew  occupywallstreet chant "no wealth care  pay fair share"  viaflood precinct station. mtcall+demand protestors released 728 520 9311  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetrtegypt parliamentary election  popular revolt ousted mubarak  start nov 28    egypt news agencyrttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadinside job  screening  meet & convo matthews bar morris ave 6:30p 9/28rtthe management pub transportation promised sept17 pay 200% raise  egyworkers woouldnt strike aug28rthere   pic front pagertfront page theoccupywallstreet
rtplease spread people groundrt6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradiosweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles ...  nygiants  nfl“police crack  occupy wall street  protests york police accused of... ://t.co/n2944rxs guw  us”rtbronx 299 east 158 st male shot bring transported traumatic arrest. crime scene ...sweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  ...rtrtoccupywallstreet video net fast possible. people do… (cont)rtis world you? 8:11   occupywallstreet please  >.<rtreally ought advantage momentum yesterday numbers.rtgot press protection curiosity locals you. msm little show.rtis world you? 8:11  please  >.<rtis world you? 8:11   occupywallstreet please  >.<new post nypd cop outted pepper spraying protestersrtsuicide bomb attack indonesia church injures 20rtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22rtorder pizza guys  occupywallstreet (212) 566 0006rtphotoset peaceful protesting granny’s arrested despicable. words.  occupywallstreetthe wilpons sell mets.  rtmadoff victims  trustee allowed sue mets owners $295mrthow respond saying  occupywallstreet racially diverse group? true false?rtconconcon 1st speaker prof glenn reynolds  instapundit blog  wki:one hope coincidence. rtoccupywallstreett broke leash imf announces prob...coincidence?
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 300020 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarerta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtjust livestream 7:30 est michael moore spoke   rerun loop   ows  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  wiunionthey own freaking everything.  "rose bowl" "half time show".  sickening.  occupywallstreet“correction   arts+culture committee meet 12:30  3pm.  takewallstreet  sep17”"i breathe "   police shoving 10:30am liberty plaza  occupywallstreet   mikebloomberg  nypd  corporategreedrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreet????????? ???? ????? ?????????? ??? 30 ??? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rallyrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtrtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300    phone i… (cont)rtrtoccupywallstreet  rtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300   ar… (cont)rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rt  takewallstreet  breakingnewsanonymous  occupywallstreet  occupyatlanta 100 arrestedrtsee streets.  occupywallstreet  tomalabolsa  usdor  sept17  s17  p2. nb lost (877) 881 3020. arrested (212) 679 6018.
rtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachother
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksoccupywallstreet fuck obama administration nd richs    usa fuck police york  usa  newyork  sep17rt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17fuhgeddaboud  plea deal  17 cops indicted ticket fixing rocco parascandola  kevin deutsch and...rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtlegal team indicating notice served ambiguous legally dubious.  takewallstreet  sep17rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtoccupywallstreet  wallstreet   amazing atmosphere  ppl power  real stuff   sept17  downwithcorruptionrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreet“i pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17  thankthe american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksis associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetthe day rage   sept17   beginning. tomorrow marks 1 week people occupation wall street...rtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksrt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17
rtpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarenypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...rtwtf nypd ? nypd cites 166 law banning wearing masks masquerade party (lol  halloween? )  occupywallstreet.((pats back)) day ll 3 rtmets fall cards  assured third straight losing season cbsloc.al/ow0jwnsweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles ...  nygiants  nflrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetiwilloccupy am sick bankers 100 millions 16% americans live below poverty levels  occupywallsteet  usdorwall street arrests / beat  occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  martiallaw  takebackamerica  antibanksoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> protester changing (cont)rtwe re 600+ strong  riverfronttimes article  occupystl movement   occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  stl  missouri“red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day  los baltimore como siempre las puertasrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtupdate 16y.o. girl arrested taking pic protest earlier  affiliated protest.  occupywallstreetlsu football tops west virginia 41 27  capping tough overall week east ...sweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  ...wall street  protesters vow fight brooklyn woman front page demonstr...rt"now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtoped news teamsters report local joining  occupywallstreet 16   globalrevolution  usdor  democracy  icumi  p2rtrtattn  occupywallstreet medical emergency clinic 16th street bt… (cont)
rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetpic  nypd  "freedom fence" 2011 9 24    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops homert8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.rttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycmuslims:"let irvine 11" warning jews freedom speech hecklers belief jewish judges w/no muslim benchnypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...“i pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17  thankrtnytimes hack  nypd didn publish n212 334 0611so tell police jobrtoccupywallstreet protests enter 11th daythe zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)|cnn| wall street protests enter 11th day    la egypt ourwallstreet usdor occupywallstreet ny nyc nj usa dw uk gb europert “judge lawsuit filed utility wake 9/11 "far fetched"  oh wellrtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographyaudit reveals city paid $11.8 million housing subsidies dead peoplesad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rtrt   99%   1%      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nyc
12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordmn 8 av & 125 st. building collapse w/ victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ems req scene rush. 2 nypd rpt inj. /ladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...“romney pulls $1 million nyc fundraiser | york daily news    tcot  mitt2012  nygop”nypd  & codes explained     occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtspring 2012 marnirtnytimes hack  nypd didn publish n212 334 0611so tell police jobrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtcbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am et“correction   arts+culture committee meet 12:30  3pm.  takewallstreet  sep17”rtup 5 people hit pepper spray 12th st. & 5th ave. yesterday<>  <        occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<> water water water   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<bobsmith12> job occupy chicago  occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatnyt profile speech ronald reagan library  christie didn address speculation 2012 run prez.rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtrtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300    phone i… (cont)
rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetpic  nypd  "freedom fence" 2011 9 24    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarertdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtoccupywallstreet propane conversion kit honda eu200i generator. provide this?  usdorrtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops homertwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordrt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.“romney pulls $1 million nyc fundraiser | york daily news    tcot  mitt2012  nygop”rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtspring 2012 marnithe zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)hit  ourwallstreet shit together. ima chill & catchup chores & irl shitlauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes 2007 european tourrtif human  1 20 chance american.  prisoner  1 4 chance american.
rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet(from buzzfeed)  nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallstoccupywallstreet 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement   occupywallstreetover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement  occupywallstreetrt6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradiortsunsalutesrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertmt100 people arrested wall street  mass media spain  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street raging grannies support liberty plaza | suite101.com   p2  ows  usdorrtexclusive 100 cops involved nypd ticket fixing probe « cbs yorkand nyc doorman is...rtit 100 hundred protestors arrested mention thetakewallstreet journalism dead.salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commishrt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetrtwhy 100 teapartyers gather view msm uprising & 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectaclertvolatile dow drops 400  <~dow below 10 000.  ?
rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17rtrt   99%   1%      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtrt   99%   1%      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  nyc 4 9rtrt   99%   1%      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrt“we live world 1% protected served.”   occupywallstreetoccupywallst website "the common = 99% tolerate greed & corruption 1%"rtwhat people bad 1% thiefs wallstreat bad 99%  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtcorporations = wall street = 1% controls 99% democracy.  back?  occupywallstreet  uador  sept17rt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rtjackpot hi srgnt. pepper sprayer  aka douche bag proudly hurts peaceful teen girls   1%justice  tonybaloneyrt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rtwe 99% tolerate greed corruption 1%  ourwallstreetnew census data 20.1% nyc residents live poverty 30% nyc children live poverty  viartto 1% terrorists. rest 99% freedom fighters. stand corrupt.  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ronpaulwho owns fed?  .01%  wallstree… (cont)rtcorporations = wall street = 1% controls 99% democracy.  back?  occupywallstreet  uador  sept17eliminate political control 1%it 1% change egypt  takewallstreet
day 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyowas  bloomie decided comment 80 arrests yesterday nyc?  occupywallstreet &  occupyallstreetsrtwtf nypd ? nypd cites 166 law banning wearing masks masquerade party (lol  halloween? )  occupywallstreetrta recap events saturday  occupywallstreet   ows .... americans == proud & powerless....rtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarewp| 80 arrested  occupywallstreet protest bank bailouts      ourwallstreet takewallstreet usdor egypt tahrir nj nyrt“80 indignados detenidos en nueva yorkrtlive coverage: occupywallstreet  80 arrested released returning liberation square   ourwallstreetoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <robbiet480> meatfacethought rtsome pushing chris christie run presidentrtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viartfreedom  usa "wallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   occupywallstreet“80 "indignés" de wall street arrêtés à yorkrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquare80 arrested financial district protest (  occupywallst ) moves northrtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 via://hulkshare.com/istt780do9pg <           downloadeveryone found bit amusing 8 days ago.   80 protestors arrested  nyc. ponder.  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rt"individual bank robbery capitol bank  57 57 st 9/21 310pm 1 800 577 tipsny police arrest 80 protestors    occupywallstreet
watch live stream team people arrested   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplazartarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdorganizershares  occupywallst blog postrtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdrtrip 2my little cousin kyanna  smh believe rtbrooklyn teen dies ...rtcalls death penalty "an indefensible punishment"rtiwilloccupy bcause cant job willing hard  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtows  occuppywallstreet  ourwallstreet tweeting helpful tag  occupytipsrtrtmtprecinct  typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetrtzlad    rtanonymous messege  nypdrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtu mad?   anonymous  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rtpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtfascinating look inside nypd counterterrorism unit cbs  60 minutesrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetchecknypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city  police plane  hitechcj  mmotrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtwhy protests wall street financial industry impoverished 60m people   sept17<sulley360> called precinct.  occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chatcheck video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  viartbe wear masks covering block pig photo biometeric recordings mass arrests attending wallstreetrtwe re 600+ strong  riverfronttimes article  occupystl movement   occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  stl  missourirtrtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300    phone i… (cont)rtrtoccupywallstreet  rtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300   ar… (cont)breaks heart watch  jameyrodemeyer story on. imp spread  itgetsbetterrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtrtlovely mini doctalks growing 4 50   occupychi  occupywallstrtpaul krugman idiot guide history macroeconomic science 1960s
rtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetrtgps hollywood sign beaten pathif tea party protestors maced  beaten  brutalized & arrested nypd  corporate media ignored story?  occupywallstreetrtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet ..her mother dying & cant afford carertgps hollywood sign beaten pathrtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"rtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"rti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carertgps hollywood sign beaten pathrtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetrtman beaten baton left gaping wound 7 hours. 4 paddywagon air/water   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carertman beaten baton left gaping wound 7 hours. 4 paddywagon air/water   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreeti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carert"protesters permit march." <   legal grounds getting beaten pepper sprayed?rti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carertus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"rtman beaten baton left gaping wound 7 hours. 4 paddywagon air/water   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetmy tears aren sale  lil misty watching 98 lb girls beaten & pepper sprayed nypd.  macing98lbgirlsrtevery time hippy beaten  stocks gain 1%occupywallstreet  usdor  usdayofrage  p2
rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tostephen exec director interviewed cheryl willisrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrtoccupywallstreet 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdorsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...rturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)“more 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdor”  oligarchy  democracymail| police arrest  50   occupywallstreet protests amid claims aggressive tactics    ourwallstreet usdor egypt nyrtwhy 100 teapartyers gather view msm uprising & 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectaclertrt"when 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectacle" banksters protected dc & msmone tidbit  occupywallst. organizers check desk accepting cash donations raised "around $500" yesterday.rturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rt150 videos  occupywallstreet chronological @   sept17  ows  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrt500mm sm farmers 3rd world starving due land purchases foreign inv   commodity trading & biofuels.  usdorrthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.rtrtlovely mini doctalks growing 4 50   occupychi  occupywallstrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tocuomo begins process lay 3 500 gov. cuomo process lay 3 500 workers tuesday night afte...rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told to
i <3 twitter breaks 3rd shift @ :) rtal...rt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrtthank  occupywallstreet; re simply watching  tweeting  reading it. <3    ourwallstreetbe careful  viaoccupywallst  occupywallstreet <3rti <3  occupyaustin rtreportin inoccupywallstreet  owscarepackage <3rti <3 twitter breaks 3rd shift @ :) rtal...rt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rttakewallstreet day 7 photosrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.help joke  <3   occupycleveland chatroom |   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet warm  folks. special admire you.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  america  usa sleep <3rtoccupywallstreet warm  folks. special admire you.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  america  usa sleep <3rtthank  occupywallstreet; re simply watching  tweeting  reading it. <3    ourwallstreetrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.
rtrtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]rtrtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]love  "occupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]“rt|| umbrellas prowl :]   usdor  sep17  takewallstreet”rtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]rtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]rtonce ratm & tom morello fans jointhey antour>:]rtfinally  nypd watchdogs wheels :) rthello  nbc4.. welcome  :]rtrtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]occupywallstreet abt  jobless hippies  absolutelynot  :]  \looks familiar  lol> promised promo  rideordie tweeps  occupywallst tweets. :]  alllovertrtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]rtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]rtonce ratm & tom morello fans jointhey antour>:]|| umbrellas prowl :]|| umbrellas prowl :]   occupywallstreet|| umbrellas prowl :]   usdor  sep17  takewallstreet|| utiful night    :]so share  re together.. gonna rest bit  spreadin  story  :]thanks  little sore  happy free  able rest bit. spreading worldwide  :]you join thee fellow beards protest; strummers & drummers... rain hasn slowed  :]
?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersyou mean one?   ;)rtapakahdanakan memuat berita   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy ? ;)rthere ;)  lolrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtyou mean one?   ;)rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtoccupywallstreet send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrt nice propaganda ;)  occupywallstreetthey grow tough home ;) rtaustralia allow women serve frontline combat“half server geeks ;) thanks  suggestions tell ”  lamp chnce? pstgr?rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet victim media black out. anymore  whynow ? hide. lulz ;)  freedomrtwe fighting pension people beat crap peaceful protesters  wise fuck nypd  occupywallstreet ;)rt nice propaganda ;)  occupywallstreeti try. ;)rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupierssafety  else.  occupywallstreet ;)rt?? ???? ????? ????????? ?? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ?? ??rt?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?
rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetpossibility heavy rain weekend..   :(  needsoftheoccupiers:( flickr month. upload photos.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreeti added photos  sep24  couldn them. :( space flickr.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiershey..hush mouth. >:( chillin withlistening to....nothingrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetup 7 thanks nypd/fdny   again. :( falling asleep dad calls congratulate mag piece.  turnedfrownupsidedown.rtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetis laptop  trouble mobile. scared little :(spin this. rtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreet
rt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetif origami fails... bet toilets busy ... :)rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)the world believe americans actually truth  re zombies anymore:)  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourstreetrtwill talk ga solution finish demands soon inshallah :)  takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstreet  sept17i <3 twitter breaks 3rd shift @ :) rtal...rt(  occupywallstreet isn trending:) tyvm info..it perfectly clear.  takewallstreetrt“ba da da da da... re lovin  : )  <ha ha  nypd fatties  :)what victory :) rtadéu catalonia matadorsyou re respectable mind. look support  occupywallstreet   :)on contrary  admirable admit wrong learning it. orig post  apologize :)rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17rtthank support  occupywallstreet  sept17 won forget it:)rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17:) haven reached  assad standards  started way. nypd goesrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17rti <3 twitter breaks 3rd shift @ :) rtal...rtdont love internet? 24h meathead  mad  dox   occupywallstreet don ppl :)
rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtrip doritos rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrt 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtsexenio > saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women right...big chips   ???rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrt"the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips"police investigate fatal chelsea stabbingrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtcallat 212 691 6397 fuck covering  occupywallstreet ?occupywallstreet  usdor 10cc   wall street shuffle (1974)  viaoccupy wall street michael moore liberty plaza   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyamericartmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsup wall street   occupywallstreet  wiunion  weareohio  pics“the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips  dip?jessy dixon  gospel singer songwriter  dies 73 mr. dixon told associated press 1997 ...:) rteli named nfc offensive player weekrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsfeed offness donors slow return obama fold  [manual offable]
music review keaton’s ‘sherlock  jr.’ stephen prutsman score   review screening buster keaton’s 192...rtman fired stray bullet killed 92 grandma own home senten..rtthe  walloflulz speaks truth america.  ows  occupywallstreet  libertyparksept. 28  1924. sept. 28  1924  united army air service planes completed ci...this lie 827 910 928 208    "yankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethrenrtapparently execute prisoner save rtjustice troy davismexico twitter facebook information survivalbear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...rtoccupywallstreet los angeles  live feed    occupytogether  occupyeverywhere  sept17umm    1920s? hadn running bus  photo evening...rtif civilized geller means likes  idf palestine  nypd  w/ savages.rtcheck video    unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street  // stoppedrtrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.hmmm  gonna tough time yr :0( “northeast farmers warn irene pumpkin shortage   newjersey”“northeast farmers warn irene pumpkin shortage   newyorkcity” hope pumpkins  :0/on lynne & michael     talking  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17 call 831 899 5792rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>mtcall 1.888.692.7233 call  nypd @ 1 police plaza demand prisoners accounted & med met.  occupywallstreet  owswordrtsolidarity brothers sisters san francisco | occupy sf financial district  occupywallstreet  sept17rtbrooklyn  ny (nyc) 4th alm
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt?? ????? ?????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?????? ????  viartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetnyt tantawi testifies mubarak  ????? ?????? ????????????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? arrests peaceful  occupywallstreet  protesters continue. don   ourwallstreetrt????  ????  occupywallstreet ? ???? ?????? ????? ???? ??? ???????  viartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet????? ?????? ?? ????????? ?????rt????? ?????? ????? ?? ??????? ?????rt????? ?????? ????? ?? ??????? ?????u avail 2 hrs..for 10 15 mins???   occupywallstnycrttantawi testifies mubarak’s trial egypt  ????? ?????? ?? ????? ????? ?????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ????? ?? ?? ??????. ??? ? ?? ??????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ??????? ?????? ????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????
rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>1staid4  teargas >>> panic producing calm deal  occupywallstrtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlookie bad piggy >>  fuckyounypd <<for  oppulsegit eeet   opesr  ourwallstreet  endthefed >>  occupythefed via  a99shields  blackflagmilitia  anonymousrtgiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsegiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulse“live wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>>>> occupywallstreet <<<<<< time.      opwallstreet  cnn  bbc  cbs  abc>>> interview chris hedges <<<   please watch <<<      ourwallstreet  ows  takebackwallstreet>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viausdor  takewallstreet>>> occupywallstreet <<<    list << please <<<        opwallstreet  usdor>>> michel moore <<< watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usadorthaxs >>>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usador>>>> occupywallstreet <<<<     takebackwallstreet  usdorrtheyyou rent damn join  occupywallstreet  info >>rtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rt<<<heads up>>> nyc media equipment seized.  ows crew dualcore 2.4 ghz notebook."  occupywallstreet  usdor  takethesidewalkrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtthe jets stream >> sanchez broken nose  miss time
“i pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17  thankare paying attention?  occupywallst pretty fucking big. wake please. world moving....... you?i tech guru  rtpretty personality test york times. you?hey pretty one. smile camera   anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfortrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17not all. article  unbiased. yes pretty absurd system live absurd.  usdordon nypd rti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtthat pretty nails facebook  twitter  rti pretty anime kino journey smart citiesthanks  pretty ll tomorrow  tonight.rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17also pretty ve lost weight week  occupywallstreet madness. barely able eat  save activism  dronypd beating demonstrators baby seals little news coverage  pretty sad outrage?rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtsaudi women able vote drive. unless chaperoned polls able vote. pretty patheticrtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrobots extract coolant refrigerators   green  recycling pun intended  pretty coolrtthat pretty nails facebook  twitter  rt"pretty soon poor poor eat rich"  favoritesign  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet

sheila "well   jamesjoyce broke rules."   joelle zois "battles  censors legendary"nyt cftc proposed rules critics actually encourage speculation commodities markets.investor "the governments rule world  goldman sachs rules world"   occupyamerica  takewallstreet  usdorrtexclusive photos day 8  occupywallstreet park rules arrestsrtbbc speechless trader tells truth "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"      takewallstreetarchitecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesny times art news architecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules via verde  i...via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules   nytimes.com“frightening.  mainstream coverage  occupywallstreet” mainstream media bed wall st. twitter too. $ rulesrtchompsky rules  noam chomsky announces  solidarity  occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtarchitecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesrt"the rich rules poor; borrows slave lender." prov 22.7  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsexclusive photos day 8  occupywallstreet park rules arrests   protest  americartchompsky rules  noam chomsky announces  solidarity  occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtso now... obvious goldman rules world  conspiracy theorist now? lol  cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  canpoli  cndpolidtn usa architecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules via verde  sou...speechless  trader "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtoccupywallstreet  ows rt"governments don’t rule world  goldman sachs rules world"   p2  p2caarchitecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules via verde  south bronx ...rtso now... obvious goldman rules world  conspiracy theorist now? lol  cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  canpoli  cndpolirtbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse "goldman sachs rules world"?? =/   occupywallstreet  cdnpoli
rtmonday announcement <>. rtjay headline concert barclays centerrtoccupywallstreet slideshow   nypd fail <> shame@ <>   nypdfailrtplease retweet  occupywashington coming america oct 6  <>  >  occupywallstreet  occupywallstnycrtmichael moore speech liberty square <>   occupywallstreet <> video <>   ajenglish  cbs  abc  msnbc  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreetrtrtfirst demand money government.  occupywallst <> mean? do?rtmichael moore speech liberty square <>   occupywallstreet <> video <>   ajenglish  cbs  abc  msnbc  takewallstreet“what matter texas?  <> plus refused debate. now.rtmichael moore speech liberty square <>   occupywallstreet <> video <>   ajenglish  cbs  abc  msnbc  takewallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreetrtslow motion macing kettled  occupy/wallstreet protesters pepper sprayed eyes nypd white shirt <>rtaction items  updated w/ medical instructions  occupywallstreet action <>rtupdate 9 action items added  help  occupywallstreet? medical supplies <>   dailykos  dkosrtplease retweet  occupywashington coming america oct 6  <>  >  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreetrtmichael moore speech liberty square <>   occupywallstreet <> video <>   ajenglish  cbs  abc  msnbc  takewallstreetrtupdate 9 action items added  help  occupywallstreet? medical supplies <>   dailykos  dkosrtrtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreet
nyt ubs chief executive oswald j. grübel resigned  "rogue trading" scandal cost swiss bank $2.3 billion.17 indicted cops reject plea deals tix fix city cops indicted bronx ticket fixing scandal rejec...rtthe solyndra scandalticket fixing scandal nypd cops  recordings17 indicted cops reject plea deals tix fix city cops indicted bronx ticket fixing scandal rejec...rtcharges cops tix fix scandalrtthe solyndra scandalrtthe solyndra scandalrtthe solyndra scandalticket fixing scandal nypd cops  racist talk caught wiretap recordingsceo solyndra brian harrison  former head intel nm:"krugman solyndra scandal+1 “the solyndra scandalis scandal  many? decide.the phony solyndra scandalrtthe solyndra scandalpaul krugman    solyndra scandal bad it?krugman   solyndra scandalrtthe solyndra scandalrtthe solyndra scandalrtthe solyndra scandalrtgreat  cut bs  column byon faux solyndra  scandal
rtrtwax poetic bout separation leg  exec  jud powers.  owned fickle disloyal incom… (cont)its time dat demand publicly owned notforprofit run banks evry  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupytogether  occupylartwhy isn  teaparty  occupywallst? oh  right. 100% corporate owned  entirely wall st bidding....  p2this >>absolutely owned  nypd unprovoked beatdowns  unionsquare  occupywallstreet   p2  usdorrtwhy isn  teaparty  occupywallst? oh  right. 100% corporate owned  entirely wall st bidding....  p2rtobama talks game. 100% owned wall street .get clue people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtone reasons  occupywallstreet speak ourselves & don corporate owned politicians speakingoccupywallstreet supports police officers benefits corporate owned congressrtthis >>absolutely owned  nypd unprovoked beatdowns  unionsquare  occupywallstreet   p2  usdoryou owned corporations challenged  occupywallstreet protestors  won cover storyrtcongress bill giveaway 50 million acres public owned wildlands oil gas & mining    oct6  usdor  p2  p21rtwax poetic bout separation leg  exec  jud powers.  owned fickle disloyal incom… (cont)rtyou cut prosperity nice piece aboutkudos family owned bizrtcnn & fox covering  takewallstreet  owned corporations.rtwe wax poetic separation leg exec powers.  owned disloyal entrenched interests.   usdorfrightening covered corporate owned news. truths withheld.  occupywallstreet"you cut prosperity." nice article aboutkudos family owned bizrtanything bad happened fault corrupt banker owned police.  usdor  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetcongress bill giveaway 50 million acres public owned wildlands oil gas & mining    oct6  usdor  p2  p21rtobama talks game. 100% owned wall street .get clue people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtsad rights frowned infringed swore uphold constitution. heads nyc.  takewallstreet
rtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet2thingsiknow   occupywallstreet corporate greed  takewallstreet government coruption. (in countries)  rtrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe constitution guarantee fair play corporations  banks countries  usdor  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetpolice brutality countries anymore  rtrtoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnow time ppl 2 2 aid countries.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyla  occupyphoenix  occupynolartpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt62 5 countries 3 continents welcome  >occupywallstreetkochs $ gdp 48 countries;  elizabethwarren defending  middleclass   occupywallstreet  buffettaxthe koch bros. money gdp 48 countries world  classwarrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtpolice brutality  countries anymore occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetjust watched theoccupywallstreet videos. nypd aggressive. usa blames countries allowing protestsrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.rtforgiving student loan debt provide immediate jolt economy.   occupywallstreet  occupylacould boycott economy day? buy  respond  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  arrests protesters   wallstreet  bankers crashed economy  08.  usdorrtrt0 actual criminals destroyed world economy arrested wall st. 100+ peacefu… (cont)rtnew york police viavideos unnecessary force peaceful protestors. pay economy crashes?sick economy americans neglect health 48% americans skimped hea...rtrt  demand resource based economy    occupywallstreet  generalassembly  sept17rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobschinese economy signs growth slowing (nyt)rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2in economy  don understand whykeeps airing elitist segments lavish nyc homes. obnoxious & change channel... gov bailout banks wasted? improve economy  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.rtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtny atty eric schneiderman "the markets didn crash paying teachers."  occupywallst  economy  secfailrt¿llega el carajillo starbucks?  ("some restaurant chains bottle rough economy")rt20 reasons millions americans age 30 giving u.s. economy     occupywallstreet  usdor
rtnypd chasing runaway horse  incident control  horse stopped @ 115th & riverside >only in.. guess happens everywherethis isht reads scene law & o_orthudson river @ w.95st  nypd scene w/dead body floater riversexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...rtwe re 600+ strong  riverfronttimes article  occupystl movement   occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  stl  missourirt"manhattan hudson river west 95 st nypd scene dead body floater river. harbor enroute body removal.hole 14beautifuldaycharitygolf  hudsonriverrttaxi driver london  england united  occupywallstreet   takewallstreeton 18th  takewallstreet trended  19th  ourwallstreet whihc trendedrtarts | jersey ‘much ado nothing’ river theater   reviewwonder running. mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse   horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.sebastian vettel won ninth race winning drivers  title  wit...oh  house rtnice rthudson river west 95 st nypd scene ... (more)sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...rtrtgrieved mom urges hit & run driver selfprivate school fights tutoring firm tactic followfor york breaking news headlines. riverda...rtcaptain window "any arresting officers?" driver "there arresting/witness officers prisoners"[nyt world] world briefing | middle east  saudi_arabia  female driver sentenced lashingwtf rt“manhattan hudson river west 95 st  nypd scene dead body floater (cont)rti passed flyers  riverside  california today.  here.   occupywallstreet  occupyla  mediablackout
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetnypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspectwhere ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests lol“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetrtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetbronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards stabing. fdny 2nd alarm fire location.new aqueduct casino thumbs computerized nose ny gambling lawshave mega corporations world  law ? visit  share opinion.following  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info41staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherein speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetnypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ..."nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestoccupywallst wallstreet hell poors finish   nd protest  usartdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtfilm examines challenging economics facing teachershelp  occupywallstreet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool. ride   takewallstreet  ourwallstreethelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreet
rtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreet"it wail st."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsoccupy seuraa yhdysvaltain vallankumousta täällä  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsfuhgeddaboud  plea deal  17 cops indicted ticket fixing rocco parascandola  kevin deutsch and...rtpolice macing people wall street protest threat   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?rtif human  1 20 chance american.  prisoner  1 4 chance american.rticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet    usdor  takewallstreetrtbrooklyn city councilman charles barron protest ga mtg:"stop & frisk wall st.arrest real criminals wall st"rtjay headline concert barclays centerhuge ad bus stop girls 7th birthday 86th lexington bus stop.  uphoto<iamnoone> read slashdot.org   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolifor android users  cure itunes withdrawalrthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetrtwatch (video) chris hedges power elite “very  frightened"   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrthere list alec corporatertessential read by. nytimes mexico social media information survivalrt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   ows
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarert3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rteuro zone death triprtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetamy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynowrtplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleaserthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinin speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetjust reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  read“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetneedsoftheoccupiers needed?michael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreet12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet
nypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingnypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspectstephen exec director interviewed cheryl willisrtfilm examines challenging economics facing teachersrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallst vialadies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...rtrtwax poetic bout separation leg  exec  jud powers.  owned fickle disloyal incom… (cont)rtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediasuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...rtrtexcessive force nypd sickening.  please stay safe stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtdo expect corporate media report folks protestin… (cont)rtforgiving student loan debt provide immediate jolt economy.   occupywallstreet  occupylartgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallroflmao "the exercises classified"nypd  & codes explained     occupywallstreetbbc teletext (tv text news) finally acknowledges  occupywallstreet.rtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articlen3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopn3kkid  occupywallst spokesmodel   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  sgp
protesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet calls 4 arrest / imprisoment serial abuser  nypd pig bologna  takewallstreet  libertysquare“three rabbis hike 15 miles brooklyn bronx weekly lead synagoguertaclu ?know yr rights  2 re stopped police  immig  fbi   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ridertiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestny times article makes brief mention fbi investigating  occupywallstreet august.  takewallstreetcheck akoo fb thursday exclusive announcementrtmorning ny  people waking ny camping night.    takewallstreetthe protests continue wall streetnews   bed intruder  ... antoine dobson ... arrested  ... again.  negro  target heads       fbrtlike   video  occupy wall street peaceful female protesters penned street  “maced”red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bosto....have covered  occupywallstreet ?rtcentral hub occupy   fb pagertnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.even cleared crimes stay fbi watch list  procedures drew fire civil li...rtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsstay strong peaceful  occupywallstreet          theworldiswatching  parisnofear  15m  15o  sept17  takewallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17greece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetmichael moore live  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleasertjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinrtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet retweetrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremeltdown   crashed world   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvictim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolihappen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousrtplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleasertjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinin speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerpatrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursjust reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  read
rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhereamy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynowin speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerrtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreeti remeber tht nypd bluejust reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  read“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetrtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersrtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viadhs chemicals biological response unit wearing anonymous maskanthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetoccupywallst real democracy street    change    usa  tunisieplease  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetkeep date  generalassembly york city.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.
“three rabbis hike 15 miles brooklyn bronx weekly lead synagoguenypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...rtrtdogs brazil  viadogs brazil  rentand movin… (cont)took 2/3 line 96 bklyn. 5 train w/lots delays. exited atlantic bus. w“anonymous 3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet  viablog”rticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet    usdor  takewallstreetrt amazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <guest10558> hope time (cont)nyt "not smart cities:"  pegasus holdings build medium size town nm desert populated entirely robots.bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  (cont)rt amazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtthere  occupywallstreet story brutal arrests. press look closer.rtwatch (video) chris hedges power elite “very  frightened"   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetrt"fdny keeping  nyc safe. examplehave willing pay content?rtoped news teamsters report local joining  occupywallstreet 16   globalrevolution  usdor  democracy  icumi  p2rtsupport  anonymous  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  globalrevolution  sept17  tomalabolsa  oplighthousertsupport  anonymous  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  globalrevolution  sept17  tomalabolsa  oplighthousertsupport  anonymous  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  globalrevolution  sept17  tomalabolsa  oplighthousertsupport  anonymous  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  globalrevolution  sept17  tomalabolsa  oplighthouse
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrteuro zone death triprtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolihappen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylaplease update soon  terriblertmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchin
rtbrooklyn city councilman charles barron protest ga mtg:"stop & frisk wall st.arrest real criminals wall st"rtrt0 actual criminals destroyed world economy arrested wall st. 100+ peacefu… (cont)rton hand wall street criminals nypd behaving thugs. hand  jesus hate hippies.rtcrimesourcing  crime service & data criminals startup employees (via):...rtfirst survivor  sextrafficking prostitution convictions dropped. victims criminalsrtwe replace wall street prison camp financial criminals.  occupywallstreet  wallstreet  takewallstreetrtreal criminals impede natural birth peaceful protest & speech.  occupywallstreet  usdorrtonly criminals feel silence speak evil.  nypd  occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreetrtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsrt “woman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalswe replace wall street prison camp financial criminals.  occupywallstreet  wallstreet  takewallstreetrt0 actual criminals destroyed world economy arrested wall st. 100+ peacefu… (cont)rtfirst survivor  sextrafficking prostitution convictions dropped. victims criminalsrtonly criminals feel silence speak evil.  nypd  occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreetrtlast time checked  ones brought batons & guns peaceful protest.who real criminals here? expect usnot  ken  excellent point. criminals  protected. nypd ready kill them.rtsept17 idiots saying protestors jobs:it job rid criminals ruining country  and..its easynato  support continues kill civilians  libya. stop  war  stop killing people  don criminals   usdorrton hand wall street criminals nypd behaving thugs. hand  jesus hate hippies.rtthis canada own  occupycanada movement. educational institutions endorse war criminals   cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  cheneyagreed won bad ones anthony bologna  defend own criminals
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquareplease update soon  terriblertmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimert“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleasertplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetyou flash mob lobby bank america buildingnypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspectrtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.meltdown   crashed world   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolihappen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylaplease update soon  terriblertmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreet
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimerti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinamy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynowrtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.america yawns  world wakes up. salute america aware.you flash mob lobby bank america buildingjust reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  readwhere ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests lollooking   occupyamericapolice brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetlive stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetrtvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestoccupywallstreet fuck obama administration nd richs    usa fuck police york  usa  newyork  sep17rtfilm examines challenging economics facing teachershey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreetcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet
govs don’t rule world goldman sachs trader  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   p2rtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediartthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetn3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopn3kkid  occupywallst spokesmodel   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst spokesgenious   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocrajoni mitchell n3kkid  occupywallst ijit   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcotanyone notice  occupywallst odd foreign flavour?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  phnm  p21occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21from pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21teaparty &  occupywallst t/won establishment squeal.  delivery  immigration  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnm  p2n3kkid  occupywallst jonimitchell occupies  despite smoker   nsfw  p2  teaparty  tcot  sgprtmubarak style police crackdown wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  tcotrtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2rttwitterswarm   media contact sheet call demand cover  occupywallstreet  =  p21  p2  news  lgbtrtoccupy wall street raging grannies support liberty plaza | suite101.com   p2  ows  usdorrtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousmichael moore live  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetamy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynowrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetpatrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinhey bros   usdor?snooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s..."adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrteuro zone death triprtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreet
rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>please update soon  terriblertmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrteuro zone death triprtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetgreece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreet
rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtchilling photos police protesters clashing  occupywallstreet.police crack  occupy wall street  protests  viarthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...rtnypd pins  mace peaceful female protesters pls      takewallstreetrtrtpoverty america  //  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  ows"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreet  occupychi  occ ...rtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrt “judge lawsuit filed utility wake 9/11 "far fetched"  oh wellooh  ouch. care injured careful yourselves.rtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtoccupywallstreetdumb activism worse activism.rtif human  1 20 chance american.  prisoner  1 4 chance american.rt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable."  john f. kennedy  occupywallstreetrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblyrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assembly
stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstperry own troy davis headacherttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetsnooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s...occupywallstreet  occupywallstpolice brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...power people plse share aroundrtnypd answerrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet propane conversion kit honda eu200i generator. provide this?  usdorrtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetoccupywallst meaning life stop stupid consumer nd protest wallstreetrtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops home
rtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.they poster board  markers poster sticks atpic cardboard cutout justin beiber front rep. mike pence office day.  uphotortthis happening.   grassrootsbillboard  graffiti  occupywallstreet.rtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viartnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viatheeditorial board supports calls lives  laws campaign. read editorialrteverything chicago  lawyers board  cop issues movement growingrtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.former sallie mae board whistle blows  studentloandebt ~corruption~tlot  tcot  occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  obama2012theeditorial board supports calls lives  laws campaign. read editorialparent trigger law parents real power schools fail  convert ... buffalo  school board me...rtlook publius   publius powerful. ride share board fo...   sept17  revolutionrtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viase estrella avión con 19 personas en nepal "plane 19 people board crashes nepalkeep board bro. :)rtjust spoke community board 1 offered info 4 residents ...rtrtlook publius  publius powerful. ride share board ...mtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.rtjust spoke community board 1 offered info 4 residents concerns/questions. ...rtlast day catch special nostalgia train. hbo promotes season ii boardwalk empire. (cont)
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolihappen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylaplease update soon  terriblertmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17
rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsamy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynowrtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.rtdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedrtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsi support of.  ? is; change blood? don 99% wil… (cont)rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   tomalabolsa  ourwallstreetrtforgiving student loan debt provide immediate jolt economy.   occupywallstreet  occupylartmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthcould boycott economy day? buy  respond  occupywallstreetn3kkid  occupywallst jonimitchell occupies  despite smoker   nsfw  p2  teaparty  tcot  sgprt?? ????? ?????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?????? ????  viartwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardholy shitrt"rtmy report foronand mass arrests.   occupywallstreetrtrtas uniformed public servant  commend  occupywallstreet protesters  nyc… (cont)rtok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstdank  wlf express grattitude all. wonderful loving group; bond break
"eat bankers" occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquartwsj "bankers  protesters  ones arrested  occupywallstreet" vi am surprised inwsj  "bankers  protesters  ones arrested on"in china throw bankers prisonsoccupywallstreet  arrests protesters   wallstreet  bankers crashed economy  08.  usdorrta request   occupywallstreet protesters chorus sing rolling deep adele cops & bankers?perfect protest song   ourwallstreetiwilloccupy am sick bankers 100 millions 16% americans live below poverty levels  occupywallsteet  usdorrt.in 2010 goldman sachs bankers received $15.3 billion bonuses  feed hungry person planet.  occupywallstreetrtyou straight   obama received money wall street bankers .  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetp2rt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rtrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtus bankers set record pay bonuses   occupywallst  occupywallstreet  nypdwsj "bankers  protesters  ones arrested  occupywallstreet" vrt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rtrthow wall street bankers arrested..// threw trashcans pizza vendors windows?  p2rt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rt"eat bankers" occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysqua
msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "thertunfortunately nypd holding bad ones.did know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtgiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsertpolicestate  policestate  policestatertdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtrtrtoccupywallst picture pbs correspondent arrestedrtimportant  legal sheet | nyc assembly     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  povertyrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.yankees add woesox misery 6 2 loss day freddy garcia staked claim post season rotation ...twitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street   occupywallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  abc  nbc  pbs  nprrtthese terrorists ve training for. nyt  nypd "overpreparation" caused violence.occupywallstreetrtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.new infrastructure spending necessity bridges  trains airports ... funding fe...rtcity classroom james franco  n.y.u. film teacherrtplans attend  occupywallstreet week. awesome   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyhelp  occupywallstreet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool. ride   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowteaparty &  occupywallst t/won establishment squeal.  delivery  immigration  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnm  p2rtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetbe careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.dank  wlf express grattitude all. wonderful loving group; bond breakrtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupierssad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.news finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay th...rthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersi understand  will.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet viaso beautiful.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe movement alive well. gotta start starting now.  occupywallstreet  freedomrtit shame re nyc cops garbage removal.. tight budget..  usdor  usdayofrage  occupywallstreeti <3 twitter breaks 3rd shift @ :) rtal...love color illustration s. fresh beautiful.so corprations ppl...time 4 citizens arrest  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  occupydallas

rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012my hometown. sad. reason  occupywallstreetreading  pa.  tops list poverty listrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012can tix this? jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012can tix 2 this?jay plans eightconcert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012libyan fighters renew attack qaddafi’s hometown ...jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012ahh jealous   “jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarert.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tort“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinyou flash mob lobby bank america buildingrtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupierspolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetrtpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetmsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "theiran religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  francertchilling photos police protesters clashing  occupywallstreet.rtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.poliisi hyökkäsi wall streetilla  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  nypd
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleaserthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinin speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetlive stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetwatch video      occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet   libertysquare
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rtplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleasertjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallst occupy wall street life poor hell    usa  newyorkoccupywallst meaning life stop stupid consumer nd protest wallstreetoccupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usaoccupywallst difference tunisian police dictature nd york police :nothing protecting richsiran religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  francertdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtconsensus met designating shifts throughout night  getting vehicles sleep  occupychirtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)rtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendment1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetgreece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetrtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursjust reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  readrtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)rtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersneedsoftheoccupiers needed?rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viartdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...occupywallst real democracy street    change    usa  tunisieoccupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usartoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.rtdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevised
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetplease update soon  terriblertnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetperry own troy davis headachertheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.hey bros   usdor?the price cheap  food | disinformation  /nytimesrtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursnypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoing
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march"adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viapolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare"it wail st" ny daily news front page     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"it wail st" ny daily news front page    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpolice brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtmany awake  asleep  libertypark... spectacle tourists. stop speak w/us...  occupywallstreetbe careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.uhhhh....nothing say......rtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowtonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet<hamhouke> lawerance msnbc offer bologna task. occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtsound permit submitted. check.  nypd drag feet it?  occupywallstreet  sep17pgh perk. "alcohol movie theater?   newyorkcity"rtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>yes..oppportunist cornel west..full cat left stairs & ain spilled milk..attention getting creeprt. china  india building 4  coal fired power plants week.rttakewallstreet nypd afraid terrorists wall st.  wait mon.morning work.rt<<<heads up>>> nyc media equipment seized.  ows crew dualcore 2.4 ghz notebook."  occupywallstreet  usdor  takethesidewalkrtneedsoftheoccupiersrtmaalox liquid? freezer bags?? ziplocks work. (hospital)rtnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetbk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  (cont)rtwe met unexpected resistance twitter facebook. confirmed de trended  occupywallstreet.
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolihappen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst
rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtyes for&organizing nonviolent protests wall street.  enoughalready  occupywallstrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsmtgetting ready  nycutshurt press conference  nyc today. parents tell real story.rtrtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtgrandmothers getting ready riot. riot mean knit.  occupywallstreetrtrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneon oct. 6th  wearing clean suit dress heels  ready raise hell people  occupydallas  takewallstreet  usdorrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupierspepper spraying confined people?   occupywallstreetrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsthey don obey unconstitutional  supreme court ruled it. inform them
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetin speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetnypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspectrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...rtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet retweetrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycdhs chemicals biological response unit wearing anonymous maskrtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...power people plse share aroundrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17
rta recap events saturday  occupywallstreet   ows .... americans == proud & powerless....is associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsrtplease send times locations events listed   ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetoccupy together   hub events springing solidarity  occupywallstrtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtanyone post events craigslist help recruit locally? 99%ers check that.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   owsrtlive coverage  occupywallstreet  corporate media ignores protest  reader supported news reports eventsrtplease send times locations events listed   ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetnew york free cheap events  9/26/2011 cathy ezzonew york live music nyc latin events  &   ny ... 55 york live music nyc latin event...rtsolidarity events happening country. peaceful protest near   occupywallstreetrt  takewallstreet  ows   globalrevolution   culture  app  events  filmmaker  ecohas posted photos  occupywallstreet events. definitely worth lookrtthere  occupywallstreet type events plannedrtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.events  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.we rent  libertyplaza  brookfieldproperties events  email rentals.com details.  yeahright  owsrta recap events saturday  occupywallstreet   ows .... americans == proud & powerless....the 6 events  nycwff 2011 according sounds lunchisschecter  rteyewitness wall street:report “ occupy wall street”  protest ...

finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyplease update soon  terriblertmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousmichael moore live  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhereamy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynowrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...
rtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet retweetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetkukaan ei voi ennustaa vallankumousta  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsstudents  knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  study|npr| dozens arrested   occupywallstreet  protest     usdor ourwallstreet takewallstreet tahrir ny nj dw uk gb eu tx| sport| patrick makau sets  world record  berlin     nj dc uk gb kenya dw malawi nigeria ethiopia la europe tx|cnn| wall street protests enter 11th day    la egypt ourwallstreet usdor occupywallstreet ny nyc nj usa dw uk gb europertanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionamazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  libertyplaza  occupywallstreet  antibanksrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycrtup 5 people hit pepper spray 12th st. & 5th ave. yesterdayrevolution tv   occupywallstnyc    nolesvotes   rvolution  kukutzarevolution  occupywallstnyc    kukutzartslap msm patronizing dismissal  occupywallstreet covering tea party eating denny h...occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <undercover88> uk people awesome<> news  media   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<hamhouke> lawerance msnbc offer bologna task. occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<hamhouke>    occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<hamhouke> lawrence legitimate tear msnbc  maddow.   occupywallstreet  occupywallst (cont)rtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression
"it wail st" ny daily news front page     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"it wail st" ny daily news front page    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtoccupywallstreet front page theoccupywallstreet  owsrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17........can front camera ...?  freedom park ? ..rtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rttoday sfront page wail st.rt "today sfront page wail st.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetpic cardboard cutout justin beiber front rep. mike pence office day.  uphoto<kfalkenberg_> front page guardian     occupywallstreet  occupywallst (cont)rtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtwe re 600+ strong  riverfronttimes article  occupystl movement   occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  stl  missourirtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtoct6 meet pikes park  occupythefed  solidarity brothers sisters front line  occupywallstreet“video  nyc  troydavis march confronts  nypd  occuppywallstreetrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleaserthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinhey bros   usdor?rtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours
please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetmn 8 av & 125 st. building collapse w/ victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ems req scene rush. 2 nypd rpt inj. /1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallstrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?from pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpmuslims:"let irvine 11" warning jews freedom speech hecklers belief jewish judges w/no muslim benchrtmany awake  asleep  libertypark... spectacle tourists. stop speak w/us...  occupywallstreetis  oppaparazzi underway? don armed guardians banksters (  nypd)  bully w/o video evidence it.  occupywallstreetrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionplease updated. trying plan commute w/small children.took 2/3 line 96 bklyn. 5 train w/lots delays. exited atlantic bus. wflood nypd w/ calls em busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  libertyplaza  antiwar  antibanksrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesi  occupywallstreet (liberty plaza  broadway liberty street  manhattan) w/ 2brother west  words thegeneral assembly  spirited & beautiful sign solidarity w/real folksthis isht reads scene law & o_orthudson river @ w.95st  nypd scene w/dead body floater riverrtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"from 1 income hhs w/ pensions + living wages 2 incomes  401ks ws trashed  stagnant wages  ugetbonuseswegetscraps  takewallstreet7pm pershing sq sunday 9/25/11  occupyla gaoccupywallstreet  taxation w/o representation
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarerthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinpatrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ..."adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?police brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetdhs chemicals biological response unit wearing anonymous mask20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarezachary chesser  threatened south park creators   viapower people plse share aroundrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksoccupywallst real democracy street    change    usa  tunisieoccupywallst difference tunisian police dictature nd york police :nothing protecting richsrtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.casi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreetwall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform   occupywallstreetcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet
greece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetlive stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & loseoccupywallstreet  series tv  nypdboosbbc teletext (tv text news) finally acknowledges  occupywallstreet.un laboratoire secret inventé la révolution du 17 septembre.  (bd de slim)  algérie  algeria  sept17  toutvabien85 arrested  occupywallstreet protest   takewallstreet  ows  antibanks  libertysquare  antiwarwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   ows  antibanks~ massive msm tv occupied greece protestors ~ nyc     ows  occupywallstreet  libertyplazarevolution tv   occupywallstnyc    nolesvotes   rvolution  kukutzarevolution  occupywallstnyc    kukutzartthe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallst>>> occupywallstreet <<<<<< time.      opwallstreet  cnn  bbc  cbs  abcrtoccupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morningit tonight  world news tonight 2 min   nydailynews times slanted.thaxs >>rtart samberg   wallstreetcrooksthis deal.. = mc²  peaceeinsteinrtnypd spraying women chemical weapons street disrupt peaceful assembly   occupywallstreetrtapakahdanakan memuat berita   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy ? ;)man  juuust bought tv watch days. ll try
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetamerica yawns  world wakes up. salute america aware.rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours
anthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...rtoccupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morningfyi  eeuu gov. chris christie political fans guessingrt.cowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetcuomo begins process lay 3 500 gov. cuomo process lay 3 500 workers tuesday night afte...cuomo announces ibm  intel deal albany    gov. cuomo announced tuesday  led intel ibm will...my fav. author doubt  paulo coelho discusses  aleph   noveloccupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morningladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...off label h.i.v. medications catalyst controversycuomo announces ibm  intel deal albany    gov. cuomo announced tuesday  led intel ibm will...obama tell black leaders  stop complaining  rev. alsure  nypd sent notices media saying notice leave forced tonight. abc7tv. spread word.rt.cowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetobama tell black leaders  stop complaining  rev. ali filed complaint mayor bloomberg nypd cop anthony v. bologna spraying defenseless female protestors pepper spray.nygov.  cuomo  pef contract reconsider | york daily news
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolihappen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylaplease update soon  terriblertmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17
rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsplease update soon  terriblert. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17michael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ..."adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?rtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)rtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersneedsoftheoccupiers needed?rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarerti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetmeltdown   crashed world   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetpolice riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24video collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvictim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreeticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetwatch video      occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet   libertysquarertpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrteuro zone death triprtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreet
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolihappen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>please update soon  terriblertmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreet
rt"i believe banking institutions dangerous liberties standing armies"   t.jefferson  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrt18th century ideas. 19th century institutions. 21 century problems. totalitarian future.  conconconrtthis canada own  occupycanada movement. educational institutions endorse war criminals   cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  cheneyrt"i believe banking institutions dangerous liberties standing armies"   t.jefferson  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrt"i believe banking institutions dangerous liberties standing armies"   t.jefferson  takewallstreet  occupywallstreethow these.... mean private institutions  :( ugh   makes blood boil..this canada own  occupycanada movement. educational institutions endorse war criminals   cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  cheneyrt"i believe banking institutions dangerous liberties standing armies"   t.jefferson  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthis canada own  occupycanada movement. educational institutions endorse war criminals   cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  cheneyrtthis canada own  occupycanada movement. educational institutions endorse war criminals   cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  cheneyrtthis canada own  occupycanada movement. educational institutions endorse war criminals   cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  cheneyrtthis canada own  occupycanada movement. educational institutions endorse war criminals   cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  cheneyrt"i believe banking institutions dangerous liberties standing armies"   t.jefferson  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrt"i believe banking institutions dangerous liberties standing armies"   t.jefferson  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetlobbying institutionalized bribery.   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtthis canada own  occupycanada movement. educational institutions endorse war criminals   cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  cheneyadvice toprotestors   don occupy institutions  build own   occupywallstreetrt"i believe banking institutions dangerous liberties standing armies"   t.jefferson  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtlobbying institutionalized bribery.   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtideology save us.  stable institutions will.  usdorrtopesr demands 2add2  occupywallstreet group:reform financial institutions 6/14/12 & resignation ben bernanke fed

rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursrtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.rtrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...rtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetmn 8 av & 125 st. building collapse w/ victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ems req scene rush. 2 nypd rpt inj. /rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica1staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtdo expect corporate media report folks protestin… (cont)rtfixed link "the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet " arun guptartoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetoccupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21
guardianin raportti wall streetin lauantaista  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owspolice crack  occupy wall street  protests  viartthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtrtoccupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   occupywallstreetis  oppaparazzi underway? don armed guardians banksters (  nypd)  bully w/o video evidence it.  occupywallstreetpolice crack  occupy wall street  protests  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet<kfalkenberg_> front page guardian     occupywallstreet  occupywallst (cont)rt.for guardian anonymous emerged  occupywallstreet   usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorpolice crack  occupy wall street  protests  viaoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet  pepper spray  officer previously named anti war bush protest claim  ourwallstreetrta article  occupywallstreet. guardian   anonymous  takewallstreetrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtpolice violent  occupywallstreet protests | guardian  ht>nypdrtthe guardian discusses nasty  nypd tactics yesterday police crack wall street protests spread   owsrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtpolice crack wall street protests spread* nypd   york police department   transformation * nysgp   york sacred guardian police * aptrtpolice violent  occupywallstreet protests | guardian  ht>nypd
rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rr"brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm"rtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm  brooklynwtf rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmahh nyc rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmfugitive  rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm“brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm”rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm |lmaorthey tony bologna  feel infamous? ll seeing court...  occupywallstreet  coward  owslol niice. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.brooklyn 360 adams st   prisoner escaped supreme court. level 1 mobilziation regards.brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrt2 months jail taking pic court.  danger society?  respect  rule law ... fine.… (cont)rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmlmao rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm
updated – nypd deputy inspector anthony bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance   viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna  public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna  public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna  public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  via
occupywallstreet urgent 2 honda 2000i generators propane conversion kits asap    pls  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet urgent 2 honda 2000i generators propane conversion kits asap    pls  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetwe definitely media supplies   multiple generators  servers  racks  usb drives  directional wifi  etcrtoccupywallstreet urgent 2 honda 2000i generators propane conversion kits asap    pls  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupynola planning bringing generators electronics charged? maximum independent media coverage.  usdoroccupynola planning bringing generators electronics charged? maximum independent media coverage.  usdorrtoccupywallstreet urgent 2 honda 2000i generators propane conversion kits asap    pls  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgeek  washington "my lord  ve reached main power generators"rtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtoh rtbreaking news  nypd takes generators  owsrtay ay ay  yo losto el powerder  thingo yo tengo niftygeneratorsrtusted wrong. yo didn stealo los generators. soy que occupying   occupadocallewallwassuup? rturgent   police forceably removed generators  shame   ows  nycrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtnypd removed generators  ows camp hours snow started fallrtsuch bullshit rtnypd removed generators  ows camp hours snow started fallrtusted wrong. yo didn stealo los generators. soy que occupying   occupadocallewallrtwe replacement generators.  nypd  bio diesel   needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtas snow falls york  bloomberg confiscates generators fuel heat  food  media.   owsrt"nypd removed generators  ows camp hours snow started fall  **awesome tactic  lol
nyt dotearth blog lessons fire stricken texasdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasrtdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia texas ...   climate  environmentdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasrtdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texaslessons fire stricken texas   nytimes.com  (via)dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia texas  fire risk follows ...dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia texas  fire risk follows ...john lackey text message report divorce cancer stricken wife  blows   york daily ne..lessons fire stricken  texas   nytimes     climate  weather  disaster  droughtlessons fire stricken texas australia  (from) & california  (statesman)green dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia to...   nyt  littlebearprodrtdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasrtjohn lackey text message report divorce cancer stricken..dot earth lessons fire stricken texas australia texas  fire risk follows...  (nature)green dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia to...   nyt  littlebearprod[nyt] dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia texas  fir...   enviromentgreen dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia to...   nyt  littlebearprodny times dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas
rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrthe  time release afternoon  30  occupywallstreet protesters held.rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreeta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetfrightening covered corporate owned news. truths withheld.  occupywallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people held. taking rest food  libertyplaza  occupywallstreet  iwwrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreet
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????? ??? ?????? ??? ? ??? ?????????? ??? ? ??????? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ??? ?????? ????? ? ??????? ??????? ??????????? ??????? ???? ???? ?????? ???? ??????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ????? ???????? ?????? ?????? ???? ????????? ?????? ???????????  ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ???????????? ???????? ????????????? ???   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally??? ???????? ???????? ????????? ?????? ??? ???? ????? ? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????????? ??????????  ??? ??? ????? ?????? ????????????? ?? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally??? ?????? ????? ??? ???????????? ? ??????  23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally??????? ??? ???? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?? ???????? ??????? ????? ??????????? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rallyrt????nyc??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????ny???????????????? ??????????. ????? :????  23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally?????????????  ???? ??? ? ????????? ????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ????? ????? ???????????  ??? ?? ???? 9 ? ???????? ???? ???? ???? :??  23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally
rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertmtsome protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responseoccupywallstreet rough day yestersday kids.  granny pissed  watching phone calls nypd brutes.rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsei learned cus words kids. yea rtare children teaching kids bad words?rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response“some readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response
rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nynews finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay th...nytimes finance minister quit russian government   aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...dtn russia finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay un...dtn usa finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay under...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government   aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay authorit...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government mr. kudrin explained saturday mr. medvedev approved a...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...kudrin  resigning  medvedev huge defense spending increase deal  no?finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay au...
rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesfinally  kill  em friendly poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesnyt fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesarticle day “small fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoes   hebu  fbrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoessmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesis toxic 2 animals bats  birds? rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicac… (cont)rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesnytimes fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoestoxic nectar kills 90% mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoes
patrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinamerica yawns  world wakes up. salute america aware.looking   occupyamericartcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtvideoraves greening & sustainability efforts   14ygreenrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  foxnews. getting secret.rtrtwax poetic bout separation leg  exec  jud powers.  owned fickle disloyal incom… (cont)rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartplease spread people groundrt“all 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nyc”rtyowas  bloomie decided comment 80 arrests yesterday nyc?  occupywallstreet &  occupyallstreetsrt?? ????? ?????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?????? ????  viartoccupywallstreet   arrests social media  violent protests  cops chaos.rtsunsalutesrtsleep wellrt"i ll understand arrest "for resisting arrest" gotta circular charge ever."  occupywallstreetcome longview texas   occupylongviewtx join usrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetweather nature preparing ya revolution progresses.  thx4hangingtough  occupywallstreetwill  plavix; roll butter too. log paw wave  ya  wlf
rt“if picture future imagine boot stamping human ever.”  george orwell  1984   occupywallstreet  bannedbooksrtgeorge wright arrested portugal 41 run; hiijacked plane .."/ smh “manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.”shit crazy rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.george clooney scolding nosy reporter  enjoy watching people ... watch george clooney...rtrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtoccupytogether  occupyearth  takewallstreet  usdor  henrygeorge company ge… (cont)...rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.sad. rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.    wahi  inwood  nycsmh rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet videosrtwe front george washington statue wall st reading  iwilloccupy tweets   sep17  egypt  weareone  wiunion  yeswecampvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.    wahi  inwood  nycrtlights george washington bridge green  {love view bridge wish purple tho }nowthis   rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.wow  rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.“manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.” < ppl this? smhremember folks  brother figment george orwell imagination.  occupywallstreet  usdor  ows  policestate  thoughtpolicertmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.    wahi  inwood  nyc
instant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ... dick weiss toledo footb...nypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...rtpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution livertaclu ?know yr rights  2 re stopped police  immig  fbi   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreetnypd sued times left track record lawyers   yours.i mom. same.  nypd lucky re suing  instead. thank it.sheila "well   jamesjoyce broke rules."   joelle zois "battles  censors legendary"“more 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdor”  oligarchy  democracyrtlikud republican alliance   wwiii scenario? launching strike  iran   israel  wwiii  usdor  syriaprotesters arrested anti wall street rally dlvr.it/mwyyr  occupywallstreet  libertysquare  takewallstreet  antibanksprotestors arrested  ows via  occupywallstreet  antibanks  antiwar  libertysquarertsept17  occupywallstreet  15m   ? top stories viartwall st. protesters visit susan sarandon  ideapakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansit insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegebreaks heart watch  jameyrodemeyer story on. imp spread  itgetsbetteri   twitter weekend following.  madskillz : )now don’t extra fees  do. hotel airline industries   to...rtreally? mtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  usinstant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ...
in speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powersaleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...calls presidentto send negotiators listen & act  occupywallstreet demands    nypd violencelisten congressman  alan greyson   alan grayson presidentare involved  sept17 manipulation president  special  adviser meguedem (& newspapers) int min daho ould kablia.  algerianoisy crowd demonstrators former u.s. vice president   antiwar  antibanks  cheney  usdor  stopthemach2011thought rtsome pushing chris christie run presidentnyt editorial "president obama’s medicare proposals:"  obama’s medicare plan starting point.poll 56% surveyed barack obama worse president  ... half surveyed p...fyi  eeuu pushing chris christie run presidentpresident obama honor 1985 chicago bears white house ... super bowl shuffle coming whit...watch heckler calls obama  antichrist  bizarre bible thumping heckler called president obama "the antic...yemeni leader makes pledge step yemen defiant president addressed troubled nation sunday ...watch heckler calls obama  antichrist  bizarre bible thumping heckler called president obama "the antic...clinton obama tax plan speech albany   former president bill clinton declared stirring speech ...haas selected presidents cup teambill clinton president barack obama tax increases rich ...not envy silently rtsurprise surprise shoking news putin run presidentrtwe re telling kids bully  presidential candidates teaching bigotry patriotism.rtdear presidentyou disappoint generation more.  people  you?  usdor“surprise  surprise   shocking news   putin run president  ?? ????)))
rtrt40+ cities join  occupywallstreet  next?? complete twitter guide:...rt40+ cities join  occupywallstreet  next?? complete twitter guideboozing movies amc serving alcohol 3 nj locations; nyc next? york (cbsnewyork) — dinner mo...boozing movies amc serving alcohol 3 nj locations; nyc next? york (cbsnewyork) — dinner mo...rtrt40+ cities join  occupywallstreet  next?? complete twitter guidertus army photographers  occupywallstreet  re wtf next? psyop training manual copyright.rtrt40+ cities join  occupywallstreet  next?? complet… (cont)rtnetwork world "what next? announcing citizen media crime?"   occupywallstreet  usdorboozing movies amc serving alcohol 3 nj locations; nyc next? york (cbsnewyork) — dinner movie include a...boozing movies amc serving alcohol 3 nj locations; nyc next? york (cbsnewyork) — dinner mo...the revolution televised growing fromto...where next?new york events boozing movies amc serving alcohol 3 nj locations; nyc next? york (cbsnewyork...rtthe revolution televised growing fromto...where next?rtnetwork world "what next? announcing citizen media crime?"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtwe mr. obama. next?  brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistanrtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?
rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiers“can send milk crates storage bins kitchen?  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiers”rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupierscan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiers
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfascinating look inside nypd counterterrorism unit cbs  60 minutesrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertphoto essay wall street—inside american occupation   occupywallstreettonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.rtcbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etrtphoto essay wall street—inside american occupation   occupywallstreetrt"from friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreetfrom inside. dare you.   restoresanity  takewallstreet  occupytheemmys ///  emmys  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz r… (cont)rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare
united continental pilots march wall street  $ual  occupywallstreet  usdor  takebackamericartpilots of& continental picketing wall st protest merger today. wonder i… (cont)rtyes   united pilots picketing wall st. uniform.   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupyla  occupyseattle  p2  1urtdenver post 700 hundred pilots demonstrated front wall street  (cont)rtpilots march wall street   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtcontinental & united pilots march wall street (protesting merger).   nypd pepper sprays holstered.airline pilots occupywallst.rtjust wasn getting hoodwinked obscure online accts   occupywallst. video pilots recordedrtunited pilots picket wall street.  occupywallst support   connecttheleft  unionmember  p2  p21  p2b  wiunionrt pilots united continental  occupywallstreetrtyes   united pilots picketing wall st. uniform.   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupyla  occupyseattle  p2  1ucontinental & united pilots march wall street (protesting merger).   nypd pepper sprays holstered.rtvyes   united pilots picketing wall st. uniform.   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupyla99% club.  rtrtpilots of& continental picketing wall st (cont)continental/united airline pilots protest assembly wall streettakewallstreet  occupywallstreet continental/united airline pilots protest assembly wall streetrtcontinental & united pilots march wall street (protesting merger).   nypd pepper sprays holstered.rtcontinental & united pilots march wall street (protesting merger).   nypd pepper sprays holstered.uh  700 united continental pilots demonstrated wall st today?  piccould wrong (on phone) found online various nyc news re 700 pilots demonstrated wall st today. story tomorrow?just wasn getting hoodwinked obscure online accts   occupywallst. video pilots recorded
rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtphoto essay wall street—inside american occupation   occupywallstreetrtbroadcasts wall street occupation  anonymous  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  susan sarandon  occupywallstreetthe day rage   sept17   beginning. tomorrow marks 1 week people occupation wall street...rtif re  occupywallstreet wish  check occupation near  movement grow last. win.rtgiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsegiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsertlegal info fr.  nlg  sept17 peaceful occupation  wallstreet   nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspolirtphoto essay wall street—inside american occupation   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet day 10 occupations federal reserve branches beginrtreuters don dismiss wall street occupation   usdor  occupywallstreet (via bpgulfleak)rtbroadcasts wall street occupation nyc  anonymous  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet   occupywallstreetrtnypd targeting photographers occupation wall street   occupywallstreet  nypd  policebrutalityrtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtcheck occupation near occupytogether.org  oct6  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  antibanksrtnypd reportedly targeting photographers occupation wall street    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtsan diego begin occupation oct 7  occupysandiego  occupationwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupyla  owslosangelesrttheunderstatementoftheyear rtthe emotional roller coaster occupation crazy  occupywallstreetrtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rtourwallstreet people starting fb occupy city planning occupations country  portland doing
rtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrt80 people arrested  occupywallstreet  protest  police "exceedingly violent"     usdor  a99  p2  policestatertrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cu… (cont)rtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreet
live stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtbritney spears slammed london town  rudeness  filming music video wake riotsrtcheck video    ampedstatus economic crisis = usa riots  via  giabo  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrttakewallstreet  patriots  occupywallstreet occupy chicago donations   please sprea… (cont)it fight fat cats nyc washington american workers patriots  occupywallstreetrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrtcheck video    ampedstatus economic crisis = usa riots  via  giabo  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtlive stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet  chicago 20 folks camping fed   eu  londonriotsecbrtarab spring  london riots ...  occupywallstreet decentralized internet.  podcast  soundcloudwell instead starting riots create jobsdear tea party phonies. half patriots claim   occupywallst protests.  tcot  p2  fraudwall st crashing elites  patriots  unitedwestand  takewallst  occupywallst  occupychicago  occupyatlrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrt.explains nyc protest possibly chance change mass riots usa   occupywallstnot arrests  reports cell service shutdowns riots week… (cont)rtrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet pic patriots chicago outside tv studioif handful tea party "patriots" gathered strip mall ohio  fox news live 24 feed.  occupywallstreetrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrtherman cain  gop candidate  hits morgan freeman 4 calling tea party  racist    tppatriots  tpe  teaparty  tcot
rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtjoin movement  everyday protesters lasalle & jacksonoccupychi  ourwallstreet  wearethe99so  wk reading(online) everyday kno  2pac "2pacalypse now" album 20yrs 11/12th?rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtjoin movement  everyday protesters lasalle & jacksonoccupychi  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreeti hope  hurts rile em  bit  cable news everydayrtlesson. media covers protest 100 cops up.... everyday..... pay attentionrt @ bpgulfleak rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtjoin movement  everyday protesters lasalle & jacksonoccupychi  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet"everyday day  spirits high"  occupywallstreetrtshow everyday fed bank sign  ready march 1 1000. believe message  occupychi  ourwallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtshow everyday fed bank sign  ready march 1 1000. believe message  occupychi  ourwallstreet
rthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetrtwhen profit privatized & loss socialized  question motives.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  antibanksrtwe coherent list goals &how intend reach goals. getting lots questions.   occupywallst  ourwallstrthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetrtf.y.i. answers questions yorkrtrt100 officers refused duty today. question  officer… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet protestors mobile (with video seemingly  questionable force police)rtquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogethergreen column questioning europe math biofuels   findings influential european scientists a...rtquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogetherchina questions 5 south koreans detained near border north (nyt)rtoccupywallstreet protestors mobile (video seemingly  questionable force police)i questions lot  takewallstreet folk offended/mad  etc.john haggerty trial raises key question bloomberg break campaign ...inspiring feel video chicago  50 people  question    favoritememorieshey  re hereto answer question  local. thestorywhat official protest song? rttweet questions 4 protesters. reporter scene answers.energy; questions remain deregulation nears.just following... ll see... questions... lots questions... spread links... eyes openrtthe media label hippies. draft statement & read it. questions. viewers decidertnotewas day am  answered reader questions viatwitter. monday too.


the price cheap  food | disinformation  /nytimesrtpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarefollowing  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info41staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreet“i heading  occupywallstreet afternoon ” news. thx keeping informed. press passes yet?the american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksawaiting info subway linesrtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtlegal info fr.  nlg  sept17 peaceful occupation  wallstreet   nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspolirtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assembly
rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousmichael moore live  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetamy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynowrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetwhere ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests lolpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetmeltdown   crashed world   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet
rtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetmy piece ny times sunday metro thertneighborhood joint| williamsburg: kcdcrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrtrt  occupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetone dark night neighborhoodrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobs

police brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetnypd cops caught dirty dancing west indian day paradertwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerwall street protests police brutality caught tape [video]   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  timertjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owsrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owsrtgood police corruption  occupywallstreet caught camera.  nwo  pigsrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owsticket fixing scandal nypd cops  racist talk caught wiretap recordings"caught camera 4 bears hang  orangecounty tree   middletownrtcaught   fugitive killer plane hijacker nabbed portugal 41 lamoccupyla welcome party  rtwhat hey ? midnight caught reading  occupywallst forums. *sigh* gnightrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerlsu football tops west virginia 41 27  capping tough overall week ... east finally caught glimmer ...rtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtunwarranted nypd brutality caught video  50    occupywallstreet protestors arrestedrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet stronger
rt"i don takes 2 imagination figure ppl doing wall street protesting"  occupywallstreetif internet kills middlemen  takes creativity survive...& thrive.just (via)"i don takes 2 imagination figure ppl doing wall street protesting"  occupywallstreetthis shit takes niggerdom levelmust read nytimes junk food cheaper? ( takes real understanding change behavior. start here.public employees federation takes slap cuomo biggest public employees  union slap...nyt takes notice vermont town shaken co op killingrtnow re talkin    ows    > rt"it takes lot courage here."  cornel west  occupywallstreet  takewallstreeti  takes lot guts protestors risking arrest & rodney king beat  occupywallstreetnewsbot nypd commissioner ray kelly takes scenes corrections commissioner allen ault writes l...blockbuster owner dish takes netflix online service movie rentalstakes load  worth wait   occupy wall street protesters maced / pepper sprayed nypd police  via???f?o?l?l?o?w????   takewallstreet  libertysquare  takestandusrttribe offers hesitation.  constitution vague ambiguous.  stakes high.  conconcon  usdorusdor rtconconcon stakes doing nothingrt???f?o?l?l?o?w????   takewallstreet  libertysquare  takestandusfrench left takes control senate results  trickling france  mark a...the revelation takes servitude freedom.   ralph waldo emerson  occupywallst  connecttheleft  goprtcops experimenting takes beat ironic smirk hipster face..  usdor  usdayofrage  occupywallstrtit evolution  peace loving pals  takes eons. revolution   immediate  aggressive change  occupywallstreetrtnote self takes 10 days break media blackout nyc  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  takebackwallstreet
this song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadeen ierse boer heeft problemen met deze outfit.   rihanna mag rustig mijn tuin een videoclip opnemenrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadcan  msm  occupywallstreet news clips mainstream press? compile. thxrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadrtcorrection  viral youtube clips rastani 750 000 views daysrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadsearch youtube ll plenty  occupywallstreet clips.the  usdor message isn managed wellclip day (or mouth lion)innovation action “videocast clip  occupywallstreet  starts 4:29   ourwallstreetrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadoccupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupyamerica  occupycanada corp media lolrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadrt2nite  goto sleep thinkin bout progress past 11 days.can describe proud am all. <3  occupywallstreetrthello  hello  hello. bill clip round ear  ole… (cont)rtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spread"flash umbrella mob" clip shot friday  posting [longer mini doc] "pre mass arrest" vid soonrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spread
rtbloomberg bully pulpit & refuses 2 fight 4  millionairestax. $4.6b cld eliminate cuts  whyrtj.p morgan donated unprecedented $4.6 million york city police foundation.   occupywallstreetj.p. morgan chase  donates  $4.6 million nypd   >   occupywallstreet  corruptionrtjpmorgan donated $4.6 million nypd. banks scared throwing money stop future.  occupywallstreetrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreet  cdnpolirtjp morgan purchases 10% stake in& nypd $4.6m  occupywallstreetrtrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd deter  occupywallstreet  corporate fascism definedjp morgan chase "donated" $4.6 million nypd. cops private army quell dissension?  owsrtplease  usdor  nypd "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet"   ericallenbell.orgrt"j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd"   occupywallstreet  usdor viartjp morgan donated $4.6 mil nypd week ?... wonder ny finest serving & protecting?  owsrtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorrtremember tomorrow 7am  occupywallstreet. chase j.p.morgan donated $4.6 million nypd weeks ago. re facing private securityrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtred flag rtjpmorgan donates $4.6mil nypd. date n/a appears google search 4days ago. kelly ...rtcorp. "responsibility"  jpmorgan donated $4.6m nypd fund 2010    occupywallstreetrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetchecking "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd ?    occupywall" ericallenbell.orgrtwhy  occupywallstreet? banks own congress & wh. jpmorgan chase paid nypd $4.6 million "keep safe."
please update soon  terriblertplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleasertplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetplease  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetwe help urgently  please  libertysquare  spread     occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...rtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtplease spread people groundrtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertrtexcessive force nypd sickening.  please stay safe stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertoccupymn october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  occupywallstreetpleasertplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ridertplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksare paying attention?  occupywallst pretty fucking big. wake please. world moving....... you?please updated. trying plan commute w/small children.rtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreet
autofollow sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistannew york times...   ffbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.com  sopranos afghanistan warbrutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistanbrutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos af...rttonight  occupywallstreet moved cornel west  don afraid revolution  videobrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.comus wish russia stuck afghanistan now.“brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s.feed offness brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  [manual offable]feed offness brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  [manual offable]brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos t...rtbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s.  afghanistan   pakistanbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  hire folks security gated community.news brutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime...brutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos af...brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistanbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani...   newsbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times
rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetlive stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetwatch video      occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet   libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestrtvideoraves greening & sustainability efforts   14ygreenrtdigging videos added  wallstreet protests   occupywallstreet  nyc  takewallstreet  wallstprotest“video nypd pepper spray  force wall street occupiersrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtrapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abuses...“video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor  listen warning sound
please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtcity cellphones subways dying gasp civilization?rtplease  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutescellphones? job instead? rtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesneedsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takethesquare activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesthe "consumerization i.t" "workers’ own cellphones ipads role office" $$rtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtworkers  own cellphones ipads role office (verne g. kopytoff / york times)rtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes“workers  own cellphones ipads role office (verne g. kopytoff / york times)rtcellphones subway week  quiet respite city life little chattier.
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtfinance minister quit russian governmentnypd sued times left track record lawyers   yours.news finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay th...nytimes finance minister quit russian government   aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...rtkurt cobain aware  caused fed dave grohl briefly quit nirvana 1993.rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtyou u.s. experiencing bit civil unrest.i don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.:) haven reached  assad standards  started way. nypd goesrti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtfinance minister quit russian governmentrtclick hashtag  bro  rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtfinance minister quit russian governmentfinance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...shameless   onstar tracks users  driving habits quit service ... chuck schumer angry t...finance minister quit russian government   york times straits times finance minister quit russian...
rtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmany hundreds here. sign leaving. numerous news outlets interviewing protesters.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtis interviewing peaceful protesters @ occupywallstreet stations watchrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtrtspoke w/ pbs reportr arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials...no help.  ourwallstreet ccrtchris hedges interviewing  occupywallstreet livestream   rtrtrtmany hundreds here. sign leaving. numerous news outlets interviewing ...rtmany hundreds here. sign leaving. numerous news outlets interviewing protesters.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt“many hundreds here. sign leaving. numerous news outlets interviewing protesters.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet”rtoccupywallst3   pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials 4 interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet....rtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmany hundreds here. sign leaving. numerous news outlets interviewing protesters.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetnbc4news interviewing medical team  occupywallstreetrt spoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
police brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops homeoccupywallstreetmama  mama noise cops shot girls boys.fuhgeddaboud  plea deal  17 cops indicted ticket fixing rocco parascandola  kevin deutsch and...nypd cops caught dirty dancing west indian day paradertoccupywallstreet   arrests social media  violent protests  cops chaos.rtit nice wake sidewalks heavily lined cops.  libertypark  occupywallstreetbe careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.rt?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreetto call ruthless  dirty cops "pigs" insult pigs.  nypd  worse wild boars.rtexclusive 100 cops involved nypd ticket fixing probe « cbs yorkrtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtnew pinac post msnbc lawrence donnell criticizes nypd cops aggressors  occupywallstreetrta request   occupywallstreet protesters chorus sing rolling deep adele cops & bankers?perfect protest song   ourwallstreetrtcops getting aggressive @ madison & st james. water drinks  bring &   occupywallstreetrtit shame re nyc cops garbage removal.. tight budget..  usdor  usdayofrage  occupywallstreet<sinisterteashop> wow  cops late hard irc occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtthe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallstrtrtsome info cops penning people marching   unionsquare  oc… (cont)rtrtspeaker harvard  ve peaceable assembly  100 cops congregated un… (cont)peaceful woman penned & maced nazi  nypd  cops    cop  police  policebrutality  brutality  corruption  abuse  news
.  occupywallstreetrtwhat cheaper  eating out?rtgreatgraphic cost fast food vs homenyt graphic "comparison shopping:"  cost meal 4 @ mcdonalds vs. alternatives.nyt ubs chief executive oswald j. grübel resigned  "rogue trading" scandal cost swiss bank $2.3 billion.health insurance costs rising sharply  study  difficult constrain costs human need. $$chew  food talk tough swallow cool recipes. report real cost ...rtisraeli panel offers plan ease cost livingrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   nee… (cont)rt1 congressman cost 3.3 mill/year.  aipac 81 israel learn how2 represent israel i.s.o.  ususdorrtnypd .. nonviolent protest  violent .   occupywallstreetrtme ow  anne hathaway looking fierce catwoman costume  dark knight rises  setrtgreatgraphic cost fast food vs. homertgreatgraphic cost fast food vs. homerttareq salahi wife decision leave journey neal schon cost her.rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwhere nypd arrests speculators run gas prices supply exceeds demand  costing billions?  occupywallstreethealth insurance costs rising sharply  study responses survey mercer  consultin...can protestor revolutionary costume media mistake tea bagger & actually report  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrt“if ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreet” * heard man.rt1 congressman cost 3.3 mill/year.  aipac 81 israel learn how2 represent israel i.s.o.  ususdor
rtcitibank = shitibank   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  moveyour damn  moneyrtcitibank = shitibank   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  moveyour damn  moneyrtrtamerica? nypd arresting people closing accounts citibank.   ows  ctl wtfrtnew video  occupywallstreet protesters arrested attempted  citibank account closing >>nypd arrests woman closing citibank account (video)   occupywallstreetrt24 arrested citibank  closing bank accounts  occupywallst protestrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  ows“24 arrested citibank  closing bank accounts  occupywallst protest  context?rtrt jesselagreca marine vet scolds/puts nypd (amazing vid )  guy herocitibankrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtrt24 arrested citibank  charged criminal trespass. march gathering times sq.rtleaked  citibank memo plutonomy    occupywallstreet  99percent  usdor  opesr  antisec  anonymousrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtnew video  occupywallstreet protesters arrested attempted  citibank account closing >>rtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsclose citibank account  nypdrtundercover cops paid disruptive loud citibank protester | york observer   usdor  owsrt28 people arrested nyc closing citibank accounts. horrendous. nypd  bank security physically brutal.rtleaked  citibank memo plutonomy    occupywallstreet  99percent  usdor  opesr  antisec  anonymousreports nypd  ows arrests trespassing citibank told customers closing accounts 2 leavertif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  ows
disagree  search returning hundreds tweets min  current trending topics. compare.  occupywallstreetrtlibya ~gadaffi loyalists escaping  algeria ~regroup ~collect arms~ return attack  ffs viartlive coverage: occupywallstreet  80 arrested released returning liberation square   ourwallstreetrtpeople arrested earlier released  returning  libertysquare  occupywallstreettwitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...twitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...rtrtlibya ~gadaffi loyalists escaping  algeria ~regroup ~collect arms~ return attack  ffs viasmall donors slow return obama fold frustration disillusionment dragged m...live coverage: occupywallstreet  80 arrested released returning liberation square   ourwallstreetsmall donors slow return obama fold   tcot  tlot  gop  dem  teaparty hope change out.wow. rtreturning somalia 20 byfeed offness donors slow return obama fold  [manual offable]feed offness donors slow return obama fold  [manual offable]after 20yrs don  worse. africa (t.i.a). returning somalia 20martha stewart busted returning call. crashed burned economy? bonuses wtf   occupywallstreetrtthe menil collection houston return looted 13th century byzantine frescoes church cypruswhy they? didn bought time donors slow return obama fold“small donors slow return obama fold   cause expected "progressive" moves/action prez.talented somali musicians writes ny times returning somalia 20   somalia  diasporartrtoutside  basildoncouncil return  dalefarm land green belt  inside thei… (cont)rtmarchers returning  libertysquare  occupywallstreet
rtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrthey cnn  bring cameras live protest?  occupywallstreetrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtows rtthe nypd tracks 2000 cameras manhattan. 450 wtc alone. fee… (cont)rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtrtny1  pix11 ap cameras here.  occupywallstrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersows intel  nypd surveillance cameras  occupywallstreet financial district  maps  info  readingrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtnypd reportedly targeting document  occupywallstreet protests using cameras & smartphonesrtabc cbs.nbc cnn msnbc ignore forever.get reporters cameras  occupywallstreet assholeshey cnn  bring cameras live protest?  occupywallstreetwtf nyc  nypd anti aircraft defense  submarines  "the ring steel" 2000 cameras soon 3000 nd more
tech el subway de ny tiene su propia versión ipadanticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...amazon hopes ipad competitorfacebook ipad app snagged negotiationsanticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...happy  traveltuesdaytthappy  traveltuesdaytttrending ipad app hostage tense negotiation  facebook  apple.  $aapl  socialmedia  techrtny times amazon kindle ipadanticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...thefts ipads iphones drive subway crime york.  ipad  iphones   viartcrime nyc subways  mainly iphones  ipads & kindles stolen weekend trains.facebook launch ipad html5 iphone apps apple’s october 4th eventrtrtcrime nyc subways  mainly iphones  ipads & kindles stolen weekend trains.facebook launch ipad html5 iphone apps apple’s october 4th event facebook finally laun...   businessi tried buy download sto ipad kindle wouldn me. actual kindle. didn buy it. badwhy don ipad developers port apps mac store? useand nytimes app verses web browseranticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...rthow ipads helping kids special ipads change children learn.always using train...  news rtthefts ipads iphones drive subway crime yorkfyi««crime nyc subways mainly iphones  ipads kindles stolen weekend trains.»»
rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtthe footage  occupywallst awful  to_shadow  wearethe99percentrtget educated. search "basic income" new; time.  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  99percent  ows   pls   education keyrtrt..this movement ppl park online  and““..this movement ppl park (cont)rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........66 counting   stand countedit hear include  occupywallstreet  top stories   indeed politically hot  wearethe99percentwearethe99percent holding  nypd accountable false arrests peaceful protesters  brutality  harassment & law breaking  owllovely sent supplies ups store  118a box 205 fulton st  ny  ny10038 usa  occupywallstreet  wearethe99percentrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rttakewallstreet consider sending delegation 2 steps congress deliver terms   usdor  occupycongress  unity  justice  99percentersrtlovely sent supplies ups store  118a box 205 fulton st  ny  ny10038 usa  occupywallstreet  wearethe99percentrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtnew post xo99percent  list & info worldwide events.  occupywallstreet  solidarityrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........it lemongrass baby  occupywallstreet  17start  takewallstreet  99percenters  oct6   owsrtpoverty  women highest99percenters  usdordoing math poverty usadoes american body temperature fever?; walking pneumonia long.keep spirit alive peaceful    love <3
rtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please“video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor  listen warning soundvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please   takebackamerica  antibanksrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto nation   usdor please rtrtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasert  video manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto nation   usdor andrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertoccupywallstreet manifesto watch youtube.com/watch?v=zqylfp… please rtrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto video   usdor please rtrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto video   usdor please rt
rtexcited activists  occupydenver. thanksfor stopping by. rise  occupywallstreetrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersthe giant blueprint stopping vickyou tell conductors. train  listed stopping broad.rtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackerswhy aren stopping overreaction brutaity nypd peaceful protesters  occupywallst? disappointannakatherine illegally arrested. march continues past  nypd barricades  sign stopping. 2k+ marchers.  occupywallstreetcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersin semi related story stopping cellphone hackers   business personal   york timesrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackers"march continues past  nypd barricades  sign stopping. 2k+ marchers.  occupywallstreet"rtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersa lot talk news stopping bullying it’s legal & moral wear badge  arrestbologna  occupywallst  nypdrtexcited activists  occupydenver. thanksfor stopping by. rise  occupywallstreetrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackerscompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrt"march continues past  nypd barricades  sign stopping. 2k+ marchers.  occupywallstreet"the giant blueprint stopping vickrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersin service north bound m15 bus no.1090 drove pass stop catherine madison w.out stopping. 1.10pm cc
rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtour stregth patience  commitment 2 friends family help crises ufighters enter qaddafi stronghold surt  libya  toll risesrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtforget herman cain. supporting  occupywallstreet.rthow people doing?    occupywallstreet  guys rock    up...rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtme ow  anne hathaway looking fierce catwoman costume  dark knight rises  setint nyt fighters enter qaddafi stronghold surt  libya  toll risesas california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustimpact insurance laws jobs  rtu.s. health insurance cost rises sharply  studyexcitingads  fighters enter qaddafi stronghold surt   libya  toll rises latest…rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtin   cop resisted arrest  resisted arrest resisted   ourwallstreet"the bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustnypdcanshootdownplanes butw/whatweapon?  dear god auth wl shoot plane called nd arises?rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjust[middle east news] fighters enter qaddafi stronghold surt  libya  toll rises
thaxs >>weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rtoccupywallstreet fix sec  byrtrtcall  troydavis district attorney larry chisolm  call 001 912 652 7308 fax 001 912 652 … (cont)weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rtchris hedges interview @  occupywallstreet    spread firertchris hedges interview @  occupywallstreet   spread fireusdorpakistani army tied 2007 ambush americans | maj. larry j. bauguess killed  3 officers wounded. allywhen comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels overweight weight...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...google  biggest threat? larry page google itself.rti jokes larry summers economy re kinda derivative.rthustler larry flynt blue rick perry | york daily newsweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rtnoam chomsky  occupywallstreetlarry flynt dirt rick perry.  send way.   tcot  tlot  gopweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rt"the secrets principal makes work" ny timesrtnoam chomsky  occupywallstreet
we re expecting expecting. ve reporters checking 17th. marches impromptu.what news blackout? us. ve covering 17th.rtmy country died ago  seed revolution planted sept. 17th.  root.  occupywallstreet  occupylartsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor  occupy  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorvrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor /viartsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor rt< >  occupyglobal  globalrevolution  occupyrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtrtoccupywallstreet  save date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor  occupywallstreetrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor  99nyrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor
rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetmedic team space (mylar) blankets > send ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street  occupywallstrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetlovely sent supplies ups store  118a box 205 fulton st  ny  ny10038 usa  occupywallstreet  wearethe99percentrtsend supply donations ups store   re  occupywallstreet  118a  205 york  york 10038.  ourwallstreet  vote ccrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers send supplies  occupywallstreet ups store re occupy wall street 118a fulton st.  205 york  ny 10038rtrtto support  occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall streetrtlovely sent supplies ups store  118a box 205 fulton st  ny  ny10038 usa  occupywallstreet  wearethe99percentmtto send  occupywallstreet send  occupy wall street 118a fulton st. box205 york ny 10038  owsnewsrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetshipping address finally poster ==  ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street   occupywallstrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtaddress ups store 118   205 ny  ny 10038 re occupywallstreet  usdor  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17rtrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occup… (cont)rtdesignated official contact nypd  | deputy commissioner  public information police plaza  rm 1320 york  n.y. 10038 attn dcpirtag eric schneiderman office close  libertysquare 118a fulton st. suite 250 york  ny 10038   demonstrate v. arrestsrtdesignated official contact nypd  | deputy commissioner  public information police plaza  rm 1320 york  n.y. 10038 attn dcpirtrtto support  occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street
rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhererthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetin speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerrtif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreeti support of.  ? is; change blood? don 99% wil… (cont)rtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...occupywallstreet 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement   occupywallstreetover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement  occupywallstreetrtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupy wall street raging grannies support liberty plaza | suite101.com   p2  ows  usdorrtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.rthelp promotethat starting support offer   occupymadison  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtrtrtex wall streeters supporting  occupywallstreet protest   sept17rtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdor.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupyla  owsnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  ows
anticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...rtrtcustomers angry  amazon warehouse worker conditions    p2 // boycottingamazon labor practices "fraying american decency"  rtbusiness  jobs  careeramazon hopes ipad competitorviamade amazon wish list :)  occupywallstreetanticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...do buy amazon? read ~the fraying nation decencyoccupywallstreet  volunteers set wish list amazon.com occupywallstreet?  ows  sep17rtcustomers angry  amazon warehouse conditions  workers conditions remain poor   p2  1urtny times amazon kindle ipadanticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...confused ~ shouldn amazon wishlist internally?i vow buy else amazon. shop localanticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...anticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...anticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipadanticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...amazon hopes ipad competitoramazon hopes ipad competitorwhat amazon announce week? total child slave labor?   takewallstreet  p2
rtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtdaily kos nypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression (cont)rtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtthere hell  occupywallstreet  1 trending topic america. suppression & censorship finest.rtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionthere hell  occupywallstreet  1 trending topic america. suppression & censorship finest.rtnypd pepperspray women  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression   classwar  willnotbetelevised  wtf?rtourwallstreet  occupywallstreet television media social media suppression makes sick.rtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepperspray women  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression   classwar  willnotbetelevised  wtf?
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet????? ?????? ?? ????????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ????? ????????? ((( ?????? ???????? ?? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????? ??? ?????? ??? ? ??? ?????????? ??? ? ??????? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????. ??? ? ?????? ?????????. ????? ?? ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ??? ?????? ????? ? ??????? ??????? ??????????? ??????? ???? ???? ?????? ???? ??????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ????? ???????? ?????? ?????? ???? ????????? ?????? ???????????  ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ???????????? ???????? ????????????? ???   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ?????? ?????? ???????? ????????? ??? ????? ????? ????? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally??? ???????? ?????????? ??? ????????? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally??? ???????? ???????? ????????? ?????? ??? ???? ????? ? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????????? ??????????  ??? ??? ????? ?????? ????????????? ?? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally
listening blueprint 3 ipod reading nytimes thornton park starbucks.  greatstarttoday
suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...rtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 ...suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22news suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded chur...   newslatest news suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded chu...rtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...port authority granted immunity  93 bombinghigh court rules port authority isn’t liable ’93 bombingcourt ’93 bombing result world trade center managers’ negligence albany  n.y. (cbsnewyork/ap) — yor...suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22   news  paperrtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22obama  nato bombing  libya police pratice violence protesters   occupywallstreet  dayofrage  takewallstreetsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...rtnytimes suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew at...   world  news  nyrtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22   newsworkvisasconnect suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22muslim attack rtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22news  > suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded...  <   newssuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22  [ny times]
rtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please“video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor  listen warning soundvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please   takebackamerica  antibanksrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please   fbrtimportant video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please youtu.be/zqylfp0_hs0rtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please“video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please...rtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor...
in europe  outrage u.s. execution troy davis  “...a stain justice system us” ~ mr. badinterrtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.yes    rtrtbreaking   stay execution  troydavis"a dreadful week  barbaric execution  troydavis georgia." dreadful indeed.   (“rt++++what resist  troydavis execution final hours++++   toomuchdoubt”rtrt10 reasons execution troy davis proceed. murder reaso… (cont)rtrt10 reasons execution troy davis proceed. murder reaso… (cont)rtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.events  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtmichael moore () calls support  occupywallstreet  decries execution troy davisrtnew yorkers rally execution georgia death row inmate troy davis york (cbsnewyork/ap) – groups...absolutely  probably stay execution. barbaric cruelreporter’s notebook barbara sheehan abused wife? executioner?rtwe  troydavis  12 hours stop execution    toomuchdoubtrtwhat resist  troydavis execution final hours   toomuchdoubtrttroy davis execution incites twitter outrage  protests black community   toomuchdoubtrtthere  toomuchdoubt  point. execution barbaric.  troydavisit late. please stop execution  troydavis. world watching. thing.  toomuchdoubtrtformer wardens staffers taking  troydavis execution refuse  via
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.keep up. world watching. rtoccupywallstreet trending world“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topproglots tweets/links otherwise. eh? know?  occupywallstreet isn trending list ny.disagree  search returning hundreds tweets min  current trending topics. compare.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtrtokay. confirmed thatblocking  occupywallstreet trending    ourwallstreet  cdnpolinyt "now  soon won’t:"  there’s trending faster phenomenon trending.rt"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout.  occupywallstreetrt(  occupywallstreet isn trending:) tyvm info..it perfectly clear.  takewallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtrttwitter suspendedand blocking  occupywallstreet trending. vourwallstreetrtanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreetrtthis account spamming  occupywallstreet preventing trending ===>  rtrtrtrtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtand twitter aren preventing trending?   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreetrtrtlets  occupyamerica trending         retweet
rtrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   tomalabolsa  ourwallstreetnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsoccupywallstreet rtnoam chomsky  michael moore susan sarandon se solidarizan con “occupy wall street”rtrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   tomalabolsa  ourwallstreetrtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrt "noam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet"rtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet    takewallstreetrtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreetrtnoam chomsky supports  occupywallstreetrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsrtman reading message solidarity sent noam chomsky assembly. thanks noam   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtchompsky rules  noam chomsky announces  solidarity  occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtnoam chomsky supports  occupywallstreethow effort understanding econ commerce?celebrates chomsky support donations bitcoinrtamazing hownoam chomsky andall understand  occupywallst  msm doesn t.  tlotour hand report wall st violence picked byw/ word support  sept17  chomsky
rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight. occupiers hungry  please help yourself.rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetobviously talk thanks bringing attention cause :)  takewallstreet  usdorrtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight...rtivan marovic bringingnyu audience  occupywallstreet now. heading subway...rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtmetropolitan diary bringing own plastic seat cover moviesrtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight...rtrtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight...rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetthat wrestling mask bringing hot memorieswe hook soon. xo  usdofrage  usdoryay  im bringing laptop  friends allover world..need informedinitforthelonghaul rtand  raised eyebrow. rti bringing (gently used) presents. ^_^rtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight..“ivan marovic bringingnyu audience  occupywallstreet now. heading subway...”  ourwallstreetthank  rainn. people bringing attention injustices.  im fan.  takewallstreetrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight...live stream   thanks bringing food medical supplies  occupywallstreet us.“metropolitan diary bringing own plastic seat cover movies
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorlooking   occupyamericartdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forcelooking spokesperson speak  occupywallstreeteverywhere ... help please?nypd looking sex assault suspect com   police public assistance finding wan...rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorshouldnt guys looking 4 jobs opposed trying stop doing them? rtday 8  occupywallstreetrtwe wont pander idiots  fools  trolls  sour individuals  looking attention. positive movement.  occupywallstreetinteresting tweeters newly met. followinglooking 4ward 2 postingsrtlooking network  nola  occupynola event?   occupywallstreet  ows  a99  usdorpolice  crackdown protestors  occupywallstreet looking  assad  syria. dictators unitinghave checked freelancejournalists looking for?all night week here. looking racooooooonrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorlooking mocking jabs  occupywallst  looking jabs  ones tweeted already.already accounted for.rtthe ny times reviews afraid post blackness?  / type book ve looking lately.looking ahead economic reports week week’s reports include home sales august  s.&....rthas figured purpose  occupywallstreet is? mean  besides looking clueless jackasses?  p2nypd looking sex assault suspect com   police public assistance finding wan...nyer always. la transplant. missing ny looking forward tweets.nypd looking sex assault suspect com   police public assistance finding wan...
nypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> protester changing (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> major changes protect people corporationsoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <sage_> doing talking (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <robbiet480> meatfaceoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <guest10558> hope time (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <> (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> situationoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <macrocosm> unbalanced thats government weakoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <leaningtoronto> wish (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <leaningtoronto> wish (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <sage_> word (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <undercover88> uk people awesome<sulley360> called precinct.  occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chatoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> health care  safety net  (cont)<> news  media   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat[23:26] <> don ideal world  live world   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<>  <        occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<kfalkenberg_> people square food?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<> water water water   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<bobsmith12> job occupy chicago  occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat

weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...what scant media coverage  head count. variety reasons 4  occupywallstreet  still...when comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels overweight weight...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rtwhat scant media coverage  head count. variety reasons 4  occupywallstreet  still...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...check out& meals wheels serve liberty park & add variety menu   takewallstreet  owsrtwe discussed in&. hope american viewers enjoy  24hoursintheer.weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...
wow real heros whats beating crap little babies?i typically respect job guys  please don beating protesters. especially re trying hit you.rtcovering  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet jackboot thug nypd protesters shooting video beatings & arrestswhy nypd beating girls  viayou shot yourself footno justification beating folks tarps/tents  pay huge claimscall nypd  brutalizing peaceful protesters. stop beatings  chokeholds  macing  release arrestedheywhere hell nypd beating pepper spraying peaceful protest? yourselves ny news team?nypd beating demonstrators baby seals little news coverage  pretty sad outrage?occupywallst police arresting dozens peaceful protesters wall street. using mace beating them.rtpoet  musician naan nytimes  beating heart story born mogadishu  somaliartrtwe start beating cops ass  10/1.  occupstreet  usdor    takewallstreet  occupywallstteaparty  nuts don  love   firstamendment    beating   it.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreettrue  re taking beating from. gotta copy style. rtthat voice. ain country club.true  re taking beating from. copy style. rtthat voice. ain country club.you’re getting little rough plutocrats shortly beating friends?1 nypd cops blatantly beating peaceful protestors wall st. caught tape  2 piers morgan interviews michael mooreoccupywallstreet   fucking  nypd disgrace. marching  beating us. cops people. paywall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march  free speech = beatings citizensrtan extraordinary achievement kenyan patrick makau ran berlin marathon 2:03:38  beating geb world record  wow.rtpan am  premiere soars 10.8 million viewers  beating  desperate housewi..the beatings continue morale improves.   occupywallstreet
in catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest s...nytimes adéu catalonia matadors   bullfight sold ban set begin  rest spain i...in catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest ...in catalonia  day bullfightingnews catalonia  day bullfightingfeed offness catalonia  day bullfighting  [manual offable]feed offness catalonia  day bullfighting  [manual offable]in catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest ...dtn russia adéu catalonia matadors bullfight sold ban set begin  rest ...in catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest ...nytimessports catalonia  day bullfightingin catalonia  day bullfightingin catalonia  day bullfighting  la ultima corrida de toros en catalunya  en el ny times  feministaentwitteradéu catalonia matadors | catalonia  day bullfighting  víafini les corridas en catalogne (ny times) catalonia  day bullfightingarticle del nytimes sobre la darrera correguda de toros la monumental  catalonia  day bullfightingrtonce bullfight "bolero"  bo derek. rtthe bullfight catalonia.in catalonia  day bullfighting   bullfighting  nyttimesin catalonia  day bullfightingil restera les boeufs   rtfini les corridas en catalogne (ny times) ...last day bullfightingin catalonia  day bullfighting

ultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...i love charles barron talks  dull moment speech. don agree himrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrtlovely mini doctalks growing 4 50   occupychi  occupywallstrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdoras welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks p...rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorford contract talks intensify union prepares strike saying “no indication strike ...rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtwatchtalks  occupywallstreet  troydavis  viaourwallstreet  ows  sept17  s17rtobama talks game. 100% owned wall street .get clue people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorolympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ... lauren ...rtbloomberg talks sense economy "science"  mtp...but martin police treatment  occupywallst.dtn usa welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks ...dtn usa ford contract talks intensify union prepares strike saying “no indication str...rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdor
"anonymous" enters securities analysis  taking world:d  anonymous  occupywallstreet  newsbyline|beat   analysis  occupywallstreet   p2news analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisisfeed offness news analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisis  [manual offable]feed offness news analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisis  [manual offable]in depth analysis  strong point.  care guess firstpack entails?rtslow motion video analysis nypd mace deployment near union square september 24  2011   occupywallstreet  p2investigative analysis activism street viaon |presstorm|   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe atlantic slow motion analysis nypd macing trapped women  occupywallstreet extremely disturbing.jeff  "beat" written analysis  occupywallstreet?rtin reversal  york erasure analysis detect cheatingrtnews analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisiserasure analysis  school cheatinginvestigative analysis activism street viaon |presstorm|   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetexcellent analysis & historical perspective  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  (blowsarticle away)slow motion video analysis nypd mace deployment near union square september 24  2011   occupywallstreet  p2rtthe atlantic slow motion analysis nypd macing trapped women  occupywallstreet extremely disturbing.hp inside board fighting hire ceo meeting him. insightful piece nyt.    news  analysislatest news news analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisis aid plan greece i...investigative analysis activism street viaon |presstorm|   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe world watching nonviolence liberty plaza / analysis   takewallstreet  occupacywallstreet  ows  tws
ladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...rtrtoccupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   occupywallstreetrta family affair wife  daughter accused queens scam artist named accomplicesrt"mace face" officer named 2004 protest abuse claim   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2according photog  snr cop mace sprayed defenceless female protestors  occupywallst name bolognathis photog cop maced defenceless female protestors  occupywallst name bolognaphotog correct  mace spraying officer name bologna  occupywallstbaobab touted nextsuperfood african fruit fromtree life ... household name  a...rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtthe blue screen >> eli named nfc offensive player weekbear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...bear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...activists post identity nypd officer activists name personal details ranking...occupywallstreet  pepper spray  officer previously named anti war bush protest claim  ourwallstreetrtthe nypd searching 4 mother accused abducting 8 children  w/ 1st name.   fbsexy move "turkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtcan some1 please repost ups store info name package excepted tuesday?rtbologna name  nypd maced girl unprovoked  davids camera craft love  occupywallstreetnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rt watch real news  corporate approved message.  p2  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.
rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreert20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17
rtfascinating look inside nypd counterterrorism unit cbs  60 minutesnypd anti terrorism squad equipped planestonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.rtcbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etwall st & federal reserve  stop committing financial terrorism   occupywallstreet  occupyallstreetsrtfascinating look inside nypd counterterrorism unit cbs  60 minutescbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etrttonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.duh. twitter doesn support terrorism. rtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupy… (cont)comment @ post abt nypd aviation & terror planes "best defense airborne terrorism? barrel pig fat plane.  nuff said."rttonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.six suspects charged british terrorism plot ...rttonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.according 60 minutes  profiled nypd  counter terrorism bureau evening  nypd spent $3 billion prevent attack.nice  nypd counter terrorism feature  except  fdny units discovered times square car bomb called policetony bennett views terrorism violence admire  viartthe police’s actions suggested flip force trained fight terrorism   occupywallstreetpakistan sign heeding usa scolding  terrorism   self destructive stances nationsrtwall st & federal reserve  stop committing financial terrorism   occupywallstreet  occupyallstreetsrtnypd counterterrorism unit planethe nypd doing fighting terrorism.
rtsunsalutesrttix sale evening hidden harbor tour   brooklyn navy yard sunset park. tour season.sunsalutestuestroops/policemilitary/police mondayreport east targeting navy  air force footballwow    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  rockefeller  bilderburg  bernanke  usmc  usarmy  usnavyrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsis shitbird implied former navy frog.  wallofshame ||rtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtus navy controls oceans militarized space. owns executive power?   usdorrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtus navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge  <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <>rtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  ows"us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <>rtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtus navy sailor uniform arrested night occupy sacramento   occupywallstreet  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  ows
last paragraph  zing   afestivusfortherestofus
rtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreat rtrtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreat rtrt  occupytheworldrtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet… (cont)rtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreat rtrt  occupytheworldrt  occupytheworldrtover consumption cool  don corps local & businesses & jobs.  occupywallstreet  occupytheworldrt  occupytheworldrtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreat rtoccupydc  occupywallstreet  occupychi  occupydallas  etc.    usdor. time  occupytheworld.  globalrevolutionrt  occupytheworldrtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreat rtrtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreat rtrtrtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet… (cont)rtrtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet… (cont)already wait towith man. 99%rtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreat rtover consumption cool  don corps local & businesses & jobs.  occupywallstreet  occupytheworldrtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreat rtrt  occupytheworld
rtorwell moment police retina scanning protesters scooped up.  takewallstreet  owsrtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloombergrtreally? mtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  usrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrtmtrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning deta… (cont)rtorwell moment police retina scanning protesters scooped up.  takewallstreet  owsrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.where  aclu? rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occ… (cont)rtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloombergrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtmtrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning deta… (cont)rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.
rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksi added photos  sep24  couldn them. :( space flickr.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetdaily news nypd probably couldn jetliner  key police source nypd firepower to...rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibankscouldn reply message b/c re following me. yeah  wait  hopefully llm6 north (sorry couldn resist )rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanks“from bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn (cont)let feelers out. (couldn dm  following me.rtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtcouldn agree wthat "get people cooking joy burden."  piece
be careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtthe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallstrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtacc. wikileaks levon sells drugs arms  speaks wikileaks?   23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquarertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtthis makes sick. encourage arrested sue shit nyc nypd. intolerable.rtwikileaks truckrti swallowed bieberblock excuse whencensored  wikileaks  "not current" lie explain  takewallstreet gone.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...ter petrosyan speaks  wikileaks else people  armenia  revolution  libertysquarethe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallstthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtwe hear demands  gaza &  palestine corrupt government change.rtthe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallst
rtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet demand police commissioner raymond w. kelly resigns.rtevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanks  libertyplazartplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanksrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreethead ckhead nypd fox news megan kellys worthless father.nuff saidrtneedsoftheoccupiers "could ponchos  blankets  socks  heat water  food."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet pls retweetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtcol. raymond kelly please troops  nypd sir.. vietnam war. americansrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtrtorganizers demanding resignation nypd police commissioner kelly & arrest som… (cont)rtpolice commish ray kelly tells nypd stop arresting people amounts marijuana wee bit sanity?
poll 56% surveyed barack obama worse president  ... half surveyed p...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  surveypoll 56% surveyed barack obama worse president  ... half surveyed p...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...survey major expansion world’s data centersworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...health insurance costs rising sharply  study responses survey mercer  consultin...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rtworld’s data centers expected grow  surveyworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rtnyc   ve mistreated  nypd hear  please fill survey  nypdworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...poll 56% surveyed barack obama worse president  ... half surveyed p...poll 56% surveyed barack obama worse president  ... half surveyed p...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...

lauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes 2007 european tourrthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age bookpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorcarlotta gall reports pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanslauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes 2007 european tourrtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorrta sign toxic pakistan relationship   nyt pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanspakistani army tied 2007 ambush americans | maj. larry j. bauguess killed  3 officers wounded. allyint nyt pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorrtrttiming everything. rtpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansexcitingads  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans details ambush…rthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age bookrtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorrtcarlotta gall reports  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtin 2007 voted enact change. 2011 realizing ppl power 2 bring change  ows  takewallstreet  99%lauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes 2007 european tournytimes pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans
rtwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddaword“romney pulls $1 million nyc fundraiser | york daily news    tcot  mitt2012  nygop”rtspring 2012 marninyt profile speech ronald reagan library  christie didn address speculation 2012 run prez.rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtaround world 18 tweets     cain2012  blackout  occupywallst  nepal   kerbala  beatcancer  nyad  philippe  saudioscars 2012 top 10 contenders picture nomination front runners picture...rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012has noticed relationship elenin stock market?  2012  occupysf  occupywallstnyc  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtsinking ship? obama chief adviser reelection 2012  titanic strugglertover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement   occupywallstreetjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtspring 2012 marnirtspring 2012 marnidear  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  occupythevote 2010? occupy voting booth 2012?rtregulations laws prevent cheating/harming public. obvious gop de regulation  wallstreet  gop  usdor  2012rtcity koch endorses obama 2012former sallie mae board whistle blows  studentloandebt ~corruption~tlot  tcot  occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  obama2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012putin seek stint russian president 2012rtrtoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstration
rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetpic  nypd  "freedom fence" 2011 9 24    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops homert8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycthe zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rtrt   99%   1%      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nyc9/24/2011 marisa holmes forcefully arrested  occupywallstreet   takebackamerica  nypd  antibanks  corporategreed09 21 2011 police forcefully grab   occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  mikebloomberg  libertyplazapolice arrests morning 20th sep 2011 2  occupywallstreet   nypd  martiallaw  mikebloomberg  corporategreed  owspolice arrests morning 20th sep 2011 1   occupywallstreet   nypd  mikebloomberg  corporategreed  martiallaw  owsoctober2011  chris hedges   occupywallstreet  oct6  usdor  stopthemach2011  yeswecamp  owsoctober2011  chris hedges:why   occupywallstreet  usdor  oct6  antibanks  sep17ray mcgovern   occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011  oct6  sep17  yeswecamp  usdoroctober6  time different.this time leaving    usdor  stopthemach2011 plz. retweetnoisy crowd demonstrators former u.s. vice president   antiwar  antibanks  cheney  usdor  stopthemach2011chris hedges   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismdavid swanson   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismkaren malpede   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatism
rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtour own jeanne mansfield maced  occupywallst. read account police brutality (plus video)rtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdrtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtyou massive presence  occupywallstreet 1 mention twitter account  total media blackout situation?rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtthis account spamming  occupywallstreet preventing trending ===>  rtis dick cheney rotting colon trolling twitter account  occupywallstreetrtrt5 banks account 96% $250 trill outstanding derivative expo… (cont)rt9/26/11 wall street donates $41 million campaign accounts supercommittee   occupywallstreetrtrtread detailed account violent arrests yesterday  occupywallstreet  (cont)rtthis account spamming  occupywallstreet preventing trending ===>  rtohaimixed account 4.2 bitcoins gone   antisec supports  anonymoushere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterlooking mocking jabs  occupywallst  looking jabs  ones tweeted already.already accounted for.rtupdate 8   occupywallstreet nypd fail slideshow w/witness accounts added am   dailykos  dkos  dutchsinse  tcot  p2rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreet

greece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetoccupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertrtpoverty america  //  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  owsrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2“video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor  listen warning soundcome longview texas   occupylongviewtx join usfood thought...the fraying nation decencyrta read      fraying nation decencyrtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.sad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rtcbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtanyone willing background  occupythenation twitter. originality occasion.  occupywallst  ows  otn  usdorneedsoftheoccupiers note ups delivery address  check "donations" section  current list.  occupywallstreetvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please   takebackamerica  antibanksrtplease send times locations events listed   ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtrttry 2 donations vitamin 3 4 protesters. help fight agnst colds & flu..  needsoftheoccupiersrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nyc

keep date  generalassembly york city.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?can story nycacc  newyorkcity annimal control kill policy changed kill shelter;rtcity car stolen boy seatnypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city  police plane  hitechcj  mmotaudit reveals city paid $11.8 million housing subsidies dead peoplertcbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etrtoccupywallstreet military occupy iraq occupy own cityrtbrooklyn city councilman charles barron protest ga mtg:"stop & frisk wall st.arrest real criminals wall st"rtcity wall st. protests continue  arrests morning marchteen injured hopping line fence sue city $2.5 millionadb news  prc biggest city tries green.rtrip doritos rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetnypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...maureen dowd  nyt "fed author ‘fed ’?"  mitt romney real value inauthenticity.pgh perk. "alcohol movie theater?   newyorkcity"“one five york city residents living poverty  ••• sad.  nyc“city cellphone service begins underground 4 subway stations
rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertthree arrested trying protect belongings tarps. nypd unnecessary roughness.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet vid 2 folrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrtthree arrested trying protect belongings tarps. nypd unnecessary roughness.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet vid 2 folrtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquareyou shot yourself footno justification beating folks tarps/tents  pay huge claimsrtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrtwe tents  chicago ordinance. tarps dry clothes towels good.  needsoftheoccupiers.  occupychirtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst“needsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreet”rtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreet
rtgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallthis guy  >... yeah  re gonna phone rally texas legalize  marijuana ...  occupywallstcome longview texas   occupylongviewtx join usrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtwhat matter texas?nyt dotearth blog lessons fire stricken texasa political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...i awake... tell im spreading "false news"  occupywallstreet  occupytexas  occupyelpasodot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasrtwhat matter texas?rtas dry heat spikes texas wildfire threat  somelessons australia    world fire pronea political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...a political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...rtwhat matter texas?rtdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas“what matter texas?  <> plus refused debate. now.dont mess texas drive thru beer store  checkarticle price junkfoodmuch love texas.. stay free. people amazing filled purpose.rtwhat matter texas?good nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix
| sport| patrick makau sets  world record  berlin     nj dc uk gb kenya dw malawi nigeria ethiopia la europe tx|cnn| wall street protests enter 11th day    la egypt ourwallstreet usdor occupywallstreet ny nyc nj usa dw uk gb europelauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes 2007 european tourin europe  outrage u.s. execution troy davis  “...a stain justice system us” ~ mr. badinterrtoccupy federal reserve minneapolis   usdor  occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  europeanrevolution“nyt reviews  googlewallet   claims europeans pay swipe mobile.green column questioning europe math biofuels   findings influential european scientists a...rtcoquí “puerto rico gene pool runs deep   taíno  boríken  african  european  heritage”as welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks p...lauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes 2007 european toureuropeanrevolutionsend message ny police commissioner   ourwallstreet  wiunioncornel west   awesome    ourwallstreet   wiunion  europeanrevolution  p2  wiprog  p2[nyt europe] adéu catalonia matadorseurope airlines carbon limits program allow carriers emit 85 percent limits f...rally stocks  euro fades debt crisis drags european stock index futures fell euro dipped wedn...rtcanada  waiting 4?   class europeans hit streets   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  eu  cdnpoligreat  peacefull  people  occupywallstreet brutality  nypd  nyc  globalrevolution. love  europert looks  klout censoring  ows  occupywallstreet  globalrevolutionwe wonder come?  europegoedetiming boomerang van michael lewis een boek de voortwoekerende europese schuldencrisisrtquestioning europe math biofuels. findings influential european...celiobusinessdesk green column questioning europe math biofuels
rtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreet
rtsusan sarandon "it changes top  changes bottom  " live >>rockbottom rtlauryn hill sued allegedly stealing clothesrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtmore bondage   stop feeding bottom 99%fuckyoujpmorganchase  freedom  anonymous  takewallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtrumored $nflx   $dwa deal goes through. bottom $nflx?“from bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn (cont)rtbottom 80 percent own 7% country wealth. time fight class.  occupywallstreetrtsusan sarandon "i ve found hope coming bottom "   occupywallstreetrtbottom 80 percent own 7% country wealth. time fight class.  occupywallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreeta  populist  uprising  organized onisn bottom line. re scared losing $.rtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreet"in race bottom  immokalee bottom" remain passive  watch   occupywallstreetrtok  bottom line   occupywallstreet . . . agree w/ gop pro wall street 2012?  fight together?rtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetin race bottom  arizona takes lead. arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreettho sneeds 2 mt400 richest americans $$ > bottom 50% america   occupywallstreet  p2
occupywallstreet consumer . citizen    justice nd protestrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustone citizen vote dollarusdor corporate person hood.  1citizen1vote1dollar  1c1v1drtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtplz help 4 public awareness stop  nypd thugs frm violating citizens constitutional right2protest   occupywallstreetrtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographysad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rttrust citizen media  followrtweetoccupy wall st s24 police riot | common dreams   occupywallst  occupyus  citizenradioso corprations ppl...time 4 citizens arrest  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  occupydallasrttrust citizen media  followrtweetrt"wall st vampires"/  occupywallst /  reclaim democracy  bp & hedgefundersrtand apparently  occupywallstreet happening england  u.s.rtnyc sends love  libertysquare beautiful citizens that4  globalrevolution renaissancenypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this.rtsaturday  sept17 citizens ashland oregon gathered front city hall solidarity  occupywallstreet protest  usdoroccupy wall street citizen journalists keeping honest   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  npr  cbs  reuters
rtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.rtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.don obsess media coverage  secondary. concentrate surviving community  occupywallstreetare looking help finding community kitchens? cooks? food purveyors? looking media help?brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  hire folks security gated community.rtwebsites information create community. social media person per… (cont)rtjust spoke community board 1 offered info 4 residents ...mtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.a  libertyplaza resident changes public trashcan.  occupywallstreet  communityrespectrtjust spoke community board 1 offered info 4 residents concerns/questions. ...occupywallstreet  nyc  sustainability  community  garden  people walk financial  solidarity  wiunion mr. president  too."devastating portrayal  occupy wall street  york times"   occupywallstreet  sept17  nyc  communityseems al sharpton ok obama telling african american community stop complaining. help understand.sad news loss marvelous wangari maathai   activist  politician  community organizer  and...rthere community board 1 mtg  local resident police response  occupywallstreet "overkill". nodding heads.occupywallstnyc  occupywallstreet community board 1 mtg  local resident police response...rtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.these scum bags celebrating community thrown technicality. don lowercommunity  socialism.  occupywallstreet socialist   occupyamerica  libertysquarertsee york police department (nypd) using cricket build community relations   cricketbuilding community infrastructure ofin detail
rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneedsoftheoccupiers "could ponchos  blankets  socks  heat water  food."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet pls retweetwhat ponchos matters seeing using donated items.rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersoccupywallstreet police offered ponchos...they thank  allowed wear pink yellowrtnew yorkerswallstreet tarps  ponchos  rain gear. cops cracking do… (cont)rtrtnew yorkerswallstreet tarps  ponchos  rain gear. cops cracking do… (cont)rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtnew yorkerswallstreet tarps  ponchos  rain gear. cops cracking do… (cont)rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallst rain  getting colder. sturdy ponchos  socks  rubber boots  scroll donate   p2  climate  bankstersgore tex head toe instead disposable ponchos tarps. anticipate dehydration malnutrition. 1rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiers
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorone citizen vote dollarusdor corporate person hood.  1citizen1vote1dollar  1c1v1drttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentrtnypd sending police lower manhattan. tactical plan  watch  occupywallstreet liverttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetvideos  america  takebackamerica  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtit shame re nyc cops garbage removal.. tight budget..  usdor  usdayofrage  occupywallstreetajstream continued coverage  occupywallstreet  usdorrtoccupy wall street  manhattan  tahrir square    international business times   sept17  takewallstreet...rtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorus protesters arrested anti wall street rallyrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtus day rage portland  sept17 protest pics  ccrt"all saayeeeng.. mace chaaance"  usdayofrage   usdor  occupywallstreet  p2rtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreet
rtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  ows
rtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.be careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.just commuication via facebook friends/and furfriends here. email via cable company secure.where you? reporter forhere.rtmany hundreds here. sign leaving. numerous news outlets interviewing protesters.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreeti ve there... lol. rtmaybe occupy deodorant stick.  p2  occupywallstall night week here. looking racooooooonrtrtrtny1  pix11 ap cameras here.  occupywallstrtpolice presence dwindled. ga happening. mellow atmosphere.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassemblypawpawty uk anipals  week protest wall street blacked media  bbc there.  occupywallstreetrtpolice presence dwindled. ga happening. mellow atmosphere.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassemblyrtoccupywallstreet reason there. trivialize humanity.rtnot read rights too.  happening time there. rtarrested person consen… (cont)must read nytimes junk food cheaper? ( takes real understanding change behavior. start here.rtthe revolution televised.  all... here.. move folks...  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17cair congressman’s remarks muslims stir blogosphere...that video edited officer charged assault battery. video everywhere.  occupywallstreetcareful there. mtcontact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreetrtamazing photos here. mtfiltered thru hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtplanning  occupywallstreet?  iwilloccupy & tell world ll there.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtnow re talkin    ows    > rt"it takes lot courage here."  cornel west  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution livertthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortsent friend  outstanding feminist criminologist  hard day. "perfectly ordinary kids" deservertthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrt5 banks account 96% $250 trill outstanding derivative expo… (cont)rtamericanspringthank standing       ourwallstreetrtone speaker    stepan demirjyan. veri laconic hard understanding :)))   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rallyrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tohow effort understanding econ commerce?celebrates chomsky support donations bitcoinrt"i believe banking institutions dangerous liberties standing armies"   t.jefferson  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tomust read nytimes junk food cheaper? ( takes real understanding change behavior. start here.rtoccupywallstreet rt50+ arrested caravan  netted&maced standing sidewalk [as told]rtreason 4  nypd violence unknown; video standing seemingly threatening manner    occupywallstreetthey pepper sprayed protesters standing        takewallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortnypd occupy block. standing block camera watch am watching watch watch watchrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told to
rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtfascinating look inside nypd counterterrorism unit cbs  60 minutes“this  occupywallstreet country wall street fills debt panel coffersrtthe truth usa dangerous country world human rights  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  dayofragertray’s pizza   counts slicertour own jeanne mansfield maced  occupywallst. read account police brutality (plus video)tonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.rtyou didnt important. cover countless tea party rallies  nbc cover? truthfully?  ourwallstreetrtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdmerchants country.   thomas jefferson (part 1 quote  2 coming)sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...rtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetli lawmaker  cruise  event east meadow  ny (cbsnewyork) — nassau county strugglin...nyt "the surreal ruins qaddafi’s land:"  libyans struggle escape country’s twisted history.rtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtyou massive presence  occupywallstreet 1 mention twitter account  total media blackout situation?groupon discount nypd today. gotta read purchase itrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetif care  freedom check event country 9/11 occupywallst.org
rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtliberty library growing      occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtrtlovely mini doctalks growing 4 50   occupychi  occupywallstrteverything chicago  lawyers board  cop issues movement growinghere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetirc.inydmedia.org  occupywallstreet growing growing. surprisertmore arrests nyc  movement growing   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  wiunionrtsalem news growing  occupywallstreet   usdorrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtoccupy nationwide twitter guide   40 cities strong growing   occupywallstreet  ows  sept17 oct6  ourwallstreet  p2rtour growing exponentially now. join  form own ga   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtlovely mini doctalks growing 4 50   occupychi  occupywallstiwant letto  occupyseattle growing   solidarity  occupywallstreet (esp. rain )she roll. rtmost u.s.  occupywalmart  course glad growing contingent  occupywallstreet.thank  msnbc growing pair covering unjust acts  nypd   occupywallstreet  freedomofspeechrtwe ignored  silent   growing re   takewallstreet  ourstreet  solidarity  owsrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreet
rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...occupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtbrother word... protest  don stigmatized.  occupywallst coverage  sequel  madisonrtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediartabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdoesn  occupywallstreet worth covering till police roughed protestors.rttwitterswarm   media contact sheet call demand cover  occupywallstreet  =  p21  p2  news  lgbtrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartlive streaming coverage protests wall street.  media won cover  cover yourself.    occupywallstreetrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreetrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtyou didnt important. cover countless tea party rallies  nbc cover? truthfully?  ourwallstreet
did know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor ...rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.
greece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreet~ massive msm tv occupied greece protestors ~ nyc     ows  occupywallstreet  libertyplazartmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  occupyus twitpic  {}rtrtmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  occupyus twitpic  {}rtmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdespite  nypd efforts  wall street stays occupied  [updated/amended re arrests & eviction notice.]  occupywallstreetrtrt“map occupied america  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetantifa.ca  antifa   despite nypd efforts  wall street stays occupiedrtdespite  nypd efforts  wall street stays occupied  viartmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrta message occupied wall street (day eight)    occupywallst.orgrtmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtdespite  nypd efforts  wall street stays occupied  viaa message occupied wall street (day eight) | occupywallst.orgrtmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrta message  occupiedwallstreet (day nine)   ourwallstreetrtmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwall st occupied... check movement   week
rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagefeed offness media equation julian assange  gilded british cage  [manual offable]feed offness media equation julian assange  gilded british cage  [manual offable]the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...the media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowrtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagejulian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage hand look julian assange’s remote sanc...media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assa...media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian ass...the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage
rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtthis debate raging india ink "few indians comfortable dark skin"rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcivil disobedience=only change schmucks comfortable neo feudal positions  occupywallstreetrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupierswlfwinos  wlfoldfarts feel comfortable flortwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiers
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortit nice wake sidewalks heavily lined cops.  libertypark  occupywallstreetrt<<<heads up>>> nyc media equipment seized.  ows crew dualcore 2.4 ghz notebook."  occupywallstreet  usdor  takethesidewalkrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tosolidarity unity  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo  usdor sleep sidewalk argrtrtrtwe legal help fast. owns sidewalk front fed reserve. polirtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told torttons police. protesters staying sidewalk. nypd letting march.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtwe legal help fast. owns sidewalk front fed reserve. polirttons police. protesters staying sidewalk. nypd letting march.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortevent info released tomorrow  please chalk sidewalks  car windows  print flyers inform     takewallstreet  occupymn  mn  peoplealwaysrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortevent info released tomorrow  please chalk sidewalks  car windows  print flyers inform     takewallstreet  occupymn  mn  peoplealwaysrtoccupywallstreet rt50+ arrested caravan  netted&maced standing sidewalk [as told]rt<<<heads up>>> nyc media equipment seized.  ows crew dualcore 2.4 ghz notebook."  occupywallstreet  usdor  takethesidewalkrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told to
where outrage? oh yeah  oil. rtsaudi woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving car[nyt world] world briefing | middle east  saudi_arabia  female driver sentenced lashingman killed bronx grandma sentencedsaudi woman sentenced 10 lashes drivingrtsaudi arabian woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carrtsaudi arabian woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carrtsaudi arabian woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carworld briefing | middle east saudi arabia  female driver sentenced lashingrtsaudi arabian woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carrtworld briefing | middle east saudi arabia  female driver sentenced lashingrtsaudi arabian woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carrtsaudi arabian woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carman killed bronx grandma sentencedman killed bronx grandma sentencedrtillinois army veteran war muslims sentenced 5 prison  (cont)rtus soldier andrew holmes sentenced 7 "thrill killing" youth & 2  afghanistan.[nyt world] world briefing | middle east  saudi_arabia  female driver sentenced lashingman killed bronx grandma sentenced   n.y.dailysaudi woman sentenced 10 lashes defying driving ban   york daily newsaustin powers  actor sentenced life prison violent gang rape kidnapped womanrtsaudi arabian woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving car
<iamnoone> free source guys protest   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatyour activist news source unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl acros...your activist news source nypd spokesman pepper spray  appropriatel...rti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetdaily news nypd probably couldn jetliner  key police source nypd firepower to...rtrt  demand resource based economy    occupywallstreet  generalassembly  sept17rtrti trust source. rtbystander adrianna assaulted police doubl… (cont)please help word media sources york refusing cover  occupywallstreet help wake americapew media study reliance outlets television main source weather  traffic br...winning rtsources rikers inmate stabs officers penrtrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtpictures  videos  info  resources   occupywallstreet  libertyplaza  sept17  sep17occupywallstreet  crowdsourceprotest crowdsourced  grassroots protesting. trying force particular mold kill it.rti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetsource tight jeff cumberland season torn achilles   york daily news update cumberland is..source tight jeff cumberland season torn achilles   york daily news update cumberland is..rtsource?  rt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtrti ve informed source onsite  occupywallstreet nypd aware anthon… (cont)rtamazing photos here. mtfiltered thru hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtus day rage resources assemblies protests   dealing law enforcem...   sept17  revolutionsource? thanks
(from buzzfeed)  nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwsj "bankers  protesters  ones arrested  occupywallstreet" vthe zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rt"all day  week  occupywallstreet"    chant anymore  usdor  takewallstreetthe zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rtnypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protestsrtrtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"rtrtrtthe power people people power  solidarity  ows  occupywallstreet"rt"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout.  occupywallstreetrt "noam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet"rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2nypd brutally assault peaceful protesters "occupy wall street"  /viamy boyfriend "occupy wallstreet" protesters pizza.     needsoftheoccupiersrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"today  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rt"well   tahrir.  nypd payment.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet"
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousmichael moore live  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetamy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynowrtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet retweetpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquareday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"it wail st" ny daily news front page     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"it wail st" ny daily news front page    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpolice brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpic  nypd  "freedom fence" 2011 9 24    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetmedia silent police abuse /brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rt“all 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nyc”rtyowas  bloomie decided comment 80 arrests yesterday nyc?  occupywallstreet &  occupyallstreetsrtmichael moore fat doesn occupy wall street  occupies streets   tcot  p2  occupywallstreet  usdor"i surprised aren people streets." piers morgan  occupywallstreet  takewallstreeti admire urging people contact senators protesting streets  occupywallstthank bloomberg nypd hyper vigilance. "rioting  streets "rtsee streets.  occupywallstreet  tomalabolsa  usdor  sept17  s17  p2. nb lost (877) 881 3020. arrested (212) 679 6018.your voters streets nyc ignoring  shame  occupywallstreet  takeeallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtattorney  occupywallstreet  door slowly 4  takeallstreets  unity  usdor  persevere  p2 involvedrtall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrtrt  iwilloccupy .. now. streets & ne help orassistance please contact mertwall street ~ it’s okay streets tehran  it’s okay streets york   occupywallstreetshouts gun buy port richmond si 2day.... guns streetsrtall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtrtwhy rich fear violence streets   wsj (july/11)   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtwall street it’s okay streets tehran  it’s okay streets york ~   occupywallstreeti hope re right. ground change  chaos slaughter streets. give.rtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsthats  occupywallstreet that. jealousy class warfare.nypd "take streets." streets nonviolent protesters. cool.   occupywallst

rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtchilling photos police protesters clashing  occupywallstreet.please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreeti support of.  ? is; change blood? don 99% wil… (cont)“nypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreet” wtf?bbc teletext (tv text news) finally acknowledges  occupywallstreet.the day rage   sept17   beginning. tomorrow marks 1 week people occupation wall street...rtnypd obey constitution. disregard superiors protecting special wall street.  occupywallstreetrtdamp day  ourwallstreet. protestors survived worse coming stronger & larger numbers.rtyes for&organizing nonviolent protests wall street.  enoughalready  occupywallstrtlive streaming coverage protests wall street.  media won cover  cover yourself.    occupywallstreetrteverybody lost chunks  retirement derivatives speculating rich quick  occupywallstreet.rtwe ve 3 heart balloons re taking  occupywallstreet. getting nyc.  ourwallstreet  wiunionopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  blackboc  blackbagged. winrtffrtopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  bla...it tea party signs  occupywallstreet.  99%.rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17rtnow prime time march wall street. party  waste park?justsayingnypd officers peaceful protester concussion  occupywallstreet..   corporategreed  antibanks
patrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...msnbc intense piece nypd brutality sunday       occupywallstreettakewallstreetrtreminder traveling to/from  jets game. rtport authority toll hike starts sunday   newjersey7pm pershing sq sunday 9/25/11  occupyla gaoccupywallstreet  taxation w/o representationmy piece ny times sunday metro thertneighborhood joint| williamsburg: kcdclackey loses cool  personal  text throwing six solid innings spiraling red sox sunday night...wall street  protesters vow fight jailed wall street protesters emerged cells sunday com...yemeni leader makes pledge step yemen defiant president addressed troubled nation sunday ...rtgood morning  anons  happy sunday   fighting fight  occupywallstreet  revolution  anonymousrt11 girl accidentally shot 14 sister head "playing csi " authorities sundaybloomberg slams buffett tax claims white gloves off. mayor bloomberg sunday slammed billionaire inve...i love looking nt sunday styles. found cute lez couple.nytimes sherilyn thomas lynn wittrtsunday synopsis joyful homecoming hikers | york daily newsenjoyed season premiere; checkrt11 girl accidentally shot 14 sister head "playing csi " authorities sundayinteresting ny times sunday magazine article: "the war insider trading market beaters beware"mike kazin "whatever happened american left?" sundaysunday synopsis joyful homecoming hikers | york daily newsreminder traveling to/from  jets game. rtport authority toll hike starts sunday   newjerseysunday morn cappucino tea almond biscotti
rtquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogetherrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogetherrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtrtwall street trader don’t care "how (cont)   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet   usdor "how anonymous emerged occupy wall street" ericallenbell.org  please rtrtrtpicture wall street  // "how america   dream home""how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin"rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin"how deficit?   war  tax rich "  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourstreet  globalcamprtquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogether"how on?"  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginhas posted former sncc mary elizabeth king "how media listen."   takewallstreet
theother99  occupyearth call humanity reinstated fiscal systems.  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  owsrtwe  occupyearth money power.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtrt proud americartthis  patriotism looks likertwelcomeourwallstreet  cdnpolirtfood feeds  profit bleeds   antibanks  productivity  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyphoenixrtwe rent planet blinded greed.  occupyearth  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupysf  antisockffrttheother99  occupyearth call humanity reinstated fiscal systems.  occupywallstreet  tyrannyofprofit  usdor  owsrtprofits margins; creativity draws outside lines.  inspiration  ows  usdor  occupytogether  occupywallstrtwe rent planet blinded greed.  occupyearth  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupysf  antisockffrtwe  occupyearth money power.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtoccupytogether  occupyearth  takewallstreet  usdor  henrygeorge company ge… (cont)...occupywallstreet  occupyearthrttheother99  occupyearth call humanity reinstated fiscal systems.  occupywallstreet  tyrannyofprofit  usdor  owsrttheother99  occupyearth call humanity reinstated fiscal systems.  occupywallstreet  tyrannyofprofit  usdor  owsrtour system economics governance archaic. system economics governance archaic. (ad infinitum)  ourwallstreet  usdorrtpl welcome&=)rtwethepeople  occupyearth believe  whynow?  whynotthen?  whynotnow?  occupywallstreet  usdorrtwethepeople  occupyearth call repressive convoluted tax codes favor teams attorneys.  usdor  owsrtwe  occupyearth stand  togetherasone debt  repression profiteering irrespective nation  faith creed.  ourwallstreetrtrt "we  occupyearth wish lives dictated corporate financial business models international financiers.  takewallstreet"

rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtrt1 vote remove cannabis schedule 1 drug list & decriminalizationourdemandsnyt "the surreal ruins qaddafi’s land:"  libyans struggle escape country’s twisted history.while billionaires thrive  rest struggle survive.  takewallstreetrtnypd officers  stand 4? 2 ppl  own personal struggles protesters  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetcatholic schools  convents properties block parishes struggle ... st. stanislaus shut y...rtsinking ship? obama chief adviser reelection 2012  titanic strugglertthe abraham lincoln lifelong struggle depression   ny times articlethe abraham lincoln lifelong struggle depression   ny times articlertnypd officers  stand 4? 2 ppl  own personal struggles protesters  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustthey finally  happy movement made. struggle define solution now.rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjusttyra banks shares struggles readers fierce runway  heart  supermodel tyra banks ...tyra banks shares teenage struggles york public library launch ...rt1 vote dissolving dea prison industrial complex surrounds itourdemands  owsrtcall artists perform  occupywallstreet join global struggle justice equality more...rtafter collapse  recent struggles  giants  looking redemption ...   nygthere struggle articulated demands vs don t. tmrrw declaration ...
usdor  sep24  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet   australiaiswatchingrtthe storm hit australia   change coming  alonertny daily news report favorable protesters.   occupywallstreet  sweden  amsterdam  sydney  australia  melbournethat trendsmap australia   twitter blocking id site?rtthe storm hit australia   change coming  alonertas dry heat spikes texas wildfire threat  somelessons australia    world fire pronepeaceful women maced nyc protest   australian news reports :)  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe storm hit australia   change coming  alonethey grow tough home ;) rtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia texas ...   climate  environmentrthere hoping spirit  occupywallstreet comes brisbane  australiaows  auspolrtny daily news report favorable protesters.   occupywallstreet  sweden  amsterdam  sydney  australia  melbournedtn china australia allow women serve frontline combat move australia fourth cou...australian aborigine hair tells story human migrationvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia texas  fire risk follows ...dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia texas  fire risk follows ...
the sad loss ancestral region "adéu catalonia matadorsrtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada m...rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament...""adéu catalonia matadors"rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."llegint "adéu catalonia matadors" al pensant en aquest exemple de democràcia "des avall"  fbrtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."rtthe ny times titula "adéu catalonia matadors"  crònica firmada madrid amb "catalan regional parliament..."
rtcapitalism system government.  occupywallstreetmichael moore cnn talking capitalism  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrtmichael moore cnn re capitalism  occupywallstreet   p2  ows  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtmichael moore cnn re capitalism  occupywallstreet   p2  ows  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorcheck out...  occupywallst  occupylosangeles  capitalism  greedrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrttonight global movie  watch >> capitalism love story  occupywallstreet   watch >>rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorcapitalism save planet; cpgb ml debate oxford unionrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorelectronics warcraft comedy capitalism digital camerartcapitalism system government.  occupywallstreetrti am capitalism revolution watch bought power  money fame.  tcot  usdorrtforce tweet representative success  usdor   < rtcapitalism ...rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdor
media silent police abuse /brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet calls 4 arrest / imprisoment serial abuser  nypd pig bologna  takewallstreet  libertysquarerthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetrtrapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abuses...rtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdrtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdhas  aspca torturing animals facility?   abuse  noose  wtfpeaceful woman penned & maced nazi  nypd  cops    cop  police  policebrutality  brutality  corruption  abuse  newsrt"mace face" officer named 2004 protest abuse claim   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2occupywallstreet police abuse   takewallstreetrthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetrtplease example abuse power    occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet    peacefully assemble rights stripped us. abuse brutality stoprtnow  seeing nypd abuse dad  occupyatlanta beginrtdespite abuse nypd... remain peaceful. donut   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwas nypd authorized pepper spray peaceful observers? lengthy investigation saturday incident.was nypd authorized pepper spray peaceful observers? lengthy investigation saturday incident.  //  fuckthepolicertofficials confirm nypd abuse  occuptwallstreetrtofficials confirm nypd abuse  occuptwallstreet  (cont)defends video parody welfare abuses (i wasn aware otherwise)   tcot  teaparty  p2  tlotrtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypd
rtrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtanonymous .the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt“.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadow”rtrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadow.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadow

stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrt9/24/2011  occupwallstreet police brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troydavis   antisecrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nyccommuniqué anonymous   usa day vengence sep 24th   occupwallstreetend fed rally   11 22 08 york city nyc    occupythestreets  occupwallstreet  takewallstreet ppl waking uprtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nyc9/24/2011  occupwallstreet police brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  ...rt9/24/2011  occupwallstreet police brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet ...rtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycoccupwallstreet  occupytogetherrtiwilloccupy live tweet reading begins now.  em coming  people   tweets2streets  sep17  occupwallstreet  yeswecamp  siacampamoslet check  occupwallstreet protests...oh police targeting livestreamers. stay strong protesters    ourwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetnypd officers committed serving primary funtion   serve protect [the rich]occupwallstreet  policeareciviliansrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrt9/24/2011  occupwallstreet police brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  ...rtend fed rally   11 22 08 york city nyc    occupythestreets  occupwallstreet  takewallstreet ppl waking uprtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nyc
please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediartneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesjulius (stinky) wright assaulted swiping cell phone ... suspect  julius (stinky) wright  21  ...“city cellphone service begins underground 4 subway stationsglobal education reform  student deserves excellent education  tfa   global  teachforall  educationreformfinally  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationswall street  protesters vow fight jailed wall street protesters emerged cells sunday com...excellent video    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17  usdorpraise  news nyers  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations"wi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations  goodrthow own cell phone charger term occupations   occupywallstreet  wallstreet  takewallstreetits  bout time rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsgot word w/ cellphone ziptied (for 4 hrs) 12 person van 20 others.. held 7 cell hoursrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtan excellent video documenting lifevery inspiring    occupysfrtcity cellphones subways dying gasp civilization?rtrtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsrtexcellent democracy vid   owsnews  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17rtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersjulius (stinky) wright assaulted swiping cell phone ... suspect  julius (stinky) wright  21  ...

pic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchthought rtsome pushing chris christie run presidentrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchfyi  eeuu pushing chris christie run presidentrtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtnypd disgusting  police blocking netting father pushing child baby stroller   occupywallstreetsome pushing chris christie run presidentsome pushing chris christie run president powerful donors activists ...they bulldozer hernias   rtsome pushing chris christie run president  gop  govfatsortmore arrests  occupywallstreet    nypd pushing crowd. pic >>  ?nypd cops gayrtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...some pushing chris christie run president powerful don...   tcot  tlot  ocrasome pushing chris christie run president powerful donors activists ...rtknowing gop candidates essential.  pushing chris christie run presidentwell stop pushing story.rtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchpushing envelope  notes wall street demonstrator  john halle  takewallstreetsome pushing chris christie run president   powerful donors activists  man...some pushing chris christie run presidentwealthy  influential  leaning republican pushing christie bid president   york times chris chris...
weight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight watchers dedicates jennifer hudson center star ... weight watchers wasn honoring celeb spo...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...i mentioned live chat  social media recruit unemployed  people  weight  huge untapped resource.weight watchers jennifer hudson centerrtyou overweight  "rich" world standards.  usdor  usdayofrage  occupywallst  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetalso pretty ve lost weight week  occupywallstreet madness. barely able eat  save activism  drortweight watchers jennifer hudson center  chicagowhen comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels overweight weight...usdor  p2  drinking own pee supposed healing properties. hasn helped lose weight  though.weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helpweightloss  health weight loss guru offers golfers help  hr health updateweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...
rtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentrtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrttry 2 donations vitamin 3 4 protesters. help fight agnst colds & flu..  needsoftheoccupiersrtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloombergrttrigger warning. 0:40  nypd uniformed maces – eyes – unarmed  unthreatening  penned protesters.i typically respect job guys  please don beating protesters. especially re trying hit you.rtmany hundreds here. sign leaving. numerous news outlets interviewing protesters.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtny daily news report favorable protesters.   occupywallstreet  sweden  amsterdam  sydney  australia  melbournertreally? mtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  usrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtneedsoftheoccupiers  vinegar  suggest expectations suspicions future tear gas  occupywallstreet protesters..rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtneedsoftheoccupiers  vinegar  suggest expectations suspicions future tear gas  occupywallstreet protesters..rtny daily news report favorable protesters.     cnn  nyt  bbc  wapo  cbsrtslowly surely  occupywallstreet getting coverage  . bad re sneering protesters.rtmta assisted police transport protesters. thanks assholes.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.nypd "take streets." streets nonviolent protesters. cool.   occupywallstrtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloomberg
rtyou started glorious fire freedom soon warmth warm souls globeas scorn vote grows  protests surge globertgoodnight protesters nationwide & globe. grow tomorrow.  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetas scorn vote grows  protests surge globeas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe  > world  wide contempt political procesas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe  viartas scorn vote grows  protests surge globertrtny times  boston globe reporting  occupywallstreet  people message heard   ourwallstreetas scorn vote grows  protests surge globebrutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york times boston globebrutal haqqani clan...rt??????????????e???????????????????????????????ec?????ec???????????????????????????2.0?????rtgoodnight protesters nationwide & globe. grow tomorrow.  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtgoodnight protesters nationwide & globe. grow tomorrow.  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtgoodnight protesters nationwide & globe. grow tomorrow.  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrelease political prisoners expect  99% silent   occupywallstreet  occupytheglobeas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe  > world  wide contempt political processrtnytimes scorn vote grows  protests surge globe   occupywallstreet  p2  news  internet  revolution   worldas scorn vote grows  protests surge globertgoodnight protesters nationwide & globe. grow tomorrow.  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetnytimes scorn vote grows  protests surge globe   occupywallstreet  p2  news  internet  revolution  worldas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe
rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreet
rtyowas  bloomie decided comment 80 arrests yesterday nyc?  occupywallstreet &  occupyallstreets“correction   arts+culture committee meet 12:30  3pm.  takewallstreet  sep17”rtrtchanging planes & ny. meet aft. liberty. //  iwilloccupyrtoct6 meet pikes park  occupythefed  solidarity brothers sisters front line  occupywallstreeta american military officers afghan officials finished five hour meeting their...rtnypd... sfpd. harmed ruthless tactics speak meet rights.. threaten you?and potentially destroy world rtun assembly meeting impact traffic manhattanrtin  libertysquare  occupywallstreet citizens regular meetings  called assembliesrtyes  denverga meets 7pm near  colfax broadway...water essential  needsoftheoccupiers  occupydenverrtflyers winger wayne simmonds deny using slur sean avery    video simmonds meeting mediartrtour  occupytour now. walking meeting neighbors  liv… (cont)rti future instead campaign ads  reminders time  generalassembly meets.  occupytogether  occupywallstreetpls bloomberg nypd mace svrl women corraling dangerwhen g20 meeting?rt1st meeting  occupybinghamton tonight cyber cafe. starts 7pm  upstairs.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtlet mainstream media lost touch reality  real people america.  occupywallstreet proof   nbc  meetthepress today.rtdavid  mayorbloomberg  nypd allowed abuse protestors arrested  occupywallstreet march.rtthats boot fascism yur neck  hippy law & & civilization   occupywallstreet  p2 >so  meet again..we  meet thursday day market square park.thanks info.  times locavesting well. meet dad? ?rtoccupywallst.org/conference/ meet plans?  occupyboston  transparency
i miss days nypd evasion  : )rt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtlet love late night images coming   takewallstreet  occupywallst remind days tahrirrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersthought 90 days forcibly evicted. tenancy expert there?all days besides cvs  grocery store  dollar store run siesta lunch nypd near chandler mall.man  juuust bought tv watch days. ll tryrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreeteveryone found bit amusing 8 days ago.   80 protestors arrested  nyc. ponder.  occupywallstcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtsept17 day  iwilloccupy wallstreet.  1days  banksters realize watching.  anonymous  occupywallstreet  antisecrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtafter 10 days  teabaggers pouting abt  occupywallstreet hippies protestin failed system theyve whined abt 4 yearsrtremember "good days" real journalists news? disappointed inoccupywallst  globalrevolutionrtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetseizing populist mantle  obama pushes jobs bill mark landler denver — days energetically raisin...congrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speak
rtrtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99us loosing respect middle east bcoz double standard policy  supporting  bahrain dictators supplying weapons. ?rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtrtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtgokil ya? hashtag  occupywallstreet diblock total di amrik. tsk. adikuasaaa... double standard nih >  :phell yeah   goyankess rtjust york yankees win american league east title winning doubleheaderhell yeah   yankees. rtjust york yankees win american league east title winning doubleheaderrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99i aware that.  bigger audience though.  msm double edged sword.  occupywallstreetprecisely.  doubles outrage. slap face.starting 2day double postage required & write "save post office" envelope mailmaddow  takewallstreetrtrtjust york yankees win american league east title winning doubleheaderyeah yeah..  ___  rtjust york yankees win american league east title winning doubleheaderfinally  kill  em friendly poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesnyt fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesawesome  rtwe double ram cdn site lot faster   occupywallstreetrotffff rtnaa    rtrtlmaois following me<kuz snitch lol
in arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerin arizona accent hinder teacher’s career  serious? 4get arizona belonged mexico?rtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careeran accent hinder teacher’s careerin  arizona  complaints  accent hinder  teacher’s careerin race bottom  arizona takes lead. arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerif teach english school  speak fluently. complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careernytimes arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s career  definitely don teach englishin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s career  rtazin  arizona  complaints…an accent hinder teacher’s career  visiting  schwarzenegger regarded?  sb1070rtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s career  don gringos change accentrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s career
rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtsolidarity rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet please welcome&rtplease follow&now   cdnpoli  cndpoli  canpoli  toronto  vancouver  ourwallstreet  occupycanadartenlightened philosopher  cornelwest speaks. solidarity&rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtthis. rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtsolidarity rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet please welcome&rtplease follow&now   cdnpoli  cndpoli  canpoli  toronto  vancouver  ourwallstreet  occupycanadartsolidarity rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet please welcome&rtenlightened philosopher  cornelwest speaks. solidarity&rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtif wish join  occupyvancouver followcdnpoli  canpoli  occupycanada  ourwallstreet  occupytogetherrtneed people  vancouver &  toronto help organize  occupyvancouver &  occupytoronto time   occupywallstreetrtif wish join  occupyvancouver followcdnpoli  canpoli  occupycanada  ourwallstreet  occupytogetherrtsolidarity rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet please welcome&rtenlightened philosopher  cornelwest speaks. solidarity&solidarity rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet please welcome&

rtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2rtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rton east village radio tonightinvited hardcore & punk rock listeners attend  occupywallst friday @ 3pm.  nycrtyou rock john  something...rt???? ??????? ????  ?? rockstar ?????? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rallyrtwall street’s reaction protests   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtrtyou rock john  something...rtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2smh rtbrooklyn 730 rockaway ave  3 people shot. doa scene. level 1 mobilization regards. active crime scene.rock ny times  thanks waking up.  lentils feed grand nutritional deliciousness pennies.  yesrtif act badly  bad. feel anger 60 s. pigs back?  american answers.rockbottom rtlauryn hill sued allegedly stealing clothesdid this?  norm van brocklin’s passing record stands 60seen block locked morning smh rtrtbrooklyn 730 rockaway ave  3 people ...rthow people doing?    occupywallstreet  guys rock    up...rtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2joan jett  cure  guns  roses  heart nominated rock roll hall famerock yourself sleep tour 2011 fillmore irving plaza sat  oct 15rtyou rock john  something...rtpls rttweets regardina ny news site lack coverage  occupywallstreet”
rtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viashame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  viartover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voicelisten congressman  alan greyson   alan grayson presidentrtno excuse   youtube.com/watch?v=jyaa 3…       occupywallstreetthis unsettling youtube.com/watch?v=mod2jn…  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  antibankscheck video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  viartmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtcivil disobedience live  occupywallstreet   youtubertmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtpeaceful female protestors penned street maced    occupywallstreet   via{}  usdorrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressioncheck video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viacheck video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  viacheck video    word @  occupywallstreet  viadopey ebt vid booted youtube  mr. ebt  card youtube  either.nypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionextreme police brutalitywall street  viaoccupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksto  occupywallst friends  you.   naked aggression   "right now"  viarti uploaded avideo  nypd goes postal march
mn 8 av & 125 st. building collapse w/ victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ems req scene rush. 2 nypd rpt inj. /life photographer wall street crime scene photos  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  viartrtrtwall street "crime scene  cross" (photos  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet via… (cont)rtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet   opinion   al jazeera english  viajournalism  news  p2aclu blog nyclu scene wall street protests   usdor  occupywallstreet  civilrights  takebackamerica  owsthis isht reads scene law & o_orthudson river @ w.95st  nypd scene w/dead body floater riverrtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet ii media aljazeera   ows  usdorrtbronx 299 east 158 st male shot bring transported traumatic arrest. crime scene ...rtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrt"bronx 2239 story ave pedestrian struck aided doa. vehicle fled scene. nypd hwy ais scene ai."rt"bronx pitman ave & murdock ave male shot doa hospital. crime scene established."rt"queens sutphin blvd & archer ave car hit bucket truck  worker fell doa scene. nypd hwy ais scene."rt"manhattan hudson river west 95 st nypd scene dead body floater river. harbor enroute body removal.rt"brooklyn macdougal st & saratoga ave male stabbed 4 times  victim doa scene. active crime scene."u/d  bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing scene 2nd alarm fire." 9:21:02 amrtbrooklyn 111 clymer st swastika found  ground floor. wspu & hate crime units scene.rtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdoral jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrttheis person follow live  scene updates  occupywallstalso scene tonight  occupywallst nyc blog brosandfollow updates.
rtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographysad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtmemorial sloan kettering cancer center warns tap water patient contract… (cont)nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtoccupykc   occupymemorialdr  usdor  occupywallstree… (cont)rtmake fliers  occupykc  oct9 email help.com post flickr   occupywallstreet  usdorrtmemorial sloan kettering cancer center warns tap water patient contracts ...arnold schwarzenegger publish memoir   nytimes.cominspiring feel video chicago  50 people  question    favoritememoriesnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rtlife   memoir   roger ebert   book review chicago’s own pulitzer prize winning film critic  roger ...nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memoriala little slow share  memory died line duty 9/11 lives ways>that wrestling mask bringing hot memorieswe hook soon. xo  usdofrage  usdorrussell banks’s novel ‘lost memory skin’   review russell banks’s “lost memory skin ” sex off...nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorial
rtthank retweeted  occupywallstreet video. gone viral possibly censored. online social media ftwrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionthis america anymore viral  shame nypd. call 4 immed resignation nypd duty  occupywallstthis video  viral. nypd detain mace female peaceful protestorsnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtdaily kos nypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression (cont)rtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrt  takewallstreet  ows   globalrevolution   celebriti  viralrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtpeaceful female protestors penned street maced    occupywallstreet   youtube  send viral    send viral”
“three rabbis hike 15 miles brooklyn bronx weekly lead synagoguebronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards stabing. fdny 2nd alarm fire location.rtbronx 299 east 158 st male shot bring transported traumatic arrest. crime scene ...man stabs roommate machete  lights self fire cops bonkers bronx machete stabbed hous...17 indicted cops reject plea deals tix fix city cops indicted bronx ticket fixing scandal rejec...rt"bronx 2239 story ave pedestrian struck aided doa. vehicle fled scene. nypd hwy ais scene ai."rt"bronx pitman ave & murdock ave male shot doa hospital. crime scene established."u/d  bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing scene 2nd alarm fire." 9:21:02 amrtmystory rabbis hike 15 miles  brooklyn  bronx weekly lead synagoguearchitecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesny times art news architecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules via verde  i...via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules   nytimes.comrtbronx yearning.   occupywallstreet  unity  solidarity  sep17  usdor  takewallstreetrtarchitecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesbronx  update  *2nd alarm & person stabbed* requesting  nypd scene & level 1 mobilization southern bvd & fordam road.  fdnybronx   duty  nypd officer involved mva overturn major deegan exp. & van cortland park south.  fdny  nypd extricating.bronx u/d *2nd alarm stabbing* fire marshals requested scene 2447 southern blvd forthwith.  breaking  nypd  fdny  bronx  nycbronx   shots fired weschester ave & 156 street  nypd scene   esu requested evidence search.  bronx  nyc17 indicted cops reject plea deals tix fix city cops indicted bronx ticket fixing scandal rejec...man stabs roommate machete  lights self fire cops bonkers bronx machete stabbed hous...
.((pats back)) day ll 3 rtmets fall cards  assured third straight losing season cbsloc.al/ow0jwnirving picard prove mets owners  willfully blind  scheme collecting judge   york daily...mets sweep phils r.a. near nick evans tumbling catch sixth inning  r...mets suckthe wilpons sell mets.  rtmadoff victims  trustee allowed sue mets owners $295mrtyanks & mets quarrel newarkmlb  mets rtmets reward terry  pick option  13yanks & mets quarrel newark call jobs starved city  $250 000  dispute town...rt "phillies mets postponed rain  dh saturday  //boook  offically mets fan yankeesthe  1 mets hater citi field?   hide eat buffetsthe  1 mets hater citi field? hide eat buffets  yankee homefukin bumbs. rtmets fall cards  assured third straight losing seasonpelfrey hit hard phils 9 4 mets loss roy halladay mike pelfrey day starters the...yanks & mets quarrel newark call jobs starved city  $250 000  dispute t...madoff victims  trustee allowed sue mets owners $295mmetssubway heading citi field mets phillies? train. avoid teh traffic.  7 willets pointmetssubway 95 rivalry continues citi field. 1:10 pitch.  7 train game.metssubway mets phils wrap game set citi field afternoon game. avoid traffic   7 trainmetssubway taking train mets game? refill metrocard citi fieldmetssubway feels summer there. game citi field?  train  avoid traffic.  7 willets pt.
rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet shout awesome protesters  wallstreet  libertyplaza fighting world  join    sept17flood nypd w/ calls em busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  libertyplaza  antiwar  antibankswatch live stream team people arrested   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza~ massive msm tv occupied greece protestors ~ nyc     ows  occupywallstreet  libertyplazahitlers following too.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplaza  antiwar  owswrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanks  libertyplazaamazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  libertyplaza  occupywallstreet  antibanksunbelievable protest footage  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreet  libertyplaza  antibanks  corpgreed09 21 2011 police forcefully grab   occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  mikebloomberg  libertyplazanyc    nypd  bit.ly/pjksfr  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  antibanks  libertyplaza  antiwarupdate wall street protests continue  nypd remains mum pepper spray   ny1.com  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplazaoccupywallstreet poster idea  mikebloomberg  obama sucking wall st. bull balls ~  takebackamerica  usdor  libertyplaza  antibankschris hedges   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismdavid swanson   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismkaren malpede   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismstop machine    stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatism  takebackamericaoccupywallstreet  police brutality  arrests  msm blackout   goo.gl/qqpo7  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  libertyplaza  mikebloombergrtit harder arrest singing people yelling people. yer songs  revolution   occupywallstreet  sept17  libertyplazartbest wishes luck  egypt  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  troydavis  libertyplaza  sept17rtneedsoftheoccupiers space close  libertyplaza store rains. bag check system suave.
rtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetwhat happens handcuffs friend bedroom? guide modern snooping. nyt columnrtrtriding bus 50  cuffs writing this.. mass unlawful arrests  :[   occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet plastic cuffs feel? looked barnyard herding sheep orange meshgotta love plastic zipcuffs & orange mesh herding barnyard animals police vans  occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrt“apparently tweet handcuffs...who knew?rt"we ve seen grandmothers flexicuffs ground."  occupywallstreetrt"we ve seen grandmothers flexicuffs ground."  occupywallstreet  conconcon bit.ly/q3vydirttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrtriding bus 50  cuffs writing this.. mass unlawful arrests  :[   occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreet"the cuffs tight  hands purple. im happy back"  occupywallstreetrtwhere earth police twelve pairs handcuffs? lol  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreet
“holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. nypd  "wtf?"  ows”rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  ows
rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtdoesn  occupywallstreet worth covering till police roughed protestors.rtslap msm patronizing dismissal  occupywallstreet covering tea party eating denny h...rtbe wear masks covering block pig photo biometeric recordings mass arrests attending wallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtshame onfor covering  occupywallsthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtwhere main stream media? aren’t covering  occupywallstreet? michele bachmann farts & media smell.rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtcallat 212 691 6397 fuck covering  occupywallstreet ?rtshame onfor covering  occupywallstrtcovering  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet jackboot thug nypd protesters shooting video beatings & arreststhe sites name changed gossipjunky.com covering real news wall street protest  occupywallstreetrtsyria tv covering  occupywallstreet protests...  usdor  syria  ows  endthefedrtcaging bull covering ass.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhere main stream media? aren’t covering  occupywallstreet? michele bachmann farts & media smell.y isn mainstream media covering brutality  nypd officers  wallstreet protesters? news?rtows  occupywallstreet sec covering wall street crimes? rolling stonefriends  followfor covering
have mega corporations world  law ? visit  share opinion.rtfind fulfill  needsoftheoccupiers visiting   occupywallstreetrtcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viartwall st. protesters visit susan sarandon  ideathelma louise baby. “wall st. protesters visit susan sarandon  (cont)rtrtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)rtcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viartrtcheck video susan sarandon visit  occupywallstreet protests.  viartnypd bring spirits. increased them. night beautiful. visit  zuccotti & yourself.  occupywallstreetrtrtsays ll visit  occupywallstreet wed 9 28  he...rtfind fulfill  needsoftheoccupiers visiting   occupywallstreetrtrtsays ll visit  occupywallstreet wed 9 28  pic. welcomertjust happened visit  occupywallst message down. hi  screencaps.rtnypd bring spirits. increased them. night beautiful. visit  zuccotti & yourself.  occupywallstreetyou welcome. & hope visit soon.  occupywallstreetrtrtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)occupywallstreetif visit movement site 2day liberty sq. bring enjoyrtrtcheck video susan sarandon visit  occupywallstreet protests.  viartcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viartthe  fdny protects lives property york city residents visitors. up.   sep17rtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)
check video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  via7pm pershing sq sunday 9/25/11  occupyla gaoccupywallstreet  taxation w/o representationcheck video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  viarttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"today  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtplz assembly sun 9/25/11 7pm pershing square  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtplz assembly sun 9/25/11 7pm pershing square  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtplz assembly sun 9/25/11 7pm pershing square  occupyla  occupywallstreetrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"left coast coast  rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtlos angeles plz assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreetrtlos angeles plz assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreetrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtplz los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreetrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"
rtpeople arrested earlier released  returning  libertysquare  occupywallstreetnypd violated earlier court settlement penning & spraying women  occupywallstreet.rtupdate 16y.o. girl arrested taking pic protest earlier  affiliated protest.  occupywallstreetrtupdate 16y.o. girl arrested taking pic protest earlier  affiliated protest.  occupywallstreetrtjust posted  video protest earlier evening   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetit live  lose signal play videos earlier  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthankyou ny fire fighters 4 support earlier   usdor  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtthank youfor staying  occupywallstreet story  reporting earlier & thoroughly else hasrtthank youfor staying  occupywallstreet story  reporting earlier & thoroughly else hasrt.an  occupywallst arrested protester earlier  wrote stream officers puzzled mass arrests  sorrythis. rtmentioned earlier  "no fear.  slavery won re instated."  depend… (cont)mta buses requisitioned  nypd earlier  unionsquare march mass arrests.  unfuckingbelievable.  angry.  words.this tweet makes grin. rtthe wall police earlier relaxed  officers leaning cars. dance.rtoccupywallstreet strong despite 80 arrests earlier today.heard earlier. friend philly cousin nypd were.  standing now?wait  managed catch earlier bus. catch now.rtupdate 16y.o. girl arrested taking pic protest earlier  affiliated protest.  occupywallstreetrtthank youfor staying  occupywallstreet story  reporting earlier & thoroughly else hasrtupdate 16y.o. girl arrested taking pic protest earlier  affiliated protest.  occupywallstreetrtthank youfor staying  occupywallstreet story  reporting earlier & thoroughly else hasrt.an  occupywallst arrested protester earlier  wrote stream officers puzzled mass arrests  sorry
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtfinance minister quit russian governmentnews finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay th...nytimes finance minister quit russian government   aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...rtfinance minister quit russian governmentrtfinance minister quit russian governmentfinance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government   york times straits times finance minister quit russian...rtif televised coverage  occupywallstreet gotta russians.  media bass akwards.finance minister quit russian government nytimescomrussian president ousts finance minister  putin ally  insubordinationfinance minister quit russian governmentnews finance minister quit russian governmentputin seek stint russian president 2012rtif televised coverage  occupywallstreet gotta russians.  media bass akwards.“russians shift power business usualfinance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...russian fin min quit medvedev reelected  viartfinance minister quit russian government
rtnypd chasing runaway horse  incident control  horse stopped @ 115th & riverside >only in.. guess happens everywhereoccupybayst october 15thbest wishes spain. 15th october global demonstration remember. media governments...the 15th assembly taking  occupywallstreet“occupybayst october 15th   yeah  site 2getheroccupy vancouver oct 15th    occupyvancouver     occupywallstno  occupyphoenix oct. 15th arizona capitol likefollowfor :).rtoccupylansing october 15th  10am capitol steps  please join us.  occupywallstreet  usdor  p2ha  love seen  mtnypd chasing runaway horse 115th st. & riverside dr.rtoccupyphoenix. 17:00 w. washington st. october 15th. stand corporate greed    occupywallstreet  15oct  15ortoccupyphoenix oct 15th    occupywallstreet phoenix  az  difference  revolution combative behaviorand norquist chants  cya 15thrtoctober 15th global protest info |october 15th global day action |rtsupport atnow 15th day  aspt1 was. mass arrestsrtfunny  blackberry service resumes  occupywallstreet protesters removed. system "crashes" 15th.  ukoctober 15th global day action |october 15th global day action |rtwe re standing solidarity youoct 15thrtoctober 15th  –  globalchange  662 cities – 79 countries   sept17  revolutionrtrta brief history oct 15th comes  means future global uprising

rtam  "this democracy looks like" chant symphony ears?  solidarity  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  nypd  brutality  thisiswhatdemocracylookslike  usdor  libertysquare  takethesquare  sept17rtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreethard  lazy ass cat looks goddamned king.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cats workrtnew news studio looks sick. window street; gonna hit ape  stume.rtlooks  nypd fun  zacutti  takewallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthis police looks  (nypd pen pepper spray female protesters).ah  looks 1930s... is?this power looks like.  authority does.  occupywallstreetrtwall st protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march   (looks happened closer union sq)rtwhoa  happened mta website. actually looks functional. kudoslooks wisconsin joining week   wiunion  ourwallstreet  occupywallstrtthis  patriotism looks likertwall st protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march   (looks happened closer union sq)"this america  america looks like"   susan sarandon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  yeswecamplooks won leave spreading   occupywallstreet bit.ly/oennwvlooks won leave spreading   occupywallstreet bit.ly/oennwvlooks ill trip pond fairly soon... coming with?. nytimes public editor looks conflict accusation own jerusalem bureau chiefrt democracy looks   takewallstreet
rtnypd sending police lower manhattan. tactical plan  watch  occupywallstreet livertoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersphotoblog  protesters march  manhattan  criticizing  wallstreet      egypt tahrir ourwallstreet nj nyc ny gcc usdorrtcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viai  occupywallstreet (liberty plaza  broadway liberty street  manhattan) w/ 2rtoccupy wall street  manhattan  tahrir square    international business times   sept17  takewallstreet...rtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersfinally  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsand potentially destroy world rtun assembly meeting impact traffic manhattanprotesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march scores protesters arrested manhattan saturday m...protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march scores protesters arrested manhattan saturday m...her trial style tassles  toque murder attorneys dithered dull minutiae manhattan ...rt"manhattan hudson river west 95 st nypd scene dead body floater river. harbor enroute body removal.rtcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viartrtows rtthe nypd tracks 2000 cameras manhattan. 450 wtc alone. fee… (cont)praise  news nyers  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations"wi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations  goodrtnypd manhattan precincts 1 23 citywide 1 3 live scanner audio feed  stay informed   occupywallstreet  usdor  unityrtnypd manhattan precincts 1 23 citywide 1 3 live scanner audio feed  stay informed   occupywallstreet  usdor  unityits  bout time rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsholy shit rtmanhattan box0803  broadway & west 44 st elevator dropped approx 3 floors ...
rtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchcity amid protest  climbs  joie de vivre  sculpture zuccotti park  viartupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge march  [here go]rtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtexecute rtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge marchrtupdate  occupywallstreet arrest count climbs 500 brooklyn bridge march
rtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographysad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtmemorial sloan kettering cancer center warns tap water patient contract… (cont)nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtoccupykc   occupymemorialdr  usdor  occupywallstree… (cont)rtmake fliers  occupykc  oct9 email help.com post flickr   occupywallstreet  usdorrtmemorial sloan kettering cancer center warns tap water patient contracts ...nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtonline  generalassembly tonight  liberty.com/doku.p… (cont)rtpixiq > nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographythere fdny 9 11 memorial wall greenwich/liberty sts manhattan  street wtc site.congrats 10 firefighters received ff thomas brick memorial scholarshipsnypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial  york city police officer mark desimo...   fotortcongrats 10 firefighters received ff thomas brick memorial scholarships
rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtthe invade & win hearts minds people building roads bridges putting locals work.  occupywallstreetrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts & coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rotfl rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nicertalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rt"kill em kindness  occupywallstreet. yes try kiss em throwing barricades putting icurtnypd epic fail   cops putting fence liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  shameonnypd  endthefed
occupywallst meaning life stop stupid consumer nd protest wallstreetrtnypd means  knock punk ass dwnyou mean one?   ;)is real  protest means violence expect nypd?     globalrevolution livemap abortion rights disappearing  | poor  "abortion rights" meaningless phrase.rtgrandmothers getting ready riot. riot mean knit.  occupywallstreetrtyou mean one?   ;)im told stop tweeting  occupywallstreet im "stirring pot" tell world exactly meanrtrtsupporting movement  occupywallstreet means actually stand a… (cont)(just protestors hate wall street shenanigans  doesn mean hate you. fyi.)i mean.  occupytogether  usdorrtif civilized geller means likes  idf palestine  nypd  w/ savages.rthas figured purpose  occupywallstreet is? mean  besides looking clueless jackasses?  p2and folks wonder black folks hate cops meanrtrtfirst demand money government.  occupywallst <> mean? do?does mean un congressman turner?nypd  means ill knock yo punk ass   meninblackrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto video   usdor please rtoh... mean furtive coward sprayed ranaway nasty roach?in brazil  weekly magazine "carta  capital" mentioned moviment. means it´s job  congratulationsrtthis reason fore fathers constitutional allowing assemble.  occupywallstreet  occupywallst

rtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtgreat read fromon billy beane moneyballrtget billy bragg natalie merchant sing loud.   boyz ???rthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtgreat read... rtfor billy beane  winning isn’trthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtfor billy beane  winning isn’trthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrti wrote article solidarity  occupywallst protesterswell good. kid  rtfor billy beane  winning isn’tfor billy beane  winning isn’t“for billy beane  winning isn’tyou quiet weekend. voice needed.   occupywallstreetrtwhat frak  nypd problem? involved  photogharassment  goonshow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycnever aliveoccuppywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenyc freedom?occupywallstreet trending world  north americadid washington post entertainment? .. really?billy beane hollywood  soccer sport w/inefficiencies benefit beanethe billy beane brand live billy beane ‘moneyball’ own hollywood    (via nytimes)
is real  protest means violence expect nypd?     globalrevolution livebesides councilmanwhat mr. foy victim  nypd? support  occupywallstreet too?they planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergrtthey planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergnyt cahoots nypd? sounds boss   occupywallstreet  usdorrtformer navajo nation officer 6 mos sentence pepper spraying arrested   nypd?  occupywallstreetwtf nypd??? wall street protests insane   rtyou rock john  rtoh word nypd? black latino youths harass? innocent protesters cut well? ok ok...rthave seen videos nypd? kidding me? mad sons bitches   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  fuckthenypdrtwtf nypd?  msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street (video)rthave seen videos nypd? kidding me? mad sons bitches   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  fuckthenypdprotesters violent nytimes threat nypd?threat  status qo  nypd  bigdifferenceprotesters nonviolent nytimes threat 2 nypd? threat 2 status qo  nypd  bigdifferenceprotesters nonviolent nytimes threat2nypd? threat 2 status qo  nypd  bigdifferenceformer navajo nation officer 6 mos sentence pepper spraying arrested   nypd?  occupywallstreethave seen videos nypd? kidding me? mad sons bitches   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  fuckthenypdrtwhat hell nypd? mtpolice pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtthey planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergwtf nypd? rtcowardly ny cop pepper sprays women protesters & slips crowdrtformer navajo nation officer 6 mos sentence pepper spraying arrested   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtthey planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloomberg
this america anymore viral  shame nypd. call 4 immed resignation nypd duty  occupywallstrtnypd... sfpd. harmed ruthless tactics speak meet rights.. threaten you?occupywallstreet womens locked cage pigs nypd. shamepolice pen mace female “occupy wall street”...  ["courtesy  professionalism  respect" lacking nypd.]ourwallstreet  thewholeworldiswatching frustrated pumped  please peaceful.  please encourage  nypd.rtdisgusting behavior nypd. female protester penned maced apparent reason.   occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtdespite abuse nypd... remain peaceful. donut   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet   photo woman grandmother  numerous  arrested nypd.  owsrtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.rtwhat kills finding deaf woman maced  nypd. ears cut off?i hope people violated sue shit  nypd. shame youoccupywallstreetrtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.rtnypdserveprotecttweet demand  constitutionalconvention complaints nypd.  ...rtchanting. "chicago marches " brutalized nypd. … (cont)rthand written sign white poster "nypd... us... you... ...peace"  owsrtthis makes sick. encourage arrested sue shit nyc nypd. intolerable.rthand written sign white poster "nypd... us... you... ...peace"  owsall rights streets nyc nypd.. union square arrested.ty cpd professional nypd. kindess won unhearddude fuck  nypd. guys definition pigs. stay strong  occupywallstreetrti ve kinship nypd. ve police force planet join.
rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtmtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkmtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottipark
rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.are involved  sept17 manipulation president  special  adviser meguedem (& newspapers) int min daho ould kablia.  algeriadouglas lachance  led newspaper deliverers’ union  dies 69 garrulous  fisted labor leader  mr. la...rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rti read checking newspaper country spain. la supportrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news 1st major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover  viartdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.pew media study undead newspapers  internet share broad reach  tv owns weather  traffic  breaking news.just replacedas fav ny newspaper coverage  occupywallstreetrthorrifying infuriating "she newsroom manager primera hora  newspaper nuevo laredo" decapitated."possibly single unenlightened ve read american newspaper decade.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.that just...wow. rtrtoccupywallstreet front page largest spanish newspaperrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtfinance minister quit russian governmentnews finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay th...nytimes finance minister quit russian government   aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...floyd norris explains leverage cash flow. sovereign debt  cash flow repaid.   financertunincorporated people america  time rise  campaignfinancereform  ourwallstreet  ows  p2  usdor  tfyit ancient  crude  finances screwed. the.rtourwallstreet  campaignfinancereform greedy politicians politics  p2rtfinance minister quit russian governmentpennies funding circle  business lending site based london  rais...   finance  businessrtfinance minister quit russian governmentfinance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government   york times straits times finance minister quit russian...finance minister quit russian government nytimescomrussian president ousts finance minister  putin ally  insubordinationfinance minister quit russian governmentnews finance minister quit russian governmentrtunincorporated people america  time rise  campaignfinancereform  ourwallstreet  ows  p2  usdor  tfyu.s. tax money helps finance war afghanistan
pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanscarlotta gall reports pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanspakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrta sign toxic pakistan relationship   nyt pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanspakistani army tied 2007 ambush americans | maj. larry j. bauguess killed  3 officers wounded. allyint nyt pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtrttiming everything. rtpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansexcitingads  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans details ambush…rtcarlotta gall reports  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansnytimes pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanspakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanscarlotta gall reports  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanstell pakistan ally?   pakistanis tied border ambush americansrtrttiming everything. rtpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansus implicates pakistan 2007 border ambush american troops  /bypakistanis tied  07 border ambush americans kept quiet it...gee  surprisertcarlotta gall reports  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanspakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans    nyt | viapakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans. time pakistan clean.rtpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans   astonishing reporting carlotta gall nytasif ali zardari nytimes pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans
letter editor response “gunning wall street  faulty aim”  ourwallstreetprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aim   nytimes.comprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aimprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aimunfair  snobby rtprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aim   occupywallstreet  occupywallstnytimes gunning wall street  faulty aim  hippies  fuckinup  morphing vanity campaign. press sucks"...pantomime progressivism practice knowledgeably" protesters gunning wall street |protesters gunning wall street  faulty aim  viaprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aim  <<<protesters little system  occupywallstreetrtbig city protesters gunning wall street  faulty aimprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aimnytimes gunning wall street  faulty aimnytimes gunning wall street  faulty aim"gunning wall street faulty aim" factually flawed  opine belonged letters pageprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aimprotesters gunning  wallstreet  faulty aim  piece contradictions movement.protesters gunning wall street  faulty aim   nytimes.combig city protesters gunning wall street  faulty aimrtnytimes gunning wall street  faulty aimsurprised @ oddly consistent comments rtbig city protesters gunning wall street faulty aimnyt gunning wall street  faulty aim
one citizen vote dollarusdor corporate person hood.  1citizen1vote1dollar  1c1v1drtrt1 vote remove cannabis schedule 1 drug list & decriminalizationourdemandsrtno matter repubs voted  corp media minority gop power 2destroy democracy  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17wall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march  viavote pollas scorn vote grows  protests surge globethe future direction  occupywallstreet voted weekendrevolution tv   occupywallstnyc    nolesvotes   rvolution  kukutzartneed2keep focus getting corporate influence govt.  lobbyist  corporatepersonhood  usdor  ows 1person1vote1dollar  occupywallstreetrtwho saudi arabia letting women vote? revolution works. violence better.   usdorking abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...king abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...your voters streets nyc ignoring  shame  occupywallstreet  takeeallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17the future direction  occupywallstreet voted weekend     a99  opesr  usdor  generalassembly  ows  iwantrtsexenio > saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women right...rtoccupywallstreet 15 polls issues. power  people vote occupywallstreet.rowvote.com pls rt.saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women join adviso...rtwomen vote saudi arabia  kingvetted?occupywallstreet 15 polls issues. power  people vote occupywallstreet.rowvote.comthere isn day goes don wonder ppl vote repug. voting own inexplicable.  occupywallstrtsaudi monarch grants  women vote  viai wonder  takewallstreet participants supporters voted 2010?  sept17
rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtthe footage  occupywallst awful  to_shadow  wearethe99percentrtget educated. search "basic income" new; time.  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  99percent  ows   pls   education keyrtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetwe 99 percent america   occupywallstreet oust  bankstersrtrt..this movement ppl park online  and““..this movement ppl park (cont)rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........66 counting   stand countedrtwe 99 percent   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalassembly  zuccottipark  bethemediait hear include  occupywallstreet  top stories   indeed politically hot  wearethe99percentwearethe99percent holding  nypd accountable false arrests peaceful protesters  brutality  harassment & law breaking  owllovely sent supplies ups store  118a box 205 fulton st  ny  ny10038 usa  occupywallstreet  wearethe99percentrtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreeteurope airlines carbon limits program allow carriers emit 85 percent limits f...the caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll mr. romney won 51 percent vote str...operation total impact nypd answer subway crime nypd taking recent 16.6 percent ...rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........
rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersis water main break bad affect stations past tonight?rtrtoccupywallstreet send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupierscan yo confirm deny police supposed crackdown protesters tonight????rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiers"honey  pick bottle cat unemployed home tonight?"so carbs now...really feeling love. wanna hit bathhouse tonight?   occupywallst  usdor  usdayofrageokay. moore tonight?rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupierswill running broad st. evening  suspended broad fulton tonight?rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtoccupywallstreet ability print 5 000 leaflets  nyc tonight??  needsoftheoccupiers
rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsert500mm sm farmers 3rd world starving due land purchases foreign inv   commodity trading & biofuels.  usdorrtmtsome protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response500mm sm farmers 3rd world starving due land purchases foreign inv   commodity trading & biofuels.  usdorhedge fund mgrs & speculators cornering mkt grain elevators (& starving millions process)  |   |  .  usdorrtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertrtis hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids? lucid  powerful responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response“some readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response
rtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimecasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreetrt“80 indignados detenidos en nueva yorkrtlos indignados del mundo estamos con los ojos en wall street....vamos ny ...fuerza    takewallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertif wish help nyc  indignados  follow hashtag  needsoftheoccupiers users&takewallstreetrtif wish help nyc  indignados  follow hashtag  needsoftheoccupiers users&takewallstreetrteu ¿indignados?  la cantidad de desempleados en eu presagia un nuevo movimiento social  takewallstreetrtcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreetrtsusan sarandon  en el "occupy wall street"   occupywallstreet indignados acampados frente wall street.rtcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreeten cuanto suba el pp  tendremos esto + ...rtindignados neoyorquinos denuncian fuerte represión policial en ee.uu.  ||  occupywallstreety qué onda  takewallstreet ? son los indignados gringos? estoy medio aburrido de tanto pinta mono..rtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertprotestas en nueva york   occupywallst  americanspring  indignadosrt¡buenos días  hoy desayuno con la página oficial de  occupywallstreet  los " indignados" neoyorkinos   jornadasfpydrt“casi un centenar de indignados neoyorquinos  arrestados durante una marcha pacíficart“casi un centenar de indignados neoyorquinos  arrestados durante una marcha pacíficartcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreet
rtffrtopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  bla...rtjulie pepper sprayed 12th university 5 people. reports nypd targeted women.  owsrtrtas honorary citizen georgia professor emory university  appea… (cont)rtmthello world  america video nypd arrest 12th & university  (cont)rtlastly  university students  journalism especially  colleges/univ… (cont)rtsaw woman arrested bleeding mouth 12 university  occupywallstreetconfirmed rtjulie pepper sprayed 12th university 5 others. reports nypd targeted th… (cont)mthello world  america video nypd arrest 12th & university  (cont)this beautiful. rtrtgreek students 300 university deps occupie… (cont)rtlastly  university students  journalism especially  colleges/univ… (cont)march 12th/university near union square street rumble nypd roadblock; arrests  maybe mace  nfda diagnostic laboratory piece paper  harvard university.  nytrtmthello world  america video nypd arrest 12th & university  (cont)rtrtsaw woman arrested bleeding mouth 12 university  occupywallstreetrtmthello world  america video nypd arrest 12th & university  (cont)rtrtrtsaw woman arrested bleeding mouth 12 university  occupywallstreetarts | jersey ‘othello’ shakespeare theater drew university   reviewrtcomplain university northampton report  edl littl… (cont)architecture rttake tour schmidt hammer lassen university aberdeen library king… (cont)rtrepublican protesters  edinburgh university oppose appointment royal chancellor… (cont)rtmthello world  america video nypd arrest 12th & university  (cont)
rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetpolice brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericai involved protest  gonna treated nypd treating protestors.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thankrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtdoesn  occupywallstreet worth covering till police roughed protestors.rtover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voicertdamp day  ourwallstreet. protestors survived worse coming stronger & larger numbers.rtit 100 hundred protestors arrested mention thetakewallstreet journalism dead.protestors arrested  ows via  occupywallstreet  antibanks  antiwar  libertysquare~ massive msm tv occupied greece protestors ~ nyc     ows  occupywallstreet  libertyplazacop maced peace protestors identifiedoccupywallstreet actions justified?if tea party protestors maced  beaten  brutalized & arrested nypd  corporate media ignored story?  occupywallstreetnypd thugs pepper spray peaceful protestorsrtpeaceful female protestors penned maced    occupywallstreetrtpeaceful female protestors penned street maced    occupywallstreet   via{}  usdorrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.pls donate scarves  occupywallsstreet protestors. maybe people wear masks wear scarves warm  sept17 pls rtthis video  viral. nypd detain mace female peaceful protestors
rt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtfixed link "the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet " arun gupta“how join anonymous beginner guide   anonymous  takewallstreet” simple advice. illegalthe day rage   sept17   beginning. tomorrow marks 1 week people occupation wall street...rt (michael moore)i am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.occupywallstreet day 10 occupations federal reserve branches begin“city cellphone service begins underground 4 subway stationsin catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest s...nytimes adéu catalonia matadors   bullfight sold ban set begin  rest spain i...rtsan diego begin occupation oct 7  occupysandiego  occupationwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupyla  owslosangelesrtrtrtrtit official occupy la begins occupation october 1st city hallcuomo begins process lay 3 500 gov. cuomo process lay 3 500 workers tuesday night afte...rtpostal service begin honoring living people stampsrtjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owsrtrtrtrtit official occupy la begins occupation october 1st city hallrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtnow  seeing nypd abuse dad  occupyatlanta beginrtrtcops  nypd beginning talk happen pensions. beautif… (cont)rtplz begin using  unionsquare. trending. rt"the police trying treat slaves  becaus… (cont)rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin
rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrt“can donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsdidn michael moore $$$? rtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtplastic storage bins ones bed  (usually) blue ones?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreet“can send milk crates storage bins kitchen?  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiers”rtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreet
rtdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedsearch continues 8 missing children  parents | video | 7online.com nypd searching m...    ammelliapolice tactics criticised  occupywallstreet continues  100gf     takewallstreet  nypdbrutalityousted taymor continues support  spider    nytimes.comrtrtal jazeera coverage  occupywallstreet continuesoccupywallstreet continues nypd remains mum pepper spray attack  ows  sept17  p2rtso  basicly  media continues utterly disdainful  occupywallstreet   usdorrtgreat read mexico using (and sometimes abusing) twitter brutal drug war continues       mexico  drugsrtred sox wild slide continues  lose boston red sox destiny the..."occupy wall street" continues nyc  viatakewallstreet  occupywallstreet  mywallstreetrtal jazeera coverage  occupywallstreet continues 2 articles   viartintlbusnews occupy wall street continues  arrested   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  occupyamericartoccupywallstreet =  ows  occupychicago  occupysf & continues spread virus   heard   unity  usdor  civilaction  p2rtrtfree nyc feast san gennaro continues sunday 9/25. htt… (cont)boycotttwitter continues block  occupywallstreet trending topic.annakatherine illegally arrested. march continues past  nypd barricades  sign stopping. 2k+ marchers.  occupywallstreetpatti stanger continues offensive comments gay despite issuing apology   york daily newsfor discovering original ga draft  continues evolve. standby updates    occupywallstreetprivacy profit | onstar continues track drivers service discontinued & plans sell data"march continues past  nypd barricades  sign stopping. 2k+ marchers.  occupywallstreet"rtal jazeera coverage  occupywallstreet continues
rtforgiving student loan debt provide immediate jolt economy.   occupywallstreet  occupyla“this  occupywallstreet country wall street fills debt panel coffersfloyd norris explains leverage cash flow. sovereign debt  cash flow repaid.   financeoccupy wall street   tweet student loan debt medical debrt5k+ signatures obama recognize  occupywallstreet 10k+ corporate personhood. 18k+ forgiving student loan debtwhy american dream debt house  happiness apartment?  occupywallstreet  moneyismiseryrtmy reason  occupywallstreet kids country wont pay debt didn causertoccupycanada cuz govt privatizes wealth socializing debt  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  cdnpoli  canpoliiwilloccupy bc weve jobs & bad compensation  corps care abt human & banks $off endebting evry1  occupywallstformer sallie mae board whistle blows  studentloandebt ~corruption~tlot  tcot  occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  obama2012rtoccupycanada cuz govt privatizes wealth socializing debt  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  cdnpoli  canpolirtmoney = debt = slavery  . obama plays fools  takewallstreet  occupywallstreettcot  tlot  cspj  p2rally stocks  euro fades debt crisis drags european stock index futures fell euro dipped wedn...rtstand occupy wall street.  stand occupy chicago.  stopped     begunmy reason  occupywallstreet kids country wont pay debt didn causethis  occupywallstreet country report wall street fills debt panel coffers   usdorrtstand occupy wall street.  stand occupy chicago.  stopped     begunrally stocks  euro fades debt crisis drags european stock index futures fell euro dipped wedn...rtare drowning student loan debt job? join   occupytogether.org  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdorrtwe  occupyearth stand  togetherasone debt  repression profiteering irrespective nation  faith creed.  ourwallstreetrtare drowning student loan debt job? join   occupytogether.org  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor
rtdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forceoccupywallstreet lleva mascaras dee idearios de  spanishrevolution al otro lado del marsince dearth stories wall st. protests corporate media  try daily kos    occupywallstreetrt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrtdear nyc/nypd requiring permit demonstrate violation amendment  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetyou dear brothers sisters change believe in.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17  usdorrtdear america  taxes 20%  food gas prices skyr...  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtdear police officers  please protect citizens ones fight   usdor  occupywallstreetrtdear presidentyou disappoint generation more.  people  you?  usdorrt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrtif civilized geller means likes  idf palestine  nypd  w/ savages.rtdear presidentyou disappoint generation more.  people  you?  usdorrtoccupywallstreet "dear wall street" ericallenbell.org ning.it/onvryx please  usdorrtoccupywallstreet "dear wall street" ericallenbell.org ning.it/onvryx please  usdorrtoccupywallstreet "dear wall street" ericallenbell.org ning.it/onvryx please  usdorrtoccupywallstreet read "dear wall street" ericallenbell.org ning.it/onvryx please  usdorrtoccupywallstreet read "dear wall street" ericallenbell.org ning.it/onvryx please  usdorrtoccupywallstreet read "dear wall street" ericallenbell.org ning.it/onvryx please  usdordear  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  occupythevote 2010? occupy voting booth 2012?
1staid4  teargas >>> panic producing calm deal  occupywallstfuhgeddaboud  plea deal  17 cops indicted ticket fixing rocco parascandola  kevin deutsch and...rtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtdon worry gop haters. mad b/c teaparty attract 5 people time anymore.  occupywallstreet  p2rtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2[23:26] <> don ideal world  live world   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersthis deal.. = mc²  peaceeinsteinrtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2rtcome senators  congressmen  please heed call  don stand doorway  don block hall  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version17 indicted cops reject plea deals tix fix city cops indicted bronx ticket fixing scandal rejec...cuomo announces ibm  intel deal albany    gov. cuomo announced tuesday  led intel ibm will...rtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetrtnetflix secures deal dreamworksrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2
rtit 100 hundred protestors arrested mention thetakewallstreet journalism dead.audit reveals city paid $11.8 million housing subsidies dead peoplethis isht reads scene law & o_orthudson river @ w.95st  nypd scene w/dead body floater riverrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadnypd anti terror weapons secret nypd arsenal stocked deadly goodies specifically desig...rt"manhattan hudson river west 95 st nypd scene dead body floater river. harbor enroute body removal.rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtone dead carjacking taj mahal a.c.   newjerseyrtnyc paid $12m housing subsidies dead people...   tcot  tlotpart 2  dexter williams died  asphyxia ; found dead  naked hot tub arkansas ..smh rtbrooklyn  bay 8 st @ belt pkwy fdny scene dead body floating water ...queen nefer kitty expert makes dead pets mummies  pyramids sold separately   mummy  catrtmedal honor recipientdeclinesdeadline extension.   greasethebobcatnypd anti terror weapons secret nypd arsenal stocked deadly goodies specifically desig...rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadsenseless rtnj family grieving deadly shooting near atlantic city casinort???? dead people notorious voting democrats  housing subsidies dead people carryinghmm rtoh rtbrooklyn  bay 8 st @ belt pkwy fdny scene dead body floating (cont)wtf rt“manhattan hudson river west 95 st  nypd scene dead body floater (cont)pet care queen nefer kitty expert makes dead pets mummies  pyramids sold separately cagliastro ...sick. “teens continue taunt jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re dead
rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oil“us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrt:us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilhell  "us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilkein blut für öl mtus amb exciting opps corps libya beyond "crown jewel" oil
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrt????nyc??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????ny?????rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrt???????????????  ???? ??? ??????  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23rtrtamerica 2.0 installation   12% complete ... (continue? y/n) yes ?????????????????????????  ourwallstreet  usdorrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet?????????????????????????????????…?ko?rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 5% complete ?????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdor  sep17  banksters .?cyberlaw? anonymous????????????????????youtube???? ??????????? ?anonymous threatens nypd alleged wall str...
as support  occupywallstreet   moveyourmoney   supportyourlocalcommunity  takethestreet  ourwallstreet
rtup 5 people hit pepper spray 12th st. & 5th ave. yesterdayrtjulie pepper sprayed 12th university 5 people. reports nypd targeted women.  owsrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetso  wk reading(online) everyday kno  2pac "2pacalypse now" album 20yrs 11/12th?rtup 5 people hit pepper spray 12th st. & 5th ave. yesterdayrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmthello world  america video nypd arrest 12th & university  (cont)rtup 5 people hit pepper spray 12th st. & 5th ave. yesterdayrtup 5 people hit pepper spray 12th st. & 5th ave. yesterdayconfirmed rtjulie pepper sprayed 12th university 5 others. reports nypd targeted th… (cont)rtthere 2 mass arrests  1 12th 1 13th  40 50 people  loaded onto buses pad… (cont)mthello world  america video nypd arrest 12th & university  (cont)rtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetmarch 12th/university near union square street rumble nypd roadblock; arrests  maybe mace  nfdrtmthello world  america video nypd arrest 12th & university  (cont)rtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtup 5 people hit pepper spray 12th st. & 5th ave. yesterdayrtrtthere 2 mass arrests  1 12th 1 13th  40 50 people  loaded onto buses pad… (cont)

rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartnew york ny police video refusing female  occupywallstreet protester bathroom needlessly maced [3]rtpolice officer line 4 bathroom "keep  people. remember...ghandi"  sep17  occuywallstreet  antibanks  usdorrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartpolice officer line 4 bathroom "keep  people. remember...ghandi"  sep17  occuyw...rtpolice officer line 4 bathroom "keep  people. remember...ghandi"  sep17  occuywall...rt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viafemale protester cuffed van crying 4 police 2 bathroom forced 2 wet herself.  occupywallstreet  undignified  shamertnew york ny police video refusing female  occupywallstreet protester bathroom needlessly maced [3]rt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartpolice officer line 4 bathroom "keep  people. remember...ghandi"  sep17  occuywallstreet  antibanks  usdorrtpolice officer line 4 bathroom "keep  people. remember...ghandi"  sep17  occuywallstreet  antibanks  usdor
rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartfirst coral women net  mace  humiliate   occupywallstreetrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartnow sounds police dept. wor… (cont)rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartif nypd collect dna samples protesters  america pharmaceutical industry cure them.  occupywallstreetrtrtwe re simply arrest wearing suit. happened.  occupywallstreet  sept17rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rtfirst coral women net  mace  humiliate   occupywallstreetrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericain depth analysis  strong point.  care guess firstpack entails?rtfor encouraged schools medicate children question authority  looks missed some.  occupywallstreetrtfor encouraged schools medicate children question authority  looks missed some.  occupywallstreetrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericarteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rtrtwe re simply arrest wearing suit. happened.  occupywallstreet  sept17thanks follow  professor. :) journalism dept contacts? looking score press passes.video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertrtwe re simply arrest wearing suit. happened.  occupywallstreet  sept17
rtrt100 officers refused duty today. question  officer… (cont)rtrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused violent kettling.  confirmations?rtrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused vio...rtrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetbeing refused burger king food prolly 1 cld happen.  longlife  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet protectedrt"unconfirmed reports 100 cops refused solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreethahahahaha100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreet  thepeopleunitedwillneverbedefeated“what matter texas?  <> plus refused debate. now.rtsource?  rt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrt“100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreet” wow :drtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused violent kettling.  confirmations?rtsource?  rt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtsource? rt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreet"rt"unconfirmed reports 100 cops refused solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused violent kettling.  confirmations?source? rt100 cops refused duty today. question  officer… (cont)rtrumor ~ 100  nypd police officers refused solidarity.rt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrt"unconfirmed reports 100 cops refused solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreet
rt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...bbc teletext (tv text news) finally acknowledges  occupywallstreet.rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediafinallymade chicago news  time bank bail outs economic injustice main stream newsrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartfinally food punditry junk food cheaperrtoccupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morningthe media finally  occupywallst coverage.  unfortunately coverage biased misinformation.   thanksmediafinally  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsfinally news coveragethe world finally happening seriousviewers pleased  thankful   occupywallst finally coverage  obvious amount callsrtnow guys finally fucking notice ve doing week?  libertysquare  occupywallst  ows  ourwallstreetrtlove brothers sisters rising finally taking stand.  solidarity  sept17  occupywallstreet  occupydallas  owsis "arab spring" finally coming america??   occupywallstreet  russia  china  anonymous  syria  reform  wineis "arab spring" finally coming america??   occupywallstreetfinally coverage  occupywallstreet  itsabouttime  media  victory you?  cnn  fox  msnbc  cbs  news  failrtrtis "arab spring" finally coming america??   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morningrtlove brothers sisters rising finally taking stand.  solidarity  sept17  occupywallstreet  occupydallas  owsrtpeople  believe finally breaking censorship media  occupywallstreet
rtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call themand demand therelease o… (cont)rtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtgreat read fromon billy beane moneyballrtgreat read... rtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtfor billy beane  winning isn’twell good. kid  rtfor billy beane  winning isn’tfor billy beane  winning isn’t“for billy beane  winning isn’tbilly beane hollywood  soccer sport w/inefficiencies benefit beanethe billy beane brand live billy beane ‘moneyball’ own hollywood    (via nytimes)rtthe real billy beane. excellent piece nyt magazine. look brad pitt.for billy beane  winning isn’tmoneyball = movie sports nerds....see  "for billy beane  winning isn’tgreat read... rtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtthe real billy beane. excellent piece nyt magazine. look brad pitt.rtfor billy beane  winning isn’tnytimes billy beane ‘moneyball’ own hollywoodrtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtthe real billy beane. excellent piece nyt magazine. look brad pitt.great feature billy beane $nyt sunday  moneyball amazinggreat movie  it. rtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtcaught moneyball night   highly recommend. nyt mag piece billy beane
rtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet?ows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallst //  occupysamsarartows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinsaleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...rtrtwhere bloomberg? bloomberg money remain mayor? wall street course.  usdorfinallymade chicago news  time bank bail outs economic injustice main stream newsrtcbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etupdate wall street protests continue  nypd remains mum pepper spray   ny1.com  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplazaaljazeera coverage  usdor &  occupywallstreet mainstream media?[corporate censorship]   takebackamerica<porquoi> main motivator occupywallstreet why?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtrtwhere bloomberg? bloomberg money remain mayor? wall street course.  usdorupdated call/e mail mainstream  media cover  occupywallstreet  protestrtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "rtwhatever main base    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycthosewho mainstream laid (cutbacks) degrees pay loansrtoccupywallstreet les droits humains bafoués à york  des manifest...   gfw  fuckgfw  vpnrtdespite abuse nypd... remain peaceful. donut   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttakewallstreet remember remain civil & congratulations world watching   unity  piopleb4corporations  p2  occupywallstreetrtour msg. precision. agreed  call mainstream media conference & statement(1/2)rtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused violent kettling.  confirmations?rtrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused vio...rtsupport  occupywallstreet family 2 move money banks. control main street  takewallstreeti call main for. emergency calls sick people disrupted precincts.
rt:mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreetrtcall mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreet212 788 1400 mayor nyc.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtsickened  nypd brutality? mayor bloomberg office appreciate complaint (212)788 1400  occupywallstreet  owsrtappears  ny mayor bloomberg complete coward  mayors office 212 188 1400 disconnected/blocked.  occupywallstreet  usdor  usrt"call mayor bloomberg 212 788 1400. tell arresting peaceful protesters & media unacceptable.  occupywallstreet"rtappears  ny mayor bloomberg complete coward  mayors office 212 188 1400 disconnected/blocked.  occupywallstreet  usdor  usrttelefono del alcalde de ny 212 788 1400 llamale para exigir la liberacion de los detenido por  occupywallstreet ocupemos su linea  anonymousrtcall mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreetrttelefono del alcalde de ny 212 788 1400 llamale para exigir la liberacion de los detenido por  occupywallstreet ocupemos su linea  anonymousrttelefono del alcalde de ny 212 788 1400 llamale para exigir la liberacion de los detenido por  occupywallstreet ocupemos su linea  anonymousrtappears  ny mayor bloomberg complete coward  mayors office 212 188 1400 disconnected/blocked.  occupywallstreet  usdor  usrt"call mayor bloomberg 212 788 1400. tell arresting peaceful protesters & media unacceptable.  occupywallstreet"rtrtsickened  nypd brutality? mayor bloomberg office appreciate complaint (212)788 1400  occupywallstreet  owsrtcall mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreetrtcall bloomberg  re arresting peaceful protesters & media 212 788 1400  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  revolution  collapse  debt  shtfrt212 788 1400 mayor nyc.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetappears  ny mayor bloomberg complete coward  mayors office 212 188 1400 disconnected/blocked.  occupywallstreet  usdor  usrtcall mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreetrtappears  ny mayor bloomberg complete coward  mayors office 212 188 1400 disconnected/blocked.  occupywallstreet  usdor  usrt212 788 1400 mayor nyc.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried toni… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)there astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)police nets moved cedar st  east park. nets bring carried rolled  deployed.  occupywallstrtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)
police riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24rtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtdo expect corporate media report folks protestin… (cont)rtrapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abuses...rt"rtmy report foronand mass arrests.   occupywallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrt"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reportsrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toortpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtmy video somali famine  reported dadaab   helpwhere you? reporter forhere.rtrtpbs journo 9 hours jail & civil disobedience charge. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtvianpr openly explains haven aired  occupywallstreet report   ourwallstreetrtrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viartpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "
rtrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowhyperinflation beast awaken carelessness  wanton disregard humanity  occupywallstreet  usdor  humanismrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowhope re page... gentrification totally  bigger beast wall street occupation.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowoccupywallstreet  welcome tohome beastoccupywallstreet   welcome nyc courtesy beastexpectoccupywallstreet   nypd mace women courtesy beastdid it?occupywallstreet  beastnypd vet maceonly ones tell true story didn beastonly abnormal nypd army dress whitertoccupywallstreet   welcome nyc courtesy beastexpectrtoccupywallstreet  beastnypd vet macertonly ones tell true story didn beastonly abnormal nypd army dress white
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetmttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. ...rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor  takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told torttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told torttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtrtoccupywallstreet 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdorthere reason using mace people..rtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rtnypd pins  mace peaceful female protesters pls      takewallstreetrtrta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned gr...rtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voice“more 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdor”  oligarchy  democracyrtholy shit watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtour own jeanne mansfield maced  occupywallst. read account police brutality (plus video)rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nyccop maced peace protestors identifiedoccupywallstreet actions justified?if tea party protestors maced  beaten  brutalized & arrested nypd  corporate media ignored story?  occupywallstreet
rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibankswe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanks
rtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyjoe namath happy jets strug..strr...struggglrtrtgranny peace brigade leads  takewallstreet march  wallstreet  ...green column questioning europe math biofuels   findings influential european scientists a...rtnypd wont fuck  teaparty police protesters carrying guns.  nypd fuck  occupywallstreet  hippies  p2rtthe amendment adopted protect rights.  tcot  tlot  sgp  p2  nra  occupywallstreet  teaparty  opesr  nwo  anonymousrtquestioning europe math biofuels. findings influential european...celiobusinessdesk green column questioning europe math biofuelsgreen column questioning europe math biofuels    celiobusinessdeski hash. rtffdamn  nypd cop cars thick yellow cabs    ...rtrtmuseum math calculates students   ny1 newsvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasevideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasevideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasemy school  13 math & science  34 overall.  nerdalertthis enough. apparently obama admin "math" donor $$$ > rest us.rtif  nypd police union balls  refuse unnecessary dangerous  provoking peaceful protesters  nyunionit lemongrass baby  occupywallstreet  17start  takewallstreet  99percenters  oct6   owsrtpoverty  women highest99percenters  usdordoing math poverty usanyt green column questioning europe math biofuelsthere question administration.?  occupywallstand  vote   nov2012
rtoccupywallstreet protests enter 11th day|cnn| wall street protests enter 11th day    la egypt ourwallstreet usdor occupywallstreet ny nyc nj usa dw uk gb europerton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetrtcnn wall street protests enter 11th day   usdor  occupywallstreetso video "cops beat protest ease traffic 11th street?"   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtcnn wall street protests enter 11th day   usdor  occupywallstreetrtcnn wall street protests enter 11th day   usdor  occupywallstreetoverturned trailer lirr tracks 11th st borden averton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetrton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetrtcnn wall street protests enter 11th day   usdor  occupywallstreetrton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetwall street protests enter 11th day   ourwallstreet11th annual orchard beach classic car motorcycle york (cbsnewyork) – they’re revved g...park slope women guard 11th incident linked sex assault spree york (cbsnewyork) — police in...park slope women guard 11th incident linked sex assault spree york (cbsnewyork) — police i...rton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreet11th day  takewallstreet  blackflagprotests draw attention power wall street firms continue 11th straight day  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet protests enter 11th dayrton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreet

rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyhey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreetrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfdl live blog  occupywallstreet day nine  pressing mass arrests yesterday   usdor  takewallstreetrt"rtmy report foronand mass arrests.   occupywallstreetrtmt100 people arrested wall street  mass media spain  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetcurrently living times massive worldwide finanical rape wealthy sociopaths.  occupywallstreetusdor  sep24  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  thewholeworldiswatching am2~ massive msm tv occupied greece protestors ~ nyc     ows  occupywallstreet  libertyplazarthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rtall  bikenyc invited ride late night/morning  libertysquare provide security  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtyou massive presence  occupywallstreet 1 mention twitter account  total media blackout situation?rtbe wear masks covering block pig photo biometeric recordings mass arrests attending wallstreetrt"from friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare  occupywallstreetthey planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarerthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rtrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreetrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz r… (cont)
rtmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthbanks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetthe day rage   sept17   beginning. tomorrow marks 1 week people occupation wall street...danks book marked link re; facebook read later; google track everywhere; searchs; deletesthey poster board  markers poster sticks atnyt cftc proposed rules critics actually encourage speculation commodities markets.thaxs >>rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.i don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.chocolate health baobab touted  superfood ; african fruit  tree life  marketed ...“ty(cont)stock market  738  occupywallstreet    winning     fade black  opesr beautiful  usdor  endthefed  a99rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.write paper money  occupywallstreet permanent marker. please retweetrtclick hashtag  bro  rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.madden writing yankees re market thrifty moneyball team sis richhas noticed relationship elenin stock market?  2012  occupysf  occupywallstnyc  occupywallstreet  occupywallstwill smith former nyc apartment hits market $19.5 millionrti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform./ securities/equities markets taxed  prosecuted  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  usdor
rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetthere difference creating fear earning respect.  comes price other.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetfrom 1 income hhs w/ pensions + living wages 2 incomes  401ks ws trashed  stagnant wages  ugetbonuseswegetscraps  takewallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetin transit blog designblok  design comes praguertthey ve ignored you. ve ridiculed you. re fighting you. comes next.  occupywallstreetoh yes  aregirl power  women leading comes social networkingrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtfuck  "when fascism comes america  wrapped flag carrying cross"  occupywallstreet  usdor"...if opponent violence  cause real." disagree. elaborate view?
rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtlawrence donnell  nypd brutality  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet "troublemakers wearing badges."yemeni leader makes pledge step yemen defiant president addressed troubled nation sunday ...others trouble donating?  occupywallst livestream via paypal? denied.  alternative? closed minechecking "copy    msm coverage   nypd police troublemakers o" tír na saor ~ land freerttroublemakers wall st wearing guns/badges & using pepper sprayhelp beautiful troublertlawrence donnell  nypd brutality  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet "troublemakers wearing badges."rtfrom day  occupywallstreet   nypd makes trouble  article proves    anonymousrtnypd shoot airliner? experts troubled.  viartnypd shoot airliner? experts troubled.is laptop  trouble mobile. scared little :(rthelp beautiful troublenews trouble marijuana arrests   york timesrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtwatch moles police plant start trouble documen… (cont)rtwatch moles police plant start trouble documen… (cont)rtrtnypd pension bonuses threat. 21% officers trouble w/ mortgages. ...rtlawrence "...the trouble makers carrying pepper spray  guns wearing badges."  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  ows
rt"i ll understand arrest "for resisting arrest" gotta circular charge ever."  occupywallstreetbest "occupy" vid far. deserves enjoyed over. btw  resisting arrest makes worse.   takewallstreetrtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd officers peaceful protester  shown resisting arrest  concussion  occupywallstreetnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.nypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd officers peaceful protester  shown resisting arrest  concussion  occupywallstreetrtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd officers peaceful protester  shown resisting arrest  concussion  occupywallstreetrtpolice arrests blocking traffic. charges include disorderly conduct resisting arrest.  occupywallstreetrtrtof 90 arrests  charged resisting statement ...rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.youshouldbeembarrassed resisting own people. wall street care either.  sheenroastrtnypd officers peaceful protester  shown resisting arrest  concussion  occupywallstreetrtbest "occupy" vid far. deserves enjoyed over. btw  resisting arrest makes worse.   takewallstreet

police riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24live stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreethelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetrthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetoccupy wall st s24 police riot | common dreams   occupywallst  occupyus  citizenradiortrtmt cops  patriot.  ows  occupywallstreetrtgrandmothers getting ready riot. riot mean knit.  occupywallstreetrtbritney spears slammed london town  rudeness  filming music video wake riotsthank bloomberg nypd hyper vigilance. "rioting  streets "rtwe re telling kids bully  presidential candidates teaching bigotry patriotism.rtif nypd officer belligerently maced peaceful protesters fired  follow link.rtcheck video    ampedstatus economic crisis = usa riots  via  giabo  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrttakewallstreet  patriots  occupywallstreet occupy chicago donations   please sprea… (cont)it fight fat cats nyc washington american workers patriots  occupywallstreetrthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetgod bless nypd   doing job   don protesters   lawenforcement  ruleoflaw  lawandorder  nyc  patriotrtthis  patriotism looks likethanks link. media outlets starting report  detail. nypd provoking riot.rtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobs
rtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.rtdo fear government believe "by people  people"? followoccupywallstreetthe world believe americans actually truth  re zombies anymore:)  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourstreetrtcant believe msm ignoring this. rtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtrip 2my little cousin kyanna  smh believe rtbrooklyn teen dies ...i believe "merkin" tuesday column. anfirst.picked day out.rtnypd  "who believe  own lying eyes?"   occupywallstreet  owsyou dear brothers sisters change believe in.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17  usdorrtmtofficers overseeing "rather die  sorry  believe re this"”rtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreeti believe referring television cable networksrt90% believe peaceful. makes sense  are. poll   occupywallstreet  p2rtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"i believe sad keanu occupy wall street pics. tasteless?   sadkeanu  occupywallstreetmany protesters believe power lies oligarchy fed gov banks.  occupywallstreetif believe cutting penis makes sex better... ve bridge brooklyn sell  i2at time believed real journalism  longer. cover egypt nyc?  occupywallstreet u.rtmany believe stand  message precise. humble suggestionrtpeople  believe finally breaking censorship media  occupywallstreetrt"i believe banking institutions dangerous liberties standing armies"   t.jefferson  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtrtglen reynolds rasmussen found 17% americans believe govt consent governed… (cont)
rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertmtsome protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertrtis hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids? lucid  powerful responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response“some readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response
rtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographysad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rtanonymous threatens nypd  brutality doesn’t stop  internetnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtanonymous threatens nypd  “if brutality doesn’t stop   internet”   moonbattrackernypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialanonymous threatens nypd  brutality doesn’t stop  internetnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtpixiq > nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographynypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial  york city police officer mark desimo...   foto?cyberlaw? anonymous????????????????????youtube???? ??????????? ?anonymous threatens nypd alleged wall str...occupywallstreet afraid threatens thinking? cover  occupywallstreet gtfortits nypd training peaceful protesters terrorist threatens city   occupywallstreetnypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorial

rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtagreed  seconded & cosigned  : ) rtevery day day  occupywallstreetdisagree  search returning hundreds tweets min  current trending topics. compare.  occupywallstreeti love charles barron talks  dull moment speech. don agree himam agreement..no revolution fought  enemy knowing moves. on.. occuywallstreet  takewallstreetrtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "rtour msg. precision. agreed  call mainstream media conference & statement(1/2)rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanks"...if opponent violence  cause real." disagree. elaborate view?rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrti agree. locked posting fb  revolution page hours evening  sept17  occupywallst  takewallstreet  censoredagree. again.. read article btw? gemrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "rtsusan hochbaum book pastry paris smart  witty  fabulously beautiful gem wait til pixagreesrtour msg. precision. agreed  call mainstream media conference & statement(1/2)i agree  corporate  personhood sham ..  achievablegoals ..rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwhether agree  occupywallstreet  people protest peacefully getting arrestedrt1. fair trade agreements . 1 sided business lowest wages  worker rights.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanks
rtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetsweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles ...  nygiants  nflrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetoccupy wall st s24 police riot | common dreams   occupywallst  occupyus  citizenradiortthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtiwilloccupy sit watch dreams phone  instead person. cause called dibs   :prtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetsweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  ...rtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetidentified nypd officer maced peaceful protesters | common dreams
rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtcoffee drinking linked depression womenrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99not justification helps rt"coffee drinking linked depression womenrtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rttysm  ff  lovertalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99

rt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarertforgiving student loan debt provide immediate jolt economy.   occupywallstreet  occupylartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartgiving fed gradert5k+ signatures obama recognize  occupywallstreet 10k+ corporate personhood. 18k+ forgiving student loan debtrtrtan unbiased witness giving account mass arrest people  occupywallstreet    lis… (cont)we demand supreme court overturn ruling giving corporations rights citizens   takewallstreetrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediany times obama donors  08 ain giving time. critical one. report attackwatch.comrtauthor chris hedges giving heck testimony  occupywallstreet.  missed check archive.rt20 reasons millions americans age 30 giving u.s. economy     occupywallstreet  usdorrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediart4. stop corporation giving donations politician . door contributions    takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediathanks 500+ followers   1 000+ tweets giving uncensored truth   occupywallstreet focus   takewallstreetbbc news   anti wall street protesters arrested nyc  << bbc giving coverage  occupywallstreetrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure media
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersneedsoftheoccupiers......jobs?rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe tents  chicago ordinance. tarps dry clothes towels good.  needsoftheoccupiers.  occupychirtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corporate headquarters (305) 378 3000“can send milk crates storage bins kitchen?  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiers”rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersplanning supply drive occupiers. driving van 10/7 (hopefully) lot. contact logisticsrtrelaxing liberty plaza fellow occupiers. movement growing    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet    vibeapprtoccupydenver streaming   occupydenver committees forming. people interested.  needsoftheoccupiers.  tweepswell  tried rtmtwall street ready occupy wall street occupiers. twitpic.com/6qrrdcrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtwall street ready occupy wall street occupiers.    ourwallstreet
rtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreethelp  occupywallstreet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool. ride   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...rtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ridertplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetbikes art ride picasso? rtfor bike collectors  rush hanging wall   bikenycrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtawesome jobgood press makes happy    usdorrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtall  bikenyc invited ride late night/morning  libertysquare provide security  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtpeaceful female protestors penned maced    occupywallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreet
rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrtasí actúa el nypd al que fortuño acudió para  mejorar  la policía de  puertorico   atacan manifestantes pacíficasrtcoquí “puerto rico gene pool runs deep   taíno  boríken  african  european  heritage”all thank public  troll trying ?the tie dye party  takewallstreet "protest" wearing suits calling prosecution ratings agencies rico.ayoo    "puerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchenrico  dont sooper pooper...or ll call karl tell retract statement you.   usdor  p2rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchiheartradio fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey ... kathleen perricone iheartr...rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrta99  opesr rico class action lawsuit federal reserve   opesr  a99  ourwallstreet198 yrs tho damn rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using (cont)rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrtthe tie dye party  takewallstreet "protest" wearing suits calling prosecution ratings agencies rico.“puerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrtp. rico 198 yrs prison 4 killing 6 ppl using homemade blowtorch   ... wrong w/ ppl?rtpuerto rico gene pool runs deep   taíno  boríken  african  european  heritagertpuerto rico gene pool runs deep   taíno  boríken  african  european  heritagertpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchshit. rtdamn   rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 peopl… (cont)
occupywallst difference tunisian police dictature nd york police :nothing protecting richsoccupywallst medias usa belongs rich poors   change nd     usaoccupywallstreet fuck obama administration nd richs    usa fuck police york  usa  newyork  sep17occupywallstreet fucking consumer richs    nd protest justice  usa  takewallstreetrt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17rtmichael moore pumps  occupywallstreet tax rich screamed.   ourwallstreetrteverybody lost chunks  retirement derivatives speculating rich quick  occupywallstreet."there class warfare. class  rich class  waging warfare. re winning." warren buffet  takewallstreetrtvideo rich richer ‘til poor  occupywallstsolidarity  ourwallstreetrtny daily news report favorable protesters.   occupywallstreet  sweden  amsterdam  sydney  australia  melbournertpaul krugman idiot guide history macroeconomic science 1960s““michael moore pumps  occupywallstreet tax rich screamed.   ourwallstreet””bill clinton president barack obama tax increases rich ...rtall  occupy family especially. love guys.....rtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nycwe pissing rich  motivating poor  please spread word  occupywallstreet effectmadden writing yankees re market thrifty moneyball team sis richrtyou re run   nytimes.comshouts gun buy port richmond si 2day.... guns streetsrtny daily news report favorable protesters.     cnn  nyt  bbc  wapo  cbsrtone day poor left eat rich  occupywallstreet  usdor
rtprovocateurs national conventions   occupywallstreet  wiunion  classwar  policestatehahah rtare  classwaremo ing today?rtaffirmative action rich   occupywallstreet  classwarthe koch bros. money gdp 48 countries world  classwarrtrtprovocateurs national conventions   occupywallstreet  wiunion  classwar  policestatertnypd pepperspray women  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression   classwar  willnotbetelevised  wtf?rtrtprovocateurs national conventions   occupywallstreet  wiunion  classwar  policestate6 rich waging  classwar american people | economy | alternet   occupywallstreetrtnypd pepperspray women  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression   classwar  willnotbetelevised  wtf?rtnypd pepperspray women  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression   classwar  willnotbetelevised  wtf?let explore history  classwarfare   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  wiunion  p2  1u  99ers  connecttheleftteaparty allowed bring guns townhalls  classwar >wall street protesters pepper sprayed  cuffed.provocateurs national conventions   occupywallstreet  wiunion  classwar  policestatertrtnypd epic fail   occupywallstreet slideshow w/stories  (front line  classwar )rt“the koch bros. money gdp 48 countries world  classwarrtoccupy wall street protest enters week; 80 arrested peaceful m...  vclasswar  occupywallstreetpolitical news political cartoon    banks  classwar  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnypd pepperspray women  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression   classwar  willnotbetelevised  wtf?rtthe truth "class war" america   classwar  occupywallstreetthe world watching. onward brave  freedomfighters     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  classwarrt“the koch bros. money gdp 48 countries world  classwar
rtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtomgomg.rtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rt
rtchilling photos police protesters clashing  occupywallstreet.“frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81  "rtphoto essay wall street—inside american occupation   occupywallstreetrtrta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned gr...rtphoto replay sept.27photoblog  protesters march  manhattan  criticizing  wallstreet      egypt tahrir ourwallstreet nj nyc ny gcc usdorrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographygreat photos & re cause  too.   : )life photographer wall street crime scene photos  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  viartrtrtwall street "crime scene  cross" (photos  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet via… (cont)sad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rtphoto essay wall street—inside american occupation   occupywallstreetpweiskel08 photostream link again. sorry   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet:( flickr month. upload photos.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreeti added photos  sep24  couldn them. :( space flickr.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmore reader published photos anti wall street protests  publish tweeting  uphoto hashtaghuge ad bus stop girls 7th birthday 86th lexington bus stop.  uphotophoto anthony weiner picking nose rayburn hob building june.  uphotophotos sen. gillibrand/rep. hocul cong. women softball game.  uphoto
rtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetgreece approves property tax bid rescue aidrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtso "trending" twitter doesn reflect actual trends reflects twitter approves of. manipulation.  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetisrael approves 1 100 homes built contested east jerusalemrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetmedic team space (mylar) blankets > send ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street  occupywallstrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetlovely sent supplies ups store  118a box 205 fulton st  ny  ny10038 usa  occupywallstreet  wearethe99percentrtsend supply donations ups store   re  occupywallstreet  118a  205 york  york 10038.  ourwallstreet  vote ccrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers send supplies  occupywallstreet ups store re occupy wall street 118a fulton st.  205 york  ny 10038rtrtto support  occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall streetrtlovely sent supplies ups store  118a box 205 fulton st  ny  ny10038 usa  occupywallstreet  wearethe99percentmtto send  occupywallstreet send  occupy wall street 118a fulton st. box205 york ny 10038  owsnewsrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetshipping address finally poster ==  ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street   occupywallstrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occup… (cont)rtag eric schneiderman office close  libertysquare 118a fulton st. suite 250 york  ny 10038   demonstrate v. arrestsrtrtto support  occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall streetag eric schneiderman office close  libertysquare 118a fulton st. suite 250 york  ny 10038   demonstrate v. arrestsag eric schneiderman office close  libertysquare 118a fulton st. suite 250 york  ny 10038   demonstrate v. arrestsrtshipping address finally poster ==  ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street   occupywallst
rtsunsalutesnypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city  police plane  hitechcj  mmotrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   antibanks  takebackamerica  usdor  owsbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdoro.m.g. t.b. quotes true?? “tony bennett tells howard stern sirius xm ‘we caused 9/11?rtpolice commish ray kelly tells nypd stop arresting people amounts marijuana wee bit sanity?nypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city police plane  hitechcjbut "60 minutes (of propaganda)" tells nypd keeping safe hasn shot planes yet.nypd tells voice marijuana apply police  ...rtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousnypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city police plane  hitechcjrtbbc speechless trader tells truth "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"      takewallstreetrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousobama tells congressional black caucus stop complaining.anderson cooper goes owner tells to.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstnyc"this video tells story  targets  andexpect us." supportrtrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrt“police commish tells nypd officers stop arresting people amounts marijuana"this video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymous"
20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare“romney pulls $1 million nyc fundraiser | york daily news    tcot  mitt2012  nygop”rtover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voicewall street donated $41 million supercommittee   oppulse  giabo  ourwallstreet  ows  a99  opesraudit reveals city paid $11.8 million housing subsidies dead peopleiwilloccupy am sick bankers 100 millions 16% americans live below poverty levels  occupywallsteet  usdorteen injured hopping line fence sue city $2.5 millionrtbloomberg bully pulpit & refuses 2 fight 4  millionairestax. $4.6b cld eliminate cuts  whyrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorfbi paid $2.1 million reward tipster led boston mobster james whitey bulgerrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtfbi paid $2.1 million bulger tipsterrtmillions nypd pepper spray video slo mo   occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtmillions nypd pepper spray video slo mo   occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt9/26/11 wall street donates $41 million campaign accounts supercommittee   occupywallstreetwill smith former nyc apartment hits market $19.5 millionrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt“we live world 1% protected served.”   occupywallstreetrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdormillionaire matchmaker  patti stanger offends gays  jews  smart women dumb dating advice
rtaclu ?know yr rights  2 re stopped police  immig  fbi   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd chasing runaway horse  incident control  horse stopped @ 115th & riverside >only in.. guess happens everywhereare fucking tired country stopped investing ?  join    takewallstreet  usdorrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupierswonder running. mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse   horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.rtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcheck video    unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street  // stoppedrtrtdustin m. slaughter rtthe rain stopped conversation flowing. (cont)rtwished  stopped watchingaka teaparty networkrtrtwhat re stopped/ arrested police.   occupywallstreet  nypd  pleasestaysafertthis happening richest country all. stopped fucking around.  occupywallstreet  usa  usdorpresident obama tried pass laws hold wall street accountable  tried gop stopped him.  occupywallstreetrtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stoppedrtstand occupy wall street.  stand occupy chicago.  stopped     begunstand occupy wall street.  stand occupy chicago.  stopped     begun.stopped wm reflective vest mornings dusky dark.  deserted. eerie  premonitions doom.rtthe rain stopped conversation flowing. join brothers sisters   occupychirtrtthe cpd finally stopped about. day ...
michael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetplease  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetthis guy  >... yeah  re gonna phone rally texas legalize  marijuana ...  occupywallstrtmedia phone email   occupywallstreet  ows  wiunion viartneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersjulius (stinky) wright assaulted swiping cell phone ... suspect  julius (stinky) wright  21  ...rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiers“city cellphone service begins underground 4 subway stationsrtrtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300    phone i… (cont)rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtiwilloccupy sit watch dreams phone  instead person. cause called dibs   :pmy mom counseling phone; wouldn t. times changing therapists ‘seeing’ patients onlinefinally  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtnational lawyers guild  office phone   (212) 679 5100  takewallstreet  takewallst   occupywallstreetpraise  news nyers  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations"wi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations  goodrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtrtmedia center phone vids police pounding ppl  occupywallstreet … (cont)rthow own cell phone charger term occupations   occupywallstreet  wallstreet  takewallstreet
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  nyc  newsrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt???????????????   ows ???????????????  ???????????????  ??????not???????  ???????????????  ???????????????  ???????????????  takewallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterart
“i pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17  thankrtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17don nypd rti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtlol <3this pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17i pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17"i pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtlol <3 rti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17
suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...rtsuicide bomb attack indonesia church injures 20rtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22rtrtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedrtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 ...suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22rtrtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedscaffolding bus. fatalities "crews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportednews suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded chur...   newslatest news suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded chu...rtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22rtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...crews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22   news  paperrtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22uh oh. subway line month. shanghai subway crash injures hundredssuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...rtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedrtnytimes suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew at...   world  news  ny
rtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrterm 64  welcomeandoccupywallstreet  takethestreetrtwe ve moreandgive love  occupywallstreet  takethestreetrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nighters liberato closed  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersno tarps shelter allowed. umbrellas  occupywallstreet?  needsoftheoccupiers  takethestreet  libertysquaretalk twitsvia   takethestreetmellow yellow srsly mellow. cheddar?takethestreetcops  occupywallstreet. time film.   takethestreeti  costume looks raging bull requested  occupywallstreet  takethestreetcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrecognize women occupying wall street   occupywallst  takethestreet  globalrevolutionrtcharlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtno tarps shelter allowed. umbrellas  occupywallstreet?  needsoftheoccupiers  takethestreet  libertysquarertcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiers
rtyou started glorious fire freedom soon warmth warm souls globerthow fall wardrobe coming along? options started shopping snapshots sept. 22   fashionthe  nypd cop started storm  occupywallstreet:) haven reached  assad standards  started way. nypd goesrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtlive stream da occupy wall street   & join    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet     globalrevolution startedrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtooh ooh rtladies gents  hello to. startedrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started."when [police] started hitting throwing people floor attack "   occupywallstreetrtwith  nypd arrests day rage started.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza    nycrtrtladies gents  hello to. startedrtrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.occupywallstreetactually "occupy wall street" wikipedia page started point.rtwe live streaming      & join    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet     globalrevolution startedrtwith  nypd arrests day rage started.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza    nycrtrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rt"when [police] started hitting throwing people floor attack "   occupywallstreetcontact:vlad andwas getting list occupations. started dell 1525 cannon hv 20rtwith  nypd arrests day rage started.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza    nyc
rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owswww.puertochan.org supports  occupywallstreet  gritodepuertochan google  fractionalreservebankingtheeditorial board supports calls lives  laws campaign. read editorialrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsohaimixed account 4.2 bitcoins gone   antisec supports  anonymousrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsrtnoam chomsky supports  occupywallstreetrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsrtnoam chomsky supports  occupywallstreettheeditorial board supports calls lives  laws campaign. read editorialrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrt>(sep 25) noam  chomsky supports  occupywallstreet campaign   ows  ourwallstreetrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsrtohaimixed account 4.2 bitcoins gone   antisec supports  anonymousoccupywallstreet supports police officers benefits corporate owned congressrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsrtnoam  chomsky supports |  occupywallstreet… (cont)rtfollowshe cairo supports  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica

rt“if picture future imagine boot stamping human ever.”  george orwell  1984   occupywallstreet  bannedbooksrtbill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentthe future direction  occupywallstreet voted weekendrtcrimesourcing  crime service & data criminals startup employees (via):...occupy wall street reclaim future   occupywallst  occupywallstreetthe future direction  occupywallstreet voted weekend     a99  opesr  usdor  generalassembly  ows  iwantamerica future rallies near wall street  lend ear   examiner.com     occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers  vinegar  suggest expectations suspicions future tear gas  occupywallstreet protesters..rtare person future back? ? join  revolution    occupyamerica  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtbruce springsteen street band discuss future late sax player clarence clemonsrtare person future back? ? join  revolution    occupyamerica  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks p...rtneedsoftheoccupiers  vinegar  suggest expectations suspicions future tear gas  occupywallstreet protesters..rtbruce springsteen street band discuss future late sax player clarence clemonsrti future instead campaign ads  reminders time  generalassembly meets.  occupytogether  occupywallstreetjoin future  occupywallstrtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurebill clinton ny futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future  coming country nearrtbruce springsteen street band discuss future late sax player clarence clemons
rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorhere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetoccupywallstreetthats oh forgot  support.rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetthank jesus words inspiration & support. united stand  divided fall. hugs 2urtword advice folks  occupywallstreet solidarity sites. don risk arrest unless affinity group/jail support.rtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdor“needsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreet”rtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreet
rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wanonymousthreatening payback nypd hurting citizens today.... ll seeresponse...rtanonymousthreatening payback nypd hurting citizens today.... ll seeresponse...to   covered? total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreetrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wanonymousthreatening payback nypd hurting citizens today.... ll seeresponse...rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wi trusting fuckin grandmother today...this ====>>>>rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wanonymousthreatening payback nypd hurting citizens today.... ll seeresponse...rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3w
rtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloombergrtreally? mtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  usrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.china questions 5 south koreans detained near border north (nyt)rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.where  aclu? rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occ… (cont)rtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloombergrtgreat read ~ "detained  occupywallst" rutgers student & journalist  occupywallstreetrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtnypd specifically targeting media team  media team detained   occupywallstreet live >>rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.occupywallstreet rtthanks rts  detained 90 ppl shortly tweetrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rt1 cuffed zip ties detained todays wall st. protest. atm whyrtluke richardson  media team detained.  occupywallstreetnot detained.  nyc  occupywallstrtmilo gonzalez  detained shortly leaving union sq  fractured collarbone.
rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagebritish cut genitals utility knife transgendered british woman planning undergo sex re...the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagefeed offness media equation julian assange  gilded british cage  [manual offable]feed offness media equation julian assange  gilded british cage  [manual offable]the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...six suspects charged british terrorism plot ...not  giving british silly ideas we?the media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowrtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagejulian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertwhere british media this? rtspread news  occupywallstreet
rtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtwe re telling kids bully  presidential candidates teaching bigotry patriotism.thank telling people  truth  wallstreet  ff  nypd  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  cooks  liarsrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtwell start offering suggestions  occupywallstreet telling suckwhat media aren telling american protests | common dreams   occupywallstreet  ows  p2  sep17  usdorrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtthank telling people  truth  wallstreet  ff  nypd  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  cooks  liarsrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreettelling truth sex & prostate cancer effects?  one... (nyt)telling truth sex & prostate cancer docs cited medical journal studies  reality differs (nyt)rtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreeta look politifact grades candidates truth telling  guess flunks?rtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreet
rtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadow

rtcant believe msm ignoring this. rtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallston tues.  thru police lines people leading  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet s/ooh yes  aregirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstif president obama term  stop campaigning start doing (leading is)   potusrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtcant believe msm ignoring this. rtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrt* austerity measures depression leading trickledown disaster  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherertnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtrtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstgirl power  women leading comes social networking  / reach 3 000 tweetsrtrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrton tues.  thru police lines people leading  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet s/ortnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallst
world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rtcrimesourcing  crime service & data criminals startup employees (via):...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  surveyworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rtwheels onstar backtracks collection data ex subscribersa law school fitness data obstaclesnew census data 20.1% nyc residents live poverty 30% nyc children live poverty  viasurvey major expansion world’s data centersworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...dtn usa power assure helps cio’s manage server power  $13.5m data center power saving software company p...rtworld’s data centers expected grow  surveypower assure helps cio’s manage server power  $13.5m data center power saving software company power assu...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...a law school fitness data obstacles   nytimes.comsweet  rtrtwe ve launched wireless voice/data communication six underground subw...privacy profit | onstar continues track drivers service discontinued & plans sell datafeedtheprotest launches police accountability database     powered public    ourwallstreet  takewallstreet
rteuro zone death triprtwhat matter texas?krugman re eurorta quick note inflationrteuro zone death triprtpaul krugman idiot guide history macroeconomic science 1960srtthe solyndra scandalrtcatastrophic stabilityrtwhat matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?“what matter texas?  <> plus refused debate. now.rteuro zone death triprtpaul krugman  pitch perfect response synthetic outrage solyndrartwhat matter texas?clever rtpaul krugman  pitch perfect response synthetic outrage solyndrartthe solyndra scandalrtthe solyndra scandalrtwhat matter texas?rtthe solyndra scandal"catastrophic stability  questa piacera  molto ai catastrofisti...ceo solyndra brian harrison  former head intel nm:"krugman solyndra scandal
rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsplease update soon  terriblertfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupierskeep date  generalassembly york city.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet“three rabbis hike 15 miles brooklyn bronx weekly lead synagoguertupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wlistening  (*ignore date  msg relevant)  ourwallstreet  opesrrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetplease updated. trying plan commute w/small children.update wall street protests continue  nypd remains mum pepper spray   ny1.com  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplazai call monday discuss/update  occupywallstreet  ... assist?nyt "the price political gossip:"  sensationalism scare candidates?rtnews update usa  occupywallstreet protest   ourwallstreet  owsupdated call/e mail mainstream  media cover  occupywallstreet  protestrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreethey check updated supplies list   wallstreet  occupywallstreet  anonblogrtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wreal crime updates  thisfor updates  occupywallstreet protests  followand. fantastic day.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.

rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rteveryone associated participating  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   stop. damn inspiring.rteveryone associated participating  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   stop. damn inspiring.everyone associated participating  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   stop. damn inspiring.using twitter trends oh damn   beautiful  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtheyyou rent damn join  occupywallstreet  info >>well comfirmation...damn  rtmcfadden leads raiders past jets 34 24hard  lazy ass cat looks goddamned king.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cats worktrump offers faint praise romney donald damning faint praise mitt romney monday   ...trump offers faint praise romney donald damning faint praise mitt romney monday   ...so  occupywallstreet shit storm ... fucking line..when god damn decisionsrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)for fuck sake  nypd kettling goddamn baby strollers   occupywallstreetrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. frthese bastards... nypd fucking damn minds. wrong.rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rteveryone associated participating  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   stop. damn inspiring.rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rteveryone associated participating  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   stop. damn inspiring.damn rtrtbronx pitman ave & murdock ave male shot doa hospital. crime scene established.
(from buzzfeed)  nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protestsrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   ourwallstreetrtrt0 actual criminals destroyed world economy arrested wall st. 100+ peacefu… (cont)security nypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protestssecurity nypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protests "politics buzz hour ago  hundreds ny...rtnypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protests   ccureitnypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protestssecurity nypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protestsnypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protests "politics buzz hour ago  hundreds nypd officer...nypd arrests 100+  occupywallstreet protests    resistance  solidarity  policestate  policebrutalitynypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protests   ccureitnypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protests   ccureitnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protestsnypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protests   ccureitnypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protests   ccureitrt0 actual criminals destroyed world economy arrested wall st. 100+ peacefu… (cont)centrul de informare alternativa nypd arrests 100+ “occupy ...nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protestsrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   ourwallstreetrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   ourwallstreet
salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commishit insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegesalty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...rtbreaking news 96 arrests  1000s occupy wall streeters fill union sq  day 8    examinerrt1000s peacefully  occupywallstreet  join bowling green  nyc viaiwilloccupy  takewallstreetrtrecognize women occupying wall street 4000 signed  1000 needed. sign   occupywallstreetrt1000s peacefully  occupywallstreet  join bowling green  nyc viaiwilloccupy  takewallstreetsalty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...rtrtwe re 150 people magic 1000 confirm block bridge  block bill  (cont)breaking news arrests as1000s occupy wall streeters fill union sq  day 8  examiner reportbreaking news 96 arrests  1000s occupy wall streeters fill union sq  day 8    examinerrtrtwe re 150 people magic 1000 confirm block bridge  block bill  (cont)rtfood delivery donations zucotti park 1 liberty plaza  york  ny 10006.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtrt1000 protesters  wallstreet screaming "we  troydavis." incredible.  occupywallstreetpolice crack  occupy wall street  protests  viaoccupywallst  woodstock  arabspring 1000s expectedrt1000s peacefully  occupywallstreet  join bowling green  nyc viaiwilloccupy  takewallstreetover 1000 people union square arrests.  occupywallstreetrtshow everyday fed bank sign  ready march 1 1000. believe message  occupychi  ourwallstreetrtfood delivery donations zucotti park 1 liberty plaza  york  ny 10006.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers
rtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiers
rtpolice pen mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   p2  occupywallstreetrtwall street’s reaction protests   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rt‘occupy wall street’ protest spreads los angeles |  anonymous  owsrtpolice pen mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   p2  occupywallstreetrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’ | raw replay  viausdor strongrtimportant read please ‘  occupywallstreet’ protests violent; video police macing women   usdor  usrtmichael moore encourages expansion anti ’kleptomaniac’ ‘occupy wall street’ protests   ows  usdor  p2  connecttheleftrt‘occupy wall street’ protest spreads los angeles |  anonymous  owsrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’  rtoccupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’ | raw replay  viausdor strongrtimportant read please ‘  occupywallstreet’ protests violent; video police macing women   usdor  usrtimportant read please ‘  occupywallstreet’ protests violent; video police macing women   usdor  usrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’   occupywallstreetrtpolice pen mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   p2  occupywallstreetrt‘occupy wall street’ protest slowly spreads unitedrt‘ occupywallstreet’ protest slowly spreads united cot.ag/nn8hpw (via)rtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’  rtoccupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtpolice pen mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   p2  occupywallstreetrt‘occupy wall street’ protest spreads los angeles |  anonymous  owsrt‘occupy wall street’ protest spreads los angeles | raw replay   sept17police arrest 80 ‘occupy wall street’ protestors | raw story   occupywallstreet
rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchin“nypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreet” wtf?“where located drop supplies?  occupydenver  occupywallstreet”“how join anonymous beginner guide   anonymous  takewallstreet” simple advice. illegalrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet rtnoam chomsky  michael moore susan sarandon se solidarizan con “occupy wall street”rt  nypd   people  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet” víartsome photos pbs correspondent arrested march  nypd  occupywallstreet”““update police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet””““michael moore pumps  occupywallstreet tax rich screamed.   ourwallstreet””rt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rtpolice pen mace female “occupy wall street”...  ["courtesy  professionalism  respect" lacking nypd.]rtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobaccoourwallstreet”“frightening.  mainstream coverage  occupywallstreet” mainstream media bed wall st. twitter too. $ rulesrt“ women wallstreet  occupywallstreet”this video worth watching admire womenrtgood “media swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet”“"all movements start people"    michael moore  occupywallstreet”rt“remember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreet”rtrt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rtrt“inspiring speech  generalassembly "this america. america"  occupywallstreet”rtwhen hurt protestersyou  expectus      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet”
rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.reclaim  yourself; freedom planet inhabitants  provide nothing.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rttroydavis sister nothing. "we ve times stage waiting"you. nothing. say. me. today.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.
rtcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2nypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2woo hoo   rtvcitory  rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  ows"wherever cop beatin  guy  ll there..."  tomjoad  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  nypdrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetwherever live  miss article  libyathe surreal ruins qaddafi’s land   gaddafirtrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2rtcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrt"nypd major re allowed 2 march wherever want~nets rolled up.  occupywallstreet  vote 4msnrt"nypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreet"rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtvcitory  rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2rt"nypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreet"
rthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & losertfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreet...listening  (*ignore date  msg relevant)  ourwallstreet  opesrrtyou don lose police arrest & beat media ignores you. lose up. up.  occupywallstreet  p2if tea party protestors maced  beaten  brutalized & arrested nypd  corporate media ignored story?  occupywallstreetrtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtthey ve ignored you. ve ridiculed you. re fighting you. comes next.  occupywallstreetstop trying ignore    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17the world watching asand idiots "represent" completely ignore   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet"first ignore  laugh  fight  win.” gandhi  occupywallst  occupyamericarttrolls ignore.   takenote rtits unbelievable publi… (cont)rtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtmy response article.“first ignore  laugh  fight  win.” gandhithe lamestream media continue ignore protestsrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtlive coverage  occupywallstreet  corporate media ignores protest  reader supported news reports eventsrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtlive coverage  occupywallstreet  corporate media ignores protest  reader supported news reportsrtoccupywallstreet mentioned local news  krdo. strong  ignore anymore   occupydenver  libertysquare  ows
“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreet“how join anonymous beginner guide   anonymous  takewallstreet” simple advice. illegalrtcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this.could dr. oz related? rt12 arrested sales illegal pesticides chinatownrtbecause illegal wear mask nyc  wall street ceos staying offices  occupywallstreetthis illegal?  haha rtalcohol movie theater?   newyorkcityrtcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this.rtdemocracy america "we sidewalk weren doing illegal."   occupywallstreet  p2video police brutality msnbc. illegal videotape protest?   occupywallstreet  sept17illegal search rtmanhattan 23 broad st wall street captain requesting esu 9 search building unknown reason.rtsupportoccupywallstreet help  occupythenation stop illegal wars rich getting richerrtcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this.rtit illegal videotape police officers  thrown court  occupycomo  ows  occupywallstnycannakatherine illegally arrested. march continues past  nypd barricades  sign stopping. 2k+ marchers.  occupywallstreetrtwhen peaceful protest illegal us?  occupywallstreetrtcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this.rtplease sign whitehouse.gov petition bribing politicians corporations illegalrtcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this. this...deportation illegal immigrants reviewrtcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this.rtdemocracy america "we sidewalk weren doing illegal."   occupywallstreet  p2
rtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetis associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsrtwe ve 3 heart balloons re taking  occupywallstreet. getting nyc.  ourwallstreet  wiunioniconic protester/got knees/screamed bank4 taking’ parents home?  p2takewallstreet  liar liar pants on..nypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...rtthe media trying hold false move  portray negative view  ourwallstreet takingrtupdate 16y.o. girl arrested taking pic protest earlier  affiliated protest.  occupywallstreetrtrtrtthe crowd union square breathtakingly large.  occupywallstreet"anonymous" enters securities analysis  taking world:d  anonymous  occupywallstreet  newsrtlove brothers sisters rising finally taking stand.  solidarity  sept17  occupywallstreet  occupydallas  owsrtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.rtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.rtlove brothers sisters rising finally taking stand.  solidarity  sept17  occupywallstreet  occupydallas  owsrtrtthe crowd union square breathtakingly large.  occupywallstreetrtupdate 16y.o. girl arrested taking pic protest earlier  affiliated protest.  occupywallstreetwe ve 3 heart balloons re taking  occupywallstreet. getting nyc.  ourwallstreet  wiunionrtlove howis taking donations  bitcoins. apt.  ourwallstreetnypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...nypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...the *real* reason nypd taking aggressive stance  occupywallstreetrttakebackwallst  takewallstreet taking paycheck local bank c.u.  close accounts banks  speak via $$$$$
rtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyn3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopn3kkid  occupywallst spokesmodel   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst spokesgenious   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocrajoni mitchell n3kkid  occupywallst ijit   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcotanyone notice  occupywallst odd foreign flavour?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  phnm  p21occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21from pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21both  teaparty &  occupywallst bogus *movements* (useful idiots sincere o/c).  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnmteaparty &  occupywallst t/won establishment squeal.  delivery  immigration  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnm  p2if  teaparty &  occupywallst weren bogus  establishment  immigration  trade  etc.  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgpto establishment  liheap debatable. reducing  immigration heresy.  teaparty  occupywallst  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst jonimitchell occupies  despite smoker   nsfw  p2  teaparty  tcot  sgprtdon worry gop haters. mad b/c teaparty attract 5 people time anymore.  occupywallstreet  p2rtwhy 100 teapartyers gather view msm uprising & 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectaclertthis. rtteaparty  nuts don  love   firstamendment    be… (cont)rtvideo  occupywallstreet list demands    tcot  teaparty  usdor  takewallstreet  p2rtnypd wont fuck  teaparty police protesters carrying guns.  nypd fuck  occupywallstreet  hippies  p2
rtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet rtnoam chomsky  michael moore susan sarandon se solidarizan con “occupy wall street”police pen mace female “occupy wall street”...  ["courtesy  professionalism  respect" lacking nypd.]nypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protestscentrul de informare alternativa nypd arrests 100+ “occupy ...rtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   ourwallstreetagainst finance capital  philosophy “occupy wall street”  vijay prashad   takewallstreetrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   ourwallstreetnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protestsrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protestsrtrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   acab  policebrutality  occupywallstreetrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protestsrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   acab  policebrutalityrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   ourwallstreetils sont pas tendres les flics à york... nypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protestsnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests =>rtrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   acab  policebrutality  occupywallstreetnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protestsnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protestsrtrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   acab  policebrutality  occupywallstreetnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests
rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartrtin tears   amazing occupying  occupylartwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtprotester falls knees tears front chase bank crying. bank parents  homertin tears   amazing occupying  occupylartwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentmy tears aren sale  lil misty watching 98 lb girls beaten & pepper sprayed nypd.  macing98lbgirlsrtrtoccupywallstreet protestor kneels @ chase plaza tears streaming screams bank stole parents house    hahart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. via
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallst viartrtwax poetic bout separation leg  exec  jud powers.  owned fickle disloyal incom… (cont)rti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)rtplease spread people groundthere reason using mace people..“this  occupywallstreet country wall street fills debt panel coffersrturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)ff  occupywallstreet packagethanks peace“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truth“i heading  occupywallstreet afternoon ” news. thx keeping informed. press passes yet?rtrtwhere bloomberg? bloomberg money remain mayor? wall street course.  usdorrtrtas uniformed public servant  commend  occupywallstreet protesters  nyc… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.weather nature preparing ya revolution progresses.  thx4hangingtough  occupywallstreet
rtdespite  nypd efforts  wall street stays occupied  [updated/amended re arrests & eviction notice.]  occupywallstreetrtanother shot unisigned eviction notice handed  libertysquare  ows lockerz.com/s/141573380   occupywallstreetrtrtsky news revelation basildon council eviction travellers land rubb… (cont)rtjust talked lawyer sent "eviction notice." told legall… (cont)rteviction notice liberty plaza.   occupywallstreet viartows hippie eviction notice coming     usdayofrage  occupywallst  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtsky news revelation basildon council eviction travellers land rubb… (cont)rtdalefarm eviction untenable pre court indications suggest basildon council i… (cont)rttransport  dalefarm friday eviction attempt  (cont)building community  occupywallstreet hard  esp. facing constant eviction threats. americans feel.bill protect 9 officers facing eviction animal policy co opsrtanother shot unisigned eviction notice handed  libertysquare  ows lockerz.com/s/141573380   occupywallstreetrtbuilding community  occupywallstreet hard  esp. facing constant eviction threats. many...rtanother shot unisigned eviction notice handed  libertysquare  ows lockerz.com/s/141573380   occupywallstreetrtnick photo eviction notice handed protesters  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrteviction notice "zuccotti park privately own space ..."   libertysquare  occupywallstmtanother shot unisigned eviction notice handed  libertysquare lockerz.com/s/141573380  occupywallstreetrtanother shot unisigned eviction notice handed  libertysquare  ows lockerz.com/s/141573380   occupywallstreeta photo eviction notice lockerz.com/s/141570930 copy & revolution currency @  libertysquareanother shot unisigned eviction notice handed  libertysquare  ows lockerz.com/s/141573380   occupywallstreetrtdespite  nypd efforts  wall street stays occupied  [updated/amended re arrests & eviction notice.]  occupywallstreet
rt"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout.  occupywallstreetrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17i talking tasers teargas.   significant discrepencies.  there.  occupywallstreetrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rthave kissed significant plane reprimanded said?? lmkrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17. voice significant especially censor  egypt  libya protests occurred.   usa complainedrtsignificant way. rtchopper hovering downtown. tell news copter nypd.  occupywallstreetrtsignificant way. rtchopper hovering downtown. tell news copter nypd.  occupywallstreetrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17what significant  occupywallst missing?rt"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout  occupywallstreetrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17however  benefits  grade skipping significant.  gifted  gtchat  2e thanks youbrain cafehowever  benefits grade skipping significant.  gifted  gtchat  2e thank youbrain cafertwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17want real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17
where ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests loloccupywallstreet fuck obama administration nd richs    usa fuck police york  usa  newyork  sep17calls presidentto send negotiators listen & act  occupywallstreet demands    nypd violenceobama blacks stop complaining fight  ...  occupywallstreet  nomorecorruption   marijuana   legalizeit  freedomrtformer  nymayor ed koch "obama reelection express" | york daily newsrtobamaadviserswarnedofloandanger solyndra failure bit.ly/op3ibe  takewallstreet  p2  nowthatsprogressive thanks adminoccupywallstreet poster idea  mikebloomberg  obama sucking wall st. bull balls ~  takebackamerica  usdor  libertyplaza  antibanksprotesters risking lives nypd 2protest banksterscorp provided obamafu chase bankrtyou straight   obama received money wall street bankers .  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetp2cornelwest obama  love solidarity  occupywallstreet  usdoranonymousnyt "whatever happened american left?   left quiet  loud? [obama co opted left.]nyt editorial "president obama’s medicare proposals:"  obama’s medicare plan starting point.rtus  democracy..eh? "occupywallstreet nypd police(toughguys)beat peaceful protesters   bahrainunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    obamausa  ukrtimportant  legal sheet | nyc assembly     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  povertyrtpeaceful female protestors penned maced    occupywallstreetrtnypd spraying women chemical weapons street disrupt peaceful assembly   occupywallstreetpoll 56% surveyed barack obama worse president  ... half surveyed p...president obama honor 1985 chicago bears white house ... super bowl shuffle coming whit...watch heckler calls obama  antichrist  bizarre bible thumping heckler called president obama "the antic...watch heckler calls obama  antichrist  bizarre bible thumping heckler called president obama "the antic...
rt( pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiers) okay.rtwow. yahoo  apparently blocking emails referencing occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  censorshiprtif pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiersrtif pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiersrtif pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiersass. havent covered yahoo censoring it.  occupywallstreety  troydavis wasn trending topic progressive email &  twittermessages censored & uk   yahoo  occupywallstreetrtwow. yahoo  apparently blocking emails referencing occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  censorshipyahoo confirms heard potential buyers   nytimes.comrtvideo  yahoo censoring messages  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   pleasedoes nypd legal authority planes?  viart"yahoo blocked emails wall street protests"   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet yahoo censoring ?occupywallstreet believe  yahoo.“anyone heard  yahoo  email  occupywallstreet controversy?  jewish  (cont)rtcred &  pr coverage growing.  playboyradio  mashable  nydailynews  thrillist  yahoo   bloombergwest  sfgatertwelcome america – yahoo censoring emails  occupywallstreetrtyahoo appears censoring email messages wall street protests (updated)     occupywallstreet  sept17  p2for real |  occupywallstreet yahoo censoring occupy wall street protest messages   youtubeyahoo blocks emails  sept17  needsoftheoccupiersrtyahoo censoring occupy wall st   uspolitics  censorship  occupywallst
rtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articlert"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.beautiful video thx toabout process fantastic  occupywallstreet movement. hope...rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwe wont pander idiots  fools  trolls  sour individuals  looking attention. positive movement.  occupywallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articledo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. article   occupywallstreetrtmr.this petition publicly recognize...  occupywallstreet movement.  sign itrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtkeep coming doctor. waiting time movement.rtlike cover worse crime  overreaction legitimate protest create unstoppable movement. thanks nypd   occupywallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.
rtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...needsoftheoccupiers note ups delivery address  check "donations" section  current list.  occupywallstreetrtrttry 2 donations vitamin 3 4 protesters. help fight agnst colds & flu..  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkone tidbit  occupywallst. organizers check desk accepting cash donations raised "around $500" yesterday.rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrt"please note occupywallst.net paypal scam. none donations paypal."rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtsupportoccupywallstreet donations provisions     doing 99%  joinrttakewallstreet  patriots  occupywallstreet occupy chicago donations   please sprea… (cont)occupywallstreet own address helpful donations.. inflatable mattresses.. come.  ows  needsoftheoccupiers  p2rtlove howis taking donations  bitcoins. apt.  ourwallstreetrtmtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkhow effort understanding econ commerce?celebrates chomsky support donations bitcoindonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet occupy chicago donations   please help support windy cityfake web site collecting donations (occupywallst.net) act   anonymousrtsend supply donations ups store   re  occupywallstreet  118a  205 york  york 10038.  ourwallstreet  vote ccmake donations  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers
rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rttons police. protesters staying sidewalk. nypd letting march.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rttons police. protesters staying sidewalk. nypd letting march.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtwhat re stopped/ arrested police.   occupywallstreet  nypd  pleasestaysafeevery time watch utube vid aftr utube vid  nypd unjustly attacking peaceful protestors  makes distrust police.solidarity  occupywallst   outrageously disproportionate response police. fight.occupywallstreet 4 arrests  1 media  1 photographer punched police.protectandserve  provokeandincite ? pick sidertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rt““cnn  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet cnn = liars  saying protesters assaulted police.””its unbelievable public nuisance. producers funds wallstreet.and pay police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet 4 arrests  1 media  1 photographer punched police.protectandserve  provokeandincite ? pick sidertevery time watch utube vid aftr utube vid  nypd unjustly attacking peaceful protestors  makes distrust police.
rtsleep wellrt  takewallstreet  breakingnewsanonymous  occupywallstreet  occupyatlanta 100 arrestedrtnow  seeing nypd abuse dad  occupyatlanta beginrtoccupyamerica  occupylasvegas  occupyatlanta  occupyaustin  occupyfdsf  occupyla  occupyportland  occupywallstreet  occupy_boston ect. joinrtoccupywallstreetrtstand believe  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  occupyatlanta  occupybinghamton  occupyla  occupythenationrtsleep wellrthey  nypd world watching    occupywallstreet  ows  occupyatlanta  occupywallstfollowtodayrtrtoccupations launching country.  occupywallstreet   occupyatlanta   occupychicago   occupylartnow  seeing nypd abuse dad  occupyatlanta beginrtoccupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupychicago  occupyboston  occupymiami  occupyatlanta  occupydallas  occupycleveland  occupystand believe  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  occupyatlanta  occupybinghamton  occupyla  occupythenationsleep wellrtsleep wellrtnow  seeing nypd abuse dad  occupyatlanta beginoccupyatlanta     occupycharlotte   solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtbankers  gonna pay crisis  globlachange  derechoatecho  15m  25s  ows  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupyatlantartoccupywallstreetrtnow  seeing nypd abuse dad  occupyatlanta begin
rtliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallst viapharmacy kits using naloxone revive addicts opiate overdose naloxone  medicine blocks opiate rece...rtdave edmunds  hear knocking  via24/7  twitter blocks  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtpolice blockaded  wallstreet 5 6 blocks & stop people peacefully protesting  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtjust met 2 residents live 2 blocks. learn mor… (cont)rtchristie blocks tax credit ‘jersey shore’may shift change. rtreports police staging massive presence 2 blocks libert… (cont)rtrtliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallstrtjust met 2 residents live 2 blocks. learn mor… (cont)police blockaded  wallstreet 5 6 blocks & stop people peacefully protesting  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyblocks moms house     unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street  viarttwittercensorship blocks  occupywallstreet top trending topic twicertpolice blockaded  wallstreet 5 6 blocks & stop people peacefully protesting  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrt"police blockaded  wallstreet 5 6 blocks & stop people peacefully protesting  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy”rtpolice blockaded  wallstreet 5 6 blocks & stop people peacefully protesting  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtpolice blockaded  wallstreet 5 6 blocks & stop people peacefully protesting  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtrtjust met 2 residents live 2 blocks. learn mor… (cont)yahoo blocks emails  sept17  needsoftheoccupiersrtpolice blockaded  wallstreet 5 6 blocks & stop people peacefully protesting  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtjust met 2 residents live 2 blocks. learn happening here.  ocperhaps presidential material... rtchristie blocks tax credit ‘jersey shore’
anthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet“video awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrtnypd pepper sprays peaceful protesters   takewallstreetrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nycrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtvideo   nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street   call mediavideo – nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street – call the…video    nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street   call media     p21  p2  lgbtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestnypd  unprovoked  peppersprays women  barricade occupy wall street protest   nypdpeppersprayswomen  occupywallstreetrtoutrage video cop pepper sprays women protesters walks  viaoccupywallstreetrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs correspondent jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   p2  p21nypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nycrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nycrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rti liked avideo  nypd pepper sprays peaceful protestersnypd  unprovoked  peppersprays women barricade occupy wall street protest | alternet  people inside bldgrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtthe atlantic nypd whiteshirt pepper sprays violent girls flees. bit.ly/oikigh lethal weapons=abusive police
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17greece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtchilling photos police protesters clashing  occupywallstreet.wall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform   occupywallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...rtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentrtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtnypd pins  mace peaceful female protesters pls      takewallstreetrtabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.n3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  goprtrtoccupywallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtmubarak style police crackdown wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  tcotrtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2rtrtas uniformed public servant  commend  occupywallstreet protesters  nyc… (cont)rtwsj "bankers  protesters  ones arrested  occupywallstreet" vi am surprised inwsj  "bankers  protesters  ones arrested on"wall street protesters broadcast arrests social media

as scorn vote grows  protests surge globethe ban shirts daily   ? top stories viartcritique  don undermine people doing wrong. scorn folks trying brave bold things.  occupywallstas scorn vote grows  protests surge globeas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe  > world  wide contempt political procesas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe  viartas scorn vote grows  protests surge globeas scorn vote grows  protests surge globertthe ban shirts daily   ? top stories viaas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe  > world  wide contempt political processnyt:scorn vote grows... indian voters feel congress bjp unresponsive & captivertnytimes scorn vote grows  protests surge globe   occupywallstreet  p2  news  internet  revolution   worldas scorn vote grows  protests surge globenytimes scorn vote grows  protests surge globe   occupywallstreet  p2  news  internet  revolution  worldas scorn vote grows  protests surge globeas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe  protest except  occupywallstrtcritique  don undermine people doing wrong. scorn folks trying brave bold things.  occupywallstrtas scorn vote grows  protests surge globertas scorn vote grows  protests surge globeviamtas scorn vote grows  protests surge globeas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe
rtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)occupywallst real democracy street    change    usa  tunisierthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetrtwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtdo expect corporate media report folks protestin… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet  wallstreet   amazing atmosphere  ppl power  real stuff   sept17  downwithcorruptionbanks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetrtyow revradio real  devil qwerty   occupywallst  takewallstreetrtdining family makes happier  adjusted teens   viaomc yikes  confidential; am rid gmail; apparently formhongkong trying break indank  wlf express grattitude all. wonderful loving group; bond breakrtwhat cheaper  eating out?rtgreatgraphic cost fast food vs homertyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtusdor  sep24  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet   australiaiswatchingrt"junk food cheaper real food..this plain wrong. isn’t cheaper eat highly processed food"rtbrooklyn city councilman charles barron protest ga mtg:"stop & frisk wall st.arrest real criminals wall st"brother west  words thegeneral assembly  spirited & beautiful sign solidarity w/real folkswow real heros whats beating crap little babies?
rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstjust reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  readrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordwe help urgently  please  libertysquare  spread     occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsert20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtplease spread people groundrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtcannot  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla protests? help? spread news & watch live @rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychirtyes for&organizing nonviolent protests wall street.  enoughalready  occupywallstrtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychirta read      fraying nation decencydanks book marked link re; facebook read later; google track everywhere; searchs; deletesrtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)rtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtrtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado t… (cont)rtunfortunately whatever happen  zaccutti it. enforcing thr government respond  takewallstreetrtthere actual  news happening  nyc pls cover  occupywallstreetrtnypd chasing runaway horse  incident control  horse stopped @ 115th & riverside >only in.. guess happens everywherertthis happening.   grassrootsbillboard  graffiti  occupywallstreet.nyt "whatever happened american left?   left quiet  loud? [obama co opted left.]rtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrtand apparently  occupywallstreet happening england  u.s.rtwhatever happened american left?  page best..reconnect w/ordinary people.rtyo  liberty plaza wanna skype video chat somehow... happen   contact?   usdorthe world finally happening seriouscatching happened  occupywallstreet protests followingbest wishes all.rtlast sept17  2yrs enjoying twitter & more.  2yrs horrific ondoy wrath ordeal  praying won happen more.rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtrtpeople assembly happening  occupywallstreetrtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)rtrtcops  nypd beginning talk happen pensions. beautif… (cont)

you re  takewallstreet crowd service gluttons bust  union & pension.nyt "tagline ideas u.s. post office:"  promote united postal service.“city cellphone service begins underground 4 subway stationseta service restored?     dsept. 28  1924. sept. 28  1924  united army air service planes completed ci...finally  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsrtcrimesourcing  crime service & data criminals startup employees (via):...rtusps labor  union  occupywallst rtpostal service employees hold rallies nationwide   washington postpraise  news nyers  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsrtpostal service begin honoring living people stamps"wi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations  goodrtnow re protesting postal service employees   occupywallstreetits  bout time rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsshameless   onstar tracks users  driving habits quit service ... chuck schumer angry t...rtrtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsrtsmall air mattress + 4 mo puppy.. mood light airy. protestors thanking nypd officers service..  owsrtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsonly chelsea  love   rtcell phone service comes chelsea subway platformswooo im excited  rtmta begins subway cell service select platformsrtcan hear now? cellphone service available nyc subway stations mobile & at&t customersawesome rtmta begins subway cell service select platforms
rtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viartcapitalism system government.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet factory faith ... justsayinrtit suggested pass  occupywallstreet band record sell live album.  id buy it.rtit suggested pass  occupywallstreet band record sell live album.  id buy it.rtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viartthat pretty nails facebook  twitter  rtwhat "let real"  bittman nails always. junk food cheaper?    www.letsgetrealshow.comrtcapitalism system government.  occupywallstreetrtcapitalism system government.  occupywallstreetrtrtlivestream march  occupywallstreetrtthat pretty nails facebook  twitter  rtme  tired bullshit rti support  occupywallstreet am mad hell  im gonna anymore :|rt“capitalism system government.  occupywallstreet” rtrt“capitalism system government.  occupywallstreet” //shouldn  but... :/rtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viartthat pretty nails facebook  twitter  viartthat pretty nails facebook  twitter  rtrtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viartthat pretty nails facebook  twitteri imagine saying "because clueless idiot" slowly drag 30  occupywallstreet
rtrtwe re 150 people magic 1000 confirm block bridge  block bill  (cont)rtrtthere free coach organised  brum toblock bridge  block th… (cont)rtrtwe re 150 people magic 1000 confirm block bridge  block bill  (cont)nasty sad little individuals  edl  ukuncut  wlf.my word life  saddo existence  lead.   ukuncut  edl  uaf liz alvis :0)rt17 economic myths forward government  re true.   ukuncut  recession  economyrthmrc admit "corporate tax errors" re  vodafone  goldmansachs   ukuncuthashtag trolling saddo?    andreaurbanfox   edl  uaf  ukuncut  dalefarm   tcot  teamwc   teaparty  bnpperhaps&can explain?    edl  uaf  ukuncut   racism  andreaurbanfox>< sick person  andreaurbanfox  edl  uaf  ukuncut  dalefarm  tcotrtgovernment borrowing hits record august   osborne admit wrong?  ukuncutrthearing character references defendants amazing    brighton9  ukuncutrtmissing tax massively underestimated  hmrc   pcs  ukuncutthis picture racist comment sent pal stalker?    ukuncut  edl  uaf  tcotdecided liz alvis? cyberbullying her?  edl ukuncut. decided liz alvis? cyberbullying her?  edl  ukuncutdecided liz alvis? re cyberbullying her?  edl  ukuncut.   decided liz alvis? re cyberbullying her?  edl  ukuncut  uafso decided bully liz alvis you?  andreaurbanfox  edl   ukuncut   uaf  bloody tedious drama queen.><so troll trolling  dalefarm now?    ukuncut  andreaurbanfox  clown  edlukuncut rtsolidarity demo ed monday (at bail hearing) 3pm  brum mag court… (cont)
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told towhere ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests lol“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquareday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquareoccupywallstreet calls 4 arrest / imprisoment serial abuser  nypd pig bologna  takewallstreet  libertysquarerta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtoccupywallstreet   interview woman arrested yesterday  viaheadlineshey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreet(from buzzfeed)  nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertrtoccupywallstreet 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdorrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica
rtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksconstruction 2nd ave. subway digs grave local businesesawaiting info subway linesplease updated. trying plan commute w/small children.took 2/3 line 96 bklyn. 5 train w/lots delays. exited atlantic bus. wrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksrtmta rejects proposed bus subway ads calling enemies israel  savages   asshats“city cellphone service begins underground 4 subway stationsadam appreciation amalgamation   ? top stories viathefts electronic devices subways rise “it electronic devices ” chief monaghan  appearing met...eta service restored?     dthank  thanks feed. doing job. helpful.finally  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationstech el subway de ny tiene su propia versión ipadnypd plans extra patrols subway nypd ramping weekend patrols underground reverse recent 17...rtwaterlogged subway tracks 125th street & st. nicholas  viapraise  news nyers  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations"wi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations  goodits  bout time rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsrtsecond avenue subway project track  report cardrtrtbrooklyn battery tunnel closed morning forrun honor ...
rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers wr arrested nypd destroying economy? none. wr rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700brthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2
rt“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsblame socioeconomic environment?owsnewsrt“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsyou report mideast protesters getting unjustly jailed report u.s. onrtallow protesters assemble peacefully. watching.  occupywallstreet  occupychi  occupydcrtdoesn prove re corporate  dumbed media? real class war watching   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet taught traditional news sources obsolete.rtoccupywallstreet taught traditional news sources obsolete.nypdusing unnecessary force arresting nearly 100 peaceful  usa protestors  breaking  takewallstreet  libertyplazartoccupywallstreet taught traditional news sources obsolete.rtoccupywallstreet taught traditional news sources obsolete.rtoccupywallstreet taught traditional news sources obsolete.rtdoesn prove re corporate  dumbed media? real class war watching   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet taught traditional news sources obsolete.rtif weren govt pensions wall st wouldn rob blind   occupywallstreetlook pics please“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsif weren govt pensions wall st wouldn rob blind   occupywallstreetimagine ppl  occupywallstreet eu money & bail banksters out? party timewhen workers fuk raise? 10 yrs  fuk trickle  time real class war   occupywallstreetdoesn prove re corporate  dumbed media? real class war watching   occupywallstreet
using twitter trends oh damn   beautiful  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetso beautiful.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetbrother west  words thegeneral assembly  spirited & beautiful sign solidarity w/real folkslove color illustration s. fresh beautiful.thank youbeautiful speech.  takewallstreetrtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidaritybeautiful video thx toabout process fantastic  occupywallstreet movement. hope...rtnyc sends love  libertysquare beautiful citizens that4  globalrevolution renaissancehave safe beautiful day loves   occupywallstreet  takewallsteet  ourwallstreet  sept17stock market  738  occupywallstreet    winning     fade black  opesr beautiful  usdor  endthefed  a99hole 14beautifuldaycharitygolf  hudsonriverrt“on baltimore   wait beautiful people   ”  iwilloccupyrtnypd bring spirits. increased them. night beautiful. visit  zuccotti & yourself.  occupywallstreetit beautiful day. revolutionary day   occupywallstreetrtbeautiful rthey  ve dozen people ready sleep night… (cont)humanity. beautiful  rtpic day  libertyplaza night.   sep17  occupywallstreetrtnow beautiful :d rtoccupywallstreet library? badasshelp beautiful troublertnypd bring spirits. increased them. night beautiful. visit  zuccotti & yourself.  occupywallstreetrta beautiful video wall street occupation via  occupywallstreet  libertypark  sept17laying park. beautiful. occupywallstreet camping manhattan. this. really

rttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.rt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtoccupymn october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  occupywallstreetpleaserthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetoctober2011  chris hedges   occupywallstreet  oct6  usdor  stopthemach2011  yeswecamp  owsoctober2011  chris hedges:why   occupywallstreet  usdor  oct6  antibanks  sep17october6  time different.this time leaving    usdor  stopthemach2011 plz. retweetchris hedges   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismdavid swanson   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismkaren malpede   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismstop machine    stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatism  takebackamericawe flag liberty square & liberated zones   occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  takebackamerica  usdor  october2011  antibanksrtcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrthey  join  nyc? tell reason  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupytakewallstreet...rttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupychicago legal support please help   occupywallstreetrtrtrtrtit official occupy la begins occupation october 1st city halloccupywallstreet october 6th people las vegas gather protest  occupylasvegas  occupytogetherrtrtrtrtit official occupy la begins occupation october 1st city hallrtoccupysanantonio withoctober 6th @  thealamo stand solidarity withtakewallstreet  insolidarity
fyi “heavy rains causing delays airports; travelers urged check carriers”have seen  dblcobrabear?   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtbe safe  york. rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtgood correct  care mtcobra rumor reliable source  owsrti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtows  nypd cobra task force corner zucotti park  heads  rtrtsend prayers nyc nypd mounted cobra tactical @ zucotti :(  ows  occupyoaklandunconfirmed "please aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas "  owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   owsrtcobra task force chief nypd zucotti park via scanner.  owsrti personally heard officer nypd scanner cobra zucotti park. will.cobra gi joe?“please aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   ows” yay.rtplease aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   ows"rumor cobra (chemical  ordinance  biological  radiological) zucotti park expect gas safe   ows""please aware  cobra tactical nypd unit mounting  expect gas   ows"doesknow this?
“i pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17  thankrtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17don nypd rti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtsmall air mattress + 4 mo puppy.. mood light airy. protestors thanking nypd officers service..  owsrtwalking park lively discussions side. subdued mood side. nypd presence feels lighter mon night.  owsrtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtwalking park lively discussions side. subdued mood side. nypd presence feels lighter mon night.  owsphys ed exercise boosts mood   nytimes.comrtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtmtbreaking moodys downgrades bank america  fargo  banksters  fraudclosure  ffraud  takewallstreetrtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtlol <3this pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rt   photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photorti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtsmall air mattress + 4 mo puppy.. mood light airy. protestors thanking nypd officers service..  owsrtsmall air mattress + 4 mo puppy.. mood light airy. protestors thanking nypd officers service..  owsrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17fall=apple picking season  re mood  thisreport there.  nyc
rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rt"now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.
rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrttherapists ‘seeing’ patients onlinert"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.what ponchos matters seeing using donated items.it insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegemy mom counseling phone; wouldn t. times changing therapists ‘seeing’ patients onlinertmtofficers overseeing "rather die  sorry  believe re this"”rtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetrtnow  seeing nypd abuse dad  occupyatlanta beginrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this""sightseeing plane crashes nepal  killing 19"    gone trip 11 yrs ago.."we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights "    occupywallstreetmt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights"   patrick bruner.   occupywallstreet vialiterally sick stomach seeing fox news  megan kelly  usdor girls prolly deserved teargas. hvnt watched tv sincewas disturbed yesterday  seeing video nypd pepper spraying women reason?  (via)  nonviolence ?therapists ‘seeing’ patients online
rtover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voicertevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreet“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”officer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  policebrutalitypeaceful woman penned & maced nazi  nypd  cops    cop  police  policebrutality  brutality  corruption  abuse  newsrtnypd targeting photographers occupation wall street   occupywallstreet  nypd  policebrutalityno desk duty cops guilty  policebrutality hold bologna responsible  nypd    ows  occupywallstreet  anonymous[…]are ready testify? 2   anonymous  policebrutality  opfullerton  opbart  occupywallstreet  usdor  solidarity  freedomrt32 pictures police brutality occupy wall street protests.   nypd  occupywallstreet  policebrutalitynypd arrests 100+  occupywallstreet protests    resistance  solidarity  policestate  policebrutalityzuccotti park protestors fighting safeguard union  stoppolicebrutality  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  endfascismzuccottipark protestors fighting safeguard union   stoppolicebrutality  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  endfascismrtpeaceful female protesters penned street maced    usdor  takewallst  policebrutality  peacefulprotestrtnypd brutalising protestors.  don unnoticed.  policebrutality  occupywallstreetrt32 pictures police brutality occupy wall street protests.   nypd  occupywallstreet  policebrutalityvideo 80 people arrested "occupy wall st."   occupywallstreet  nyc  policestate  policebrutality  ows  occupywallstrt"nypd targeting photographers   occupywallstreet  nypd  policebrutality  policestate  vote 4msnrtover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voicertover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voicertolbermann covers pepper spraying peaceful females protesters   policebrutality  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreetrtrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   acab  policebrutality  occupywallstreet
rtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtreally?says supreme ct ruling corp= personhood 2 corp control elections. knows? goal 2 disrupt?rtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdor
rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........1staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallstrttomorrow movement bigger   occupywallstreetrtif political parties fail  move beyond political parties.  occupyla  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement   occupywallstreetover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement  occupywallstreetare official  demands   occupywallstreet movement?rtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articleboth  teaparty &  occupywallst bogus *movements* (useful idiots sincere o/c).  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnmrtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychirt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychirtrt1 vote remove cannabis schedule 1 drug list & decriminalizationourdemandsrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)
nyt op ed "is junk food cheaper?"  it’s myth chips cheaper broccoli. they’re not.rtwall street ~ it’s okay streets tehran  it’s okay streets york   occupywallstreetrt"it’s biggest obstacles building powerful movement [...] own cynicism & despair."  occupywallstreet herertwall street it’s okay streets tehran  it’s okay streets york ~   occupywallstreetrt"...if you’re sitting 45  it’s probably medium you."“they call ‘poor care poor people.’ misunderstanding. it’s effective resources.”rtsingle gals   read    rtfor single ladies sometimes it’s  math   modern lovesometimes it’s  math modern lovea lot talk news stopping bullying it’s legal & moral wear badge  arrestbologna  occupywallst  nypdwall street:  it’s okay streets tehran  it’s okay streets york   occupywallstreetwall street ~ it’s okay streets tehran  it’s okay streets york   occupywallstreetwall street it’s okay streets tehran  it’s okay streets york ~   occupywallstreetwall street it’s okay streets tehran  it’s okay streets york     occupywallstreetrt> sometimes it’s  math modern lovertfor single ladies *and ones doubt sometimes it’s  math   modern lovebest fucking article ve read awhile singledom. sometimes it’s  math   modern lovertwall street:  it’s okay streets tehran  it’s okay streets york   occupywallstreetrtsingle gals   read    rtfor single ladies sometimes it’s  math   modern lovethe phony solyndra scandal nyt  real winner isn’t taxpayers house rs. it’s chinese solar industry.strutt mutt york (cbsnewyork) — it’s day pet owners furry friends ...barbara sheehan admits benefitting financially nypd lt. hubby’s death york (cbsnewyork) – it’s thi...
love color illustration s. fresh beautiful.rtff  gratitudehuge hug  occupywallstreet  libertysquare gang  (via)lol @ retweetin nyscanner shit hahahahart16 arrested spent 3 hours sweating paddywagon fresh air water. 1 eyebrow laceration.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreethuh? don seetrashing  occupywallst  takewallst? *refreshes tlrtgreat piece byexploding ridiculous myth poor people afford fresh  nutritious food.rtwhat.the.fuck.is.this.fresh.hell.? really? quit life.rtdemocracy action  occupywallstreet  libertysquarertgreat piece byexploding ridiculous myth poor people afford fresh  nutritious food.video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasert16 arrested spent 3 hours sweating paddywagon fresh air water. 1 eyebrow laceration.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarertstudent stabbed inside queens school   newyorkcityrt16 arrested spent 3 hours sweating paddywagon fresh air water. 1 eyebrow laceration.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwonder guys help provide fresh food/water???? grownyc 51 chambers street 228occupywallstrtgreat piece byexploding ridiculous myth poor people afford fresh  nutritious food.rtordering instructions send fresh produce  organic food  supplies  occupywallstreet  | facebookrtgreat piece byexploding ridiculous myth poor people afford fresh  nutritious food.rtmcgraw hill erin davis college freshman checklist helps students succeed  viartmcgraw hill erin davis college freshman checklist helps students succeed  viartin refresher here.   occupywallstreet

rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viawatch video      occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet   libertysquareoccupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usarthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetrtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsrtrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  ourwallstreetrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  ourwallstreetrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarertrta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned gr...rtcannot  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla protests? help? spread news & watch live @keep up. world watching. rtoccupywallstreet trending worldrtnypd sending police lower manhattan. tactical plan  watch  occupywallstreet livertlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>watching globalrevolution  viaoccupywallstreetrtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrtwe  occupywallstreet world watches.rtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution livertfantastic video  done. amazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet
rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.rtoccupywallstreet   interview woman arrested yesterday  viaheadlinesrtyowas  bloomie decided comment 80 arrests yesterday nyc?  occupywallstreet &  occupyallstreetsrtfdl live blog  occupywallstreet day nine  pressing mass arrests yesterday   usdor  takewallstreetpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrtanonymous 3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet  viablog“anonymous 3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet  viablog”rtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycrtup 5 people hit pepper spray 12th st. & 5th ave. yesterdayyesterday  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tour guide holding flag lead tourists camp picturesrtwall street protesters arrested yesterday ll protestingone tidbit  occupywallst. organizers check desk accepting cash donations raised "around $500" yesterday.rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>article  occupywallstreet protestors maced & arrested yesterday march.   occupyla3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywal...rtcops yesterday released summons. wasnt catch & release   takewallstreet  owsrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>
anthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetlisten congressman  alan greyson   alan grayson presidentnytimes lightning strikes red sox rays“video awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestyankees laugh 5 2 loss rays  martin’s humor leads ejection yankees  russell martin ejected...red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bosto...rtnypd pepper sprays peaceful protesters   takewallstreet“red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day  los baltimore como siempre las puertasrays hope alive  beat yanks 5 2 monday night game little postseason tune the...rays re joyce  top yanks stay hunt matt joyce lifted tampa bay 5 3 win yankees tuesday nig...rti wrote article solidarity  occupywallst protestersrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nycrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtvideo   nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street   call mediavideo – nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street – call the…video    nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street   call media     p21  p2  lgbtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayon baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final daynypd  unprovoked  peppersprays women  barricade occupy wall street protest   nypdpeppersprayswomen  occupywallstreet
currently living times massive worldwide finanical rape wealthy sociopaths.  occupywallstreetthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. column...nyt:to avert mass  rape &violence kenya permit aid agencies establish reception centres border.   somaliaon top famine  unspeakable violence mass rape       somalianew york times rare arrest official accused rape china ...gr8 column fromthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape.reception camps kenyan somali border stop rape robbery famine victims_ unspeakable violencertshockingly  evidence stockholm syndrome everywhere. don get. re getting ass raped daily banks.rtthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. columnrtdreadful beyond words top famine dying kids  mass rape women/girls somaliafocaccia olive oil grapes   appetitertthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape.   vaw  somaliartnytimes decades prison  cleared rape lacking exonerationrtthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. columnrtgr8 column fromthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape.well girls scum raped  rapists scum. touches personally oktherapeutic counseling skype?  tele psychiatry...rtthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. column“nypd officer pleads guilty rape charges  course ll offrtdreadful beyond words top famine dying kids  mass rape women/girls somaliartrtthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape.   vaw  somalia
rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)calamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet1staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallstrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtbring food water st. james & madison st. arrestees  occupywallstreetiww spotrtcops getting aggressive @ madison & st james. water drinks  bring &   occupywallstreetrtnyc protesters accuse nypd pepper spraying  roughing  denying food & water  vaseline ing eyeglasses  tauntingrtcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet<> water water water   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtneedsoftheoccupiers "could ponchos  blankets  socks  heat water  food."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet pls retweetthere drugs drinking water. what?rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst
“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetblog post  occupywallstreet  cornell west "don afraid revolution"   p2  topprog  usdor  ows\dr. cornell west don afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  usdor  ows  p2  topprog  diggblog post dr. cornell west  "don afraid revolution"   occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  digg  p2rtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  takewallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  takewallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblog post  occupywallstreet  cornell west "don afraid revolution"   p2  topprog  usdor  owsrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtdr. cornell west   people found voice    occupytogether  ourwallstreet  cdnpolirtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordwe help urgently  please  libertysquare  spread     occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease spread people groundrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtcannot  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla protests? help? spread news & watch live @rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychirtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychispread wide. unnecessary    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadbreaks heart watch  jameyrodemeyer story on. imp spread  itgetsbetteri awake... tell im spreading "false news"  occupywallstreet  occupytexas  occupyelpasowe spreading word guys  faith     world watchingrti changed profile toplease spread word..i lots help organize oct 6thrtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstmichael moore mentioned occupy wall st cnn.  hopeitspreadslikewildfireeasily printableposter  print spread word
rti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtamazing photos here. mtfiltered thru hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreet
rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdamp day  ourwallstreet. protestors survived worse coming stronger & larger numbers.opshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  blackboc  blackbagged. winrtffrtopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  bla...rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  antibanksrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. / yep  town fools newsworthyrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tr… (cont)rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiers
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...rtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobacco   needsoftheoccupiers  ows  ourwallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersyes..oppportunist cornel west..full cat left stairs & ain spilled milk..attention getting creeprttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobaccoourwallstreet”rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetoccupywallstreet milk maced. helps  personal experience.rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobacco   needsoftheoccupiers  ows  ourwallstreet
rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rt?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreet.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupyla  owsrtwall street protesters arrested yesterday ll protestingrt"i don takes 2 imagination figure ppl doing wall street protesting"  occupywallstreeti admire urging people contact senators protesting streets  occupywallstrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartkeep protesting peacefully suppporting hard twitter revolution  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  ows  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet thank germany  protesting solidarity  wallstreet   sept17rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartthis rtwhy american citizens arrested peaceful protesting teapart… (cont)photoset peaceful protesting granny’s arrested despicable. words.  occupywallstreetrtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rti stand w/ courageous brothers & sisters colors protesting greed wall street.  occupywallstreetrti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?rtnow re protesting postal service employees   occupywallstreetrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupyla
rtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardrtlet love late night images coming   takewallstreet  occupywallst remind days tahrirrtreminder traveling to/from  jets game. rtport authority toll hike starts sunday   newjerseyrtppl liberty reminder frustrating locals interest.rtand   occupywallstreet hashtag isn blocked???rtif girl play peter pan  ve played little indian boy life pi.rtthe invade & win hearts minds people building roads bridges putting locals work.  occupywallstreetrtifaimed bring provocateurs shut  wisconsinunion  hijacked planning  occupywallstreet?you re respectable mind. look support  occupywallstreet   :)rtrtorganizers demanding resignation nypd police commissioner kelly & arrest som… (cont)can body chicago mind   occupywallstthese bastards... nypd fucking damn minds. wrong.reminds doc protests seattle wto conference 90s  & conviction  irvine11rtwill share story all. don mind. :)rti future instead campaign ads  reminders time  generalassembly meets.  occupytogether  occupywallstreetrtevr notice @ leftist rallies protests  participants 2 reminded 2 violent? default violence.  occupywallstreetrti support  occupywallst protests cause re daily reminder badly wall st. fucked country populace forgets fast.soal vonis mindo rosalina  kpk belum ambil sikap  viafacebook tracks logout  reminds story fromandfrom 2010fromnypd reminded avoid improper marijuana arrests bit.ly/n0ru0r
rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwhere nypd arrests speculators run gas prices supply exceeds demand  costing billions?  occupywallstreetrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin"how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin"rtcanada politicians riding fighter jets spending billions prisons capitalism tanks.  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpolirtbill gates billions charity  unfortunately charity own tax exempt foundation.  usdorrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt?? ????? ?????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?????? ????  viartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetnyt tantawi testifies mubarak  ????? ?????? ????????????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? arrests peaceful  occupywallstreet  protesters continue. don   ourwallstreetrt????  ????  occupywallstreet ? ???? ?????? ????? ???? ??? ???????  viartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet????? ?????? ?? ????????? ?????rt????? ?????? ????? ?? ??????? ?????rt????? ?????? ????? ?? ??????? ?????rttantawi testifies mubarak’s trial egypt  ????? ?????? ?? ????? ????? ?????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ????? ?? ?? ??????. ??? ? ?? ??????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ??????? ?????? ????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally
rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.pweiskel08 photostream link again. sorry   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetnews   bed intruder  ... antoine dobson ... arrested  ... again.  negro  target heads       fbyears ago attempted  dayofrage. spanking dad  tried again.  takewallstreetrtthink 99% people don $1m /year demands? again.  takewallstreetrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.agree. again.. read article btw? gemget lawyers.. jail ..regroup again.rtthink 99% people don $1m /year demands? again.  takewallstreet"no nonsense cooking eating...must popular again." read byis junk food cheaper?up 7 thanks nypd/fdny   again. :( falling asleep dad calls congratulate mag piece.  turnedfrownupsidedown.rtthats boot fascism yur neck  hippy law & & civilization   occupywallstreet  p2 >so  meet again..rtget lawyers.. jail ..regroup again.rtwhen america restores civic space...americans able talk again.  usdorrtget lawyers.. jail ..regroup again.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.
mtgetting ready  nycutshurt press conference  nyc today. parents tell real story.rtbloomberg bully pulpit & refuses 2 fight 4  millionairestax. $4.6b cld eliminate cuts  whyclinton warned federal deficit created combination tax cuts spending  comi...cuts layoffs   jobs     housing slump forces cuts town company  viartsupport  occupywallstreet family 2 move money banks. control main street  takewallstreetrtin company town  cuts layoffsrthousing slump forces cuts town companyrtdid  fuckyoujpmorganchase ad campaign?  associating themselves w/  freedom.  answer   anonymous?  takewallstreetrtmore bondage   stop feeding bottom 99%fuckyoujpmorganchase  freedom  anonymous  takewallstreetfeed offness housing slump forces cuts town company  [manual offable]feed offness housing slump forces cuts town company  [manual offable]housing slump forces cuts town company times tough marvin windows doors  empl...housing slump forces cuts town company times tough marvin windows doors  which...proposed medicaid cuts lead care   news   standard speaker  viausdormarvin doors laying   housing slump forces cuts town companyhousing slump forces cuts town company times tough marvin windows doors  empl...rtbankofamerica = bankruptedamerica   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  moveyour damn  money peoplertme = 24 hours internet access.   seattle = occupied. power people = priceless.   occupyseattle   occupywallstreetrt46.2 mil. americans living poverty. rich tax cuts    usdor  usdorin  welfarestatertunderground politics thousand cuts   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tlot  topprog  p2  ourstreet  occupytogetherrt46.2 mil. americans living poverty. rich tax cuts    usdor  usdorin  welfarestate
“holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. nypd  "wtf?"  ows”rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsmt ows arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd wtf viartrtrtpeter seeger  occupywallstreetrtpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtwatching 92 pete seeger march  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owspete seeger marching  ows. tears eyes. live feedrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owswatching 92 pete seeger march  ows  | awesome. seeger livestreamrtwhere pete seeger  arlo guthrie  dan zanes join  occupywallstreetrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtrtspeechless. pete seeger. arlie guthrie.  winning        ows  occupythecirclertwatching 92 pete seeger march  owsrtamazing   livestream pete seeger walking columbus circle  . pete seeger fought 99% life.rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  ows"holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blks w/2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  wtf?  ows"rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtwatching 92 pete seeger march  ows
rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtbrother word... protest  don stigmatized.  occupywallst coverage  sequel  madisonrtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersone citizen vote dollarusdor corporate person hood.  1citizen1vote1dollar  1c1v1drttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentrtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediartabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.rtnypd sending police lower manhattan. tactical plan  watch  occupywallstreet livertrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtthe truth usa dangerous country world human rights  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  dayofragertcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetthe day rage   sept17   beginning. tomorrow marks 1 week people occupation wall street...rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartlive streaming coverage protests wall street.  media won cover  cover yourself.    occupywallstreet
please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes“city cellphone service begins underground 4 subway stationsgot word w/ cellphone ziptied (for 4 hrs) 12 person van 20 others.. held 7 cell hoursrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtcity cellphones subways dying gasp civilization?rtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtcan hear now? cellphone service available nyc subway stations mobile & at&t customersrtplease  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackerscellphone service available handful underground subway stations; 30 ... pete donohue cellphone ser...cellphone service available handful underground subway stations; 30 ...rtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutescellphone service available subway stationsrtcellphone service available nyc subway stations mobile & at&t customersi wonder cellphone service subway.  underground_subway_stations_30_mor.htmli wonder cellphone service subway.  underground_subway_stations_30_mor.html cujsoccellphones? job instead? rtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutescompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersin semi related story stopping cellphone hackers   business personal   york times
salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commishrtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchplane touring mt. everest crashes nepal  killing 19  including 2 americans americans 19 peop...salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne..."sightseeing plane crashes nepal  killing 19"    gone trip 11 yrs ago..nyt takes notice vermont town shaken co op killingsalty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...ayoo    "puerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrtarrests fatal shooting basketball star tayshana murphy york (cbsnewyork) — arrests killing ...can call thisabuses = kent 2011... remember kent killings...  occupywallstreet  owscan call thisabuses = kent 2011.. remember kent killings... occupywallstreet  owsrtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchimf killing  greece ppl.  economichitmen  usdor  opesrrttwo arrested killing school basketball star harlemrtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchnato  support continues kill civilians  libya. stop  war  stop killing people  don criminals   usdor198 yrs tho damn rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using (cont)rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorch
rtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtrtbig media afraid wall street protest seriously   ourwallstreet  vancouver  cdnpolirtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nyca black eye  jets 34 24 loss raidersrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycwell comfirmation...damn  rtmcfadden leads raiders past jets 34 24rttakewallstreet nypd afraid terrorists wall st.  wait mon.morning work.libyans qaddafi loyalists mounted raid algeria officials transitional government supporte...congrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nyca black eye jets 34 24 loss raiders week jets  suffocating defensive performance  ba...sexy move "turkish paper names israelis flotilla raidblog post  occupywallstreet  cornell west "don afraid revolution"   p2  topprog  usdor  ows\dr. cornell west don afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  usdor  ows  p2  topprog  diggblog post dr. cornell west  "don afraid revolution"   occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  digg  p2rtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nyc
rtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetrtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...rtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreettook 2/3 line 96 bklyn. 5 train w/lots delays. exited atlantic bus. wpossibility heavy rain weekend..   :(  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers space close  libertyplaza store rains. bag check system suave.when delays headed straight path  hoboken & montclair train. faith penn anymorertrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetthaxs >>rtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetrtus  democracy..eh? "occupywallstreet nypd police(toughguys)beat peaceful protesters   bahrainrt"occupywallstreet violence... free?   bahrain  hypocrisy  humanrightsus loosing respect middle east bcoz double standard policy  supporting  bahrain dictators supplying weapons. ?it insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegertnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.
audit reveals city paid $11.8 million housing subsidies dead peoplecuts layoffs   jobs     housing slump forces cuts town company  viartnyc paid $12m housing subsidies dead people...   tcot  tlotarchitecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesny times art news architecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules via verde  i...via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules   nytimes.comrtarchitecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesrthousing slump forces cuts town companyrtisrael  rejecting palestinian demands  plans housing outside 1967 boundaries  newsfeed offness housing slump forces cuts town company  [manual offable]feed offness housing slump forces cuts town company  [manual offable]rt???? dead people notorious voting democrats  housing subsidies dead people carryinghousing slump forces cuts town company times tough marvin windows doors  empl...nyc paid $12m housing subsidies dead people...  probably acorn voters.housing slump forces cuts town company times tough marvin windows doors  which...dtn usa architecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules via verde  sou...marvin doors laying   housing slump forces cuts town companyhousing slump forces cuts town company times tough marvin windows doors  empl...rtnyc paid $12m housing subsidies dead people...architecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules via verde  south bronx ...rts.e.c. investigating s&p action  07 contributed housing market collapse.  ing time
rtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articlert"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reportsnice article   occupywallstreet  antibanks  takewallstreet  ows  libertysquareny times article makes brief mention fbi investigating  occupywallstreet august.  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morningrtwe re 600+ strong  riverfronttimes article  occupystl movement   occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  stl  missouriread ny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilread ny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilrtnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetarticle  occupywallstreet protestors maced & arrested yesterday march.   occupylartrt nice article   occupywallstreetrtyou publish occupy wall street photos & videos straight article pageyou publish occupy wall street photos & videos straight article page     occupywallstreetrt"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reportsrti wrote article solidarity  occupywallst protestersrti wrote article solidarity  occupywallst protestersrta article  occupywallstreet. guardian   anonymous  takewallstreetrtny times article makes brief mention fbi investigating  occupywallstreet august.  takewallstreetnot positive article ny timesnot all. article  unbiased. yes pretty absurd system live absurd.  usdor
rtunfortunately nypd holding bad ones.boston red sox continue slide al wild card race  yankees aj burnett ...rtlibya ~gadaffi loyalists escaping  algeria ~regroup ~collect arms~ return attack  ffs viatwitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...twitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrtrtlibya ~gadaffi loyalists escaping  algeria ~regroup ~collect arms~ return attack  ffs via‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex berkeley college republicans bake sale with...rt fashion brands embrace  augmented reality   (via)  tech  fashion fashion br...rt brands embrace  augmented reality   discussed on/augmented reality (h...vettel wins singapore race  1 titleinin news day brothers sisters nyc raise $750k annual raceall thanks amazing supporters  mtraised $750k past weekend annual  race4kidssebastian vettel won ninth race winning drivers  title  wit...boston red sox continue slide al wild card race  yankees aj burnett ... crucial boston ...rtwhy talking  occupywallstreet? football important?  patheticrttwitter  amazing race  assistofficer bologna perpetrating police brutality disgrace badge. world watching  takewallstreetrtrace cure runners hope raise $6m breast cancer researcheat shred inhibitions; embrace surprising slaw fennel  beets  kohlrabi  seaweed slice...
rtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtwtf nypd ? nypd cites 166 law banning wearing masks masquerade party (lol  halloween? )  occupywallstreetwe start twitter campaign allow  occupywallst trendfreedom communication lacking.why isn twitter allowing  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet trend?  communismrtin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.rtnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetnews    chew  food talk tough swallowrtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?nypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet please livestreaming. allows truth   propaganda  people provoking  nypdnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetchew  food talk tough swallow cool recipes. report real cost ...i am slightly spray tan allowance.rti swallowed bieberblock excuse whencensored  wikileaks  "not current" lie explain  takewallstreet gone.rtoccupywallstreet please livestreaming. allows truth   propaganda  people provoking  nypdchew  food talk tough swallow tv style maven clinton kelly hosts informal round table regul...chew  food talk tough swallow   york daily news york daily news chew  food talk show...they grow tough home ;) rtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatwoo hoo   rtvcitory  rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  owsrtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rta site appears id nypd pepper spraying coward cop
"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtrtoccupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement   occupywallstreetover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement  occupywallstreetrtthere operation interested. film police officers.  oppaparazzi  occupywallstreetrtsunsalutesrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtper court appeals 1st amendment film police officers public     occupywallstreetrtwho nypd officer?rtevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreetnypd officers peaceful protester concussion  occupywallstreet..   corporategreed  antibanksnypd officer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorofficer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  policebrutalityrtover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementgovernment obviously us. activists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protestersrtanonymous posts id nypd officer pepper sprayed  occupywallstreet protesters union squarert"mace face" officer named 2004 protest abuse claim   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2rtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtbecause illegal wear mask nyc  wall street ceos staying offices  occupywallstreetas california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustnytimes offices workers choose own devicesnytimes offices workers choose own devicesrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustbusiness programs transform japan offices"the bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustnytimes offices workers choose own devicesrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustoccupation movement spreading  students occupying campus offices 2 protest union bustingrtnytimes offices workers choose own devicesrtgreat concept delivering street carts offices  healthy office bound. break.nytimes offices workers choose own devicesoccupywallst isn covered mainstream media re afraid defend corp offices sponsors. :(rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjust
yep  crying. statement heartbreaking.going bed. doubt ll sleep sit waiting happen. heartbreaking.so heartbreaking.. rtwatch 3 minutes  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreet... seeing home & affection heartbreaking  coming scratchedrtheartbreaking photo "occupy rome" destroys statue mary   ows   teapartyanticatholicism  catholicheartbreaking stories   occupywallstheartbreaking photos people weakest point. pray libya. battle libya | october 2011
sexy move "turkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrti hundred heroes wall street  don names.  occupywallstreetrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidthecalls guy "nut" names band witness in. strange journalism.get names arrested 2 legal wrkng group.  libertysquare  occupywallstreet    globalrevolution liverti started nypd wall shame  happen see/hear pics names badge     knowrtdear occupy wall street protestors post names badge videos officers abusing power. ourwallstreetnot names...(the pledge resistance)   libertysquare  occupywallstreetturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrti started nypd wall shame  happen see/hear pics names badge     knowrtfeed  ajstream protesters post names badge nypd officers videosairline turkish paper names  israelis  flotilla raidcan address comments repubiic me... thanks...  edl ;0) look carefully names...crafty shifty tax man. yes  obama goes names . please name ?tcot  teaparty  occupywallstreet  news  cspjrti started nypd wall shame  happen see/hear pics names badge     knowrti started nypd wall shame  happen see/hear pics names badge     knowturkish paper names israelis flotilla raid
rtrtoccupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   occupywallstreetrta family affair wife  daughter accused queens scam artist named accomplicesrt"mace face" officer named 2004 protest abuse claim   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2rtthe blue screen >> eli named nfc offensive player weekbear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...bear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...occupywallstreet  pepper spray  officer previously named anti war bush protest claim  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   anthonybolognaisanssholerteli named nfc offensive player week:) rteli named nfc offensive player weekrtpepper spraying cop named civil rights complaints 2004 anti bush protests   occupywallst  nypdrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrta dangerous day history freedom  think.   twittercensorship named shamed.  occupywallstreetrtsep17 occupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim (the woman rebel...   occupywallstreetrtofficer pepper sprayed wall street protesters named civil liberties lawsuit 200...   occupywallstreetrteli named nfc offensive player weekrtofficer pepper sprayed wall street protesters named civil liberties lawsuit 2004 rn..   ourwallstreetanthony bologna  nypd officer named pepper spray incident  accused civil rights violations tim… (cont)rteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player week
when closing acct  am 99%   defundthebanks  joinacreditunion  occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  occupylartwe re  hiring  office manager (maternity cover). applications closing soon. htt… (cont)aww.. sayang naman  hanapin mo na lang sa yt. sept17 event ata un basta korean festival sila ung  closing actthis saturday bank america closing bank account  occupywallst  takebackourfuturemarch wall street closing bell.   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeappglobal  markets world leaders "the window opportunity 4 2 respond closing quickpolice mull closing district stations   chicago sun times  via  occupychicago  occupywallsti am closing bank account response treatement protesters @  occupywallstwestchester exec closing playland optiona runaway horse? public riding stables manhattan closing claremont ago.closing arguments amanda knox murder appealclosing arguments amanda knox murder appealrtthanks 2  nypd closing wall street 2day ve 4 us.  keepitpeaceful  brothers + sisters.  cantshutanideagood article wilson closing rays prince street. not. lot left little italy childhoodrtrtamerica? nypd arresting people closing accounts citibank.   ows  ctl wtfrtnew video  occupywallstreet protesters arrested attempted  citibank account closing >>nypd arrests woman closing citibank account (video)   occupywallstreetrtwhen closing accounts bank  please respectful tellers there.   ows  occupymissoula  occupycanada  occupywallstreetrt24 arrested citibank  closing bank accounts  occupywallst protestrtincredible  people arrested closing bank accounts    ows  occupytogether8 minutes  washingtonsquare closing  occupywallstreet  ows  oct15. hear police dogs
wtf nyc  nypd anti aircraft defense  submarines  "the ring steel" 2000 cameras soon 3000 nd moreshocker. nypd weapon aircraft kelly doesn details it. wow  first.rtnypd anti aircraft capabilityand ain yankee hot dog rtnypd anti aircraft capabilitycrazy. rtbreaking  nypd anti aircraft capabilityshould u.s. municipal police departments anti aircraft capabilities.should u.s. municipal police aniti aircraft capabilities???rtbreaking  nypd anti aircraft capabilityrtnew york police commissioner ray kelly nypd capacity aircraftthe nypd anti aircraft capability sunday interview 60 minutes  ray kelly ny...   gossipportable emp weapons.nypd anti aircraft capability cryptogon.com/?p=25107watching 60 minutes dvr d. nyc police commisioner ray kelly nypd "capacity" aircraft.that means nypd anti aircraft weapons. crazykelly nypd anti aircraft weaponsnyc anti terror capabilities include ability bring aircraft york (cbsnewyork) –  nypd m...ooooooooohhh rtkelly nypd anti aircraft weaponsnypd anti aircraft capability via york daily news ten sept. 11 attacks world t...the nypd anti aircraft capabilities? wow  quasi military police gone wild. wary amnt power allow local police accruenypd anti aircraft capabilities? wow  quasi military  police gone wild. wary amnt power allow local police accrueand spaceships & spaceppl rtcommish. ray kelly nypd capacity aircraftrttonight police commissioner ray kelly reveals nypd means aircraft necessary. preview
rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreet“rttons supplies shipped ups store fulton  libertypark”rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtrtj suspended b/t fulton st & broad st. broad st   4  5 nearby bowling greenmedic team space (mylar) blankets > send ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street  occupywallstrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrt "lovely sent supplies ups store  118a box 205 fulton st  ny  ny10038 usa  occupywallstreet  wearethe99percentrttons supplies shipped ups store fulton  libertyparkrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers send supplies  occupywallstreet ups store re occupy wall street 118a fulton st.  205 york  ny 10038rtrtto support  occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall streetrtlovely sent supplies ups store  118a box 205 fulton st  ny  ny10038 usa  occupywallstreet  wearethe99percentmtto send  occupywallstreet send  occupy wall street 118a fulton st. box205 york ny 10038  owsnewsrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetwill running broad st. evening  suspended broad fulton tonight?rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtrttons supplies shipped ups store fulton  libertyparkshipping address finally poster ==  ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street   occupywallstrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreet
rt6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradioawaiting info subway linesrt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rtdonnie walsh indiana  waiting move frank isola donnie walsh spending ti...rt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17occupywallstreet dont worry banksters waiting monday  forgive  forget.rtconfirmed  nypd waiting till nightfall action    plz    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtopen eyes  world. don peaceful protestors shut  rt7 cop cars waiting 4 usrt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17rtopen eyes  world. don peaceful protestors shut  rt7 cop cars waiting 4 usi ve waiting decades. yeeeehaaaaaaaaaaaaa  stuff........rt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17we ones waiting for.  occupywallstreet  sep17  ows  usdor  hopidonnie walsh indiana  waiting move frank isola donnie walsh spending ti...rt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17rt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rtrti ve waiting decades. yeeeehaaaaaaaaaaaaa  stuff........rtkeep coming doctor. waiting time movement.going bed. doubt ll sleep sit waiting happen. heartbreaking.rtobama ll waiting hear words encouragement  occupywallstreet ran hope change 2008.rtthere win battles confrontation... waiting forto dm way...

rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhere1staid4  teargas  justincase go2rtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtcannot  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla protests? help? spread news & watch live @rtmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thankrtsleep wellfinallymade chicago news  time bank bail outs economic injustice main stream newsrtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherert“80 indignados detenidos en nueva yorkrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupierseye  occupywallstreet   anonymousoccupyla<bobsmith12> job occupy chicago  occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<sinisterteashop> chicago situation?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtjobs justice   racism war    presstorm  usdor   usa  occupywallstreet  occupychicago  uk  canada  tunisiayou announce official donation site avoid scammersrtthank   chitownstandup rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiers
rtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideanypd  cantshutanidea thanking mayor bloomberg.  fellowtravellerrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanidea
huge ad bus stop girls 7th birthday 86th lexington bus stop.  uphotortff  gratitudehuge hug  occupywallstreet  libertysquare gang  (via)rtwhy raise worker wages corps/banks lend workers money 18+% huge profits raising wages?   occupywallstrtthere huge elephant union square film photography union square elephant   nychuge shout friends attoday thewe event guests loved theirshuge march trafficwhere you?  occupywallstreetyou shot yourself footno justification beating folks tarps/tents  pay huge claimsi money support  occupywallstreet talking huge  karma  shitrtwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreetthere huge surge promote toddler comfy crap folks securely snuggledrtwhy raise worker wages corps/banks lend workers money 18+% huge profits raising wages?   occupywallstrtok tweets  occupywallstreet huge mural  troydavis pimpin bruckner eway thousandshuge respect & energetic support inspirational souls willing stand change "occupywallst:" walking talki mentioned live chat  social media recruit unemployed  people  weight  huge untapped resource.^i website.....  occupywallstreet huge hash tag trend.. duped check selfrtwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreethuge march trafficwhere you?  occupywallstreetat occupy wall street assembly meeting  announced planning "huge" march saturday 3pmit union square now.  fucking hugespeaking experience huge gun rights supporters  anti obama  ex military socially conse… (cont)rtwe huge amount growth facebook page 24 hours tha… (cont)
anthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtfuck anthony bologna. punished  occupywallstreet .rtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrt????  ????  occupywallstreet ? ???? ?????? ????? ???? ??? ???????  viaoccupywallstreetnypd officer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorofficer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  policebrutalityphoto anthony weiner picking nose rayburn hob building june.  uphotorti didnt care  occupywallstreet  nypd captain deputy inspector anthony bologna pepper sprayed deaf woman blank :^(rt.cowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetmore anthony bologna.   nypd  policertmore anthony bologna.   nypd  police happens??arrest coward  nypd anthony bolognartoccupywallstreet  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   anthonybolognaisanssholeanthony bologna held accountable  letknow   takewallstreet   occupywallstreet  eatbolognai propose demand resignation deputy inspector anthony bologna nypd patrol borough manhattan south.i propose demand resignation deputy inspector anthony bologna nypd patrol borough manhattan south  occupywallstreet  sept17my name misspelled article  please correct anthony grina? thanks“more anthony bologna.   nypd  police”rtrtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtanonymous exposes  nypd pepper spray officer anthony bologna aka tony balony   cabincr3w
rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rt"no society history imprisoned people united states."  occupywallstreet  riptroydavisin china throw bankers prisonsrtif human  1 20 chance american.  prisoner  1 4 chance american.rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchon tues.  thru police lines people leading  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet s/ortapparently execute prisoner save rtjustice troy davisrtrt6 former georgia corrections officers stand w/  troydavis prison staff refus… (cont)two hikers held iran 2009 u.s.a. american hikers imprisoned iran fin...rr"brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm"rtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"rtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"rtrt6 former georgia corrections officers stand w/  troydavis prison staff refus… (cont)"a public mta bus ziptied "prisoners"  flag downright  owrellianrtwe replace wall street prison camp financial criminals.  occupywallstreet  wallstreet  takewallstreetrtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
but continually mention re women proves re sexist.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetthanks wall street  access financial instruments wouldn otherwise exist. thanks  wall street   occupywallstreettest..are seeing message?? hit address 3xs user exist. please report..rtthanks wall street  access financial instruments wouldn otherwise exist. thanks  wall street   occupywallstreetrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstfood  rtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallst
police brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquareis associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsrtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracyoccupywallstreet  police brutality  arrests  msm blackout   goo.gl/qqpo7  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  libertyplaza  mikebloombergrtyou massive presence  occupywallstreet 1 mention twitter account  total media blackout situation?rtnypd mad? ve  police violence lifted news blackout  occupywallstreetrt"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout.  occupywallstreetrtplz  pics vids tweet vs media blackout   censorship  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreet   occupywallstnyc  sep17  sept17  anonrtaround world 18 tweets     cain2012  blackout  occupywallst  nepal   kerbala  beatcancer  nyad  philippe  saudioccupywallstreet  police  brutality  media blackout |keith olbermann covers occupy wall street media blackout  usdor  takewallstreet  nycrtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracyrt“twitterscrubbing  mediablackout  occupywallstreet | twitpic.com/6r1dsg | twitpic.com/6r1dss”  ourwallstreetrt“twitterscrubbing  mediablackout  occupywallstreet | twitpic.com/6r1dsg | twitpic.com/6r1dss”  ourwallstreetrtmediablackout  occupywallstreet backfiring  stay strong  people.  wecanmaketheworldstop   usdor  occupytamparti passed flyers  riverside  california today.  here.   occupywallstreet  occupyla  mediablackoutrt“twitterscrubbing  mediablackout  occupywallstreet | twitpic.com/6r1dsg | twitpic.com/6r1dss”  ourwallstreetrtf don  mediablackout   usdor  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetlive  nychas onwith mention hundreds protesting  occupywallstreet  mediablackoutrtrtkeith olbermann covers  occupywallstreet media blackout
police riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24rtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtoccupywallstreet protestors mobile (with video seemingly  questionable force police)rtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetrtknow rights (mobile)  calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreet“nyt reviews  googlewallet   claims europeans pay swipe mobile.rtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtcity taco truck wins award mobile food vendorsrtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet protestors mobile (video seemingly  questionable force police)rtcity taco truck wins award mobile food vendorsrtknow rights (mobile)  calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan hear now? cellphone service available nyc subway stations mobile & at&t customersrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version(sounds mobile app barrier case) facebook  twitterrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetis laptop  trouble mobile. scared little :(
rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtpbs journo 9 hours jail & civil disobedience charge. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtunconfirmed reports  nypd "getting sick" reporting work.  occupywallstreet  nyunionhey nyc  ll live 4 onwith liz  reporting day  conradmurray trial.   michaeljacksonrtrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hrs jail & charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrtrtnbc york reporting private owners park  occupywallst leave day twortunconfirmed reports  nypd "getting sick" reporting work.  occupywallstreet  nyunionrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nyc.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetnbc york reporting private owners park  occupywallst leave day tworeporting  occupywallst tonightany others?rtrtnbc york reporting private owners park  occupywallst leave day two
rtwho saudi arabia letting women vote? revolution works. violence better.   usdorking abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...king abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...rtsexenio > saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women right...saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women join adviso...rtwomen vote saudi arabia  kingking abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected officertwomen vote saudi arabia  kingking abdullah saudi arabia women vote  drive cars[nyt world] world briefing | middle east  saudi_arabia  female driver sentenced lashingdtn usa saudi king women political role saudi arabia’s king abdullah women ...saudi king women political role saudi arabia’s king abdullah women ...saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women join adviso...rtking abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...women vote saudi arabia  king  viartsaudi arabian woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carrtsaudi arabian woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carnytimes world briefing | middle east saudi arabia trial woman drove saudi lawyer and...   israelrtsaudi arabian woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carlatest news saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women jo...world briefing | middle east saudi arabia  female driver sentenced lashing
did know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogusing twitter trends oh damn   beautiful  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.that trendsmap australia   twitter blocking id site?rt2thingsiknow<    don start stealing top trends?  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertyplaza  ows  occupywallstreetrtthat1friend <    don start stealing top trends?  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertyplaza  ows  occupywallstreetrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.took york times personality test. trendsetter. quizrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rttakewallstreet twitter   trendsmap   occupywallstreet trending world   usdor  unity  p2  topprog  p21rttwitter blocking hashtag  occupywallstreet usa. look trendsmap bit.ly/q7ue0e  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtso "trending" twitter doesn reflect actual trends reflects twitter approves of. manipulation.  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet twitter   trendsmaprtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.


shame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  viartit shame re nyc cops garbage removal.. tight budget..  usdor  usdayofrage  occupywallstreetthe  nypd ashamed actions.  handle peaceful demonstration  they?shame onfor brutality rtnypd silent pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protestersshame  nypd brutality  rtnypd silent pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protestersthis america anymore viral  shame nypd. call 4 immed resignation nypd duty  occupywallstrtshame onfor covering  occupywallstoccupywallstreet womens locked cage pigs nypd. shamerttheis suppose serve & protect  intimidate & harass    shame nypd  protesters peaceful.your voters streets nyc ignoring  shame  occupywallstreet  takeeallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtsave usaron paul deserves publicity   foxnews  msnbc  cnn shame    ronpaul  gop  bieber  obama  love ron paul  occupywallstshameful police action  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  abc  nbc  pbs  nprrtwhy ok  nypd treat  occupywallstreet protestors condemn nations thing?  shamei hope people violated sue shit  nypd. shame youoccupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet slideshow   nypd fail <> shame@ <>   nypdfailrtgreat article social media mexico. shame people silenced reporting truth.shameless   onstar tracks users  driving habits quit service ... chuck schumer angry t...rtas shameful  reporting  occupywallst useful mainstream outlets.rtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreetrtshame onfor covering  occupywallstrtreason media enjoys freedom press cover newsu ashamed  occupywallstreet
sexy move "turkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidisraelis ignorance proudness price paid .what cost saying sorry.and ready comrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidairline turkish paper names  israelis  flotilla raidturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidviaturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidnytimes turkish paper names israelis flotilla raidturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raid
rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycpower people plse share aroundhave mega corporations world  law ? visit  share opinion.rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.organizershares  occupywallst blog postrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.nypd able shoot planes (the sydney morning herald ) share friends  |  | world news   top stories news  rss rss fee...shared message via ubersocialqueens overturned vehicle van wyck expressway near jamaica ave ...://hulkshare.com/istt780do9pg <           downloadrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.could please share followers? nadia mom deported. ny.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.yfrog photo   shared byviartdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtrtnew  occupywallstreet chant "no wealth care  pay fair share"  viartwill share story all. don mind. :)though appear "hippies"  share concerns conservatives...  occupywallstreetrtlove & encouragement  ourwallstreet folks am. pictures  share video  chatter; media  occupywallstreetsarah jessica parker sits worried york mothers share ... parker ple...
rtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto nation   usdor please rtrtrthey nypd 1968 anymore.  camera.  brutality stronger.   occupywallstreetrtwhen filming  nypd brutality chant 1968 “the world watching” .. media job.  occupywallstrtwhen filming  nypd brutality chant 1968 “the world watching” .. media job.  occupywallstwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto nation   usdor please rtnote  occupywallstreet look situationalism paris 1968. thank luck. fuck  nypdrtmtoccupywallstreet teachers union tomorrow. listening majority report  ourwallstreetwhen filming  nypd brutality chant 1968 “the world watching” .. media job.  occupywallstrthey nypd 1968 anymore.  camera.  brutality stronger.   occupywallstreetrthey nypd 1968 anymore.  camera.  brutality stronger.   occupywallstreetrtnytimes smears  occupywallstreet disrupt millionaire auction. day 8 reportrthey nypd 1968 anymore.  camera.  brutality stronger.   occupywallstreetrthey nypd 1968 anymore.  camera.  brutality stronger.   occupywallstreetremembering columbia  1968rtrthey nypd 1968 anymore.  camera.  brutality stronger.   occupywallstreetrtrthey nypd 1968 anymore.  camera.  brutality stronger.   occupywallstreetrtcheck video     occupywallstreet protest/nyc   (september 24  2011) *** fdr edit  viartrt/rthey nypd 1968 anymore. every1 camera. brutality stronger.  occupywallstreethey nypd 1968 anymore.  camera.  brutality stronger.   occupywallstreetrthey nypd 1968 anymore.  camera.  brutality stronger.   occupywallstreetrtrt/rthey nypd 1968 anymore. every1 camera. brutality stronger.  occupywallstreet
rtthis goes incredibly brave rebels america  re plan...rtmtrt 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtrt 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallst brave   re doing spread news story toldrtthis goes incredibly brave rebels america  re planning alread… (cont)rtrtrt message 2 love 2 brave peaceful  occupiers propelled  day 10  occupywallstreeti am proud military bravely told  occupiers  wallstreet defiantly wont   occupywallstreetrtrt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelle… (cont)rtrt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtvery atractive  brave. doesn media attention will. ¡viva la revolución   occupywallstreet  sept17rtrt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtwho  brave  nypd officer cross line liberty plaza suit  occupywallstreet?  internetfamousrtrtrt message 2 love 2 brave peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreet”rtrt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetwho  brave  nypd officer cross line liberty plaza suit  occupywallstreet?  internetfamousrtcritique  don undermine people doing wrong. scorn folks trying brave bold things.  occupywallstthis goes incredibly brave rebels america  re planning alread… (cont)video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertrt message 2 love 2 brave peaceful  occupiers propelled  day 10  occupywallstreetrtwho  brave  nypd officer cross line liberty plaza suit  occupywallstreet?  internetfamous

rthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenychow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtso  terrorist attack involving umbrella haven heard about? hmmmmm?  occupywallstreetrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycthanks  talk about?you protesters wall street. protesting about? tweets mistreated .  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtyou protesters wall street. protesting about? tweets mistreated .  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenyc
rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...rttwitter suppressing  occupywallstreet hashtag deliberately   stop twitterrtyowas  bloomie decided comment 80 arrests yesterday nyc?  occupywallstreet &  occupyallstreetsrtfdl live blog  occupywallstreet day nine  pressing mass arrests yesterday   usdor  takewallstreetrt"the seed revolution repression." woodrow wilson  occupywallstreet  civildisobedience“i heading  occupywallstreet afternoon ” news. thx keeping informed. press passes yet?is associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediadank  wlf express grattitude all. wonderful loving group; bond breakrtformer  nymayor ed koch "obama reelection express" | york daily newsrtobamaadviserswarnedofloandanger solyndra failure bit.ly/op3ibe  takewallstreet  p2  nowthatsprogressive thanks adminrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracyrtoccupywallstreet ths us&the world pass on2our children.press button election day enough.rtawesome jobgood press makes happy    usdorrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age bookmtgetting ready  nycutshurt press conference  nyc today. parents tell real story.rtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression
rtnew mi   solidarity   occupymichigan  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarertplease  please support followtakewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtoccupymichigan facebook too.  occupylansing  occupydetroit  occupywallst   occupyfacebook donate fb pagertoccupywallstreet  occupymichigan official twitter occupymichigan. please follow rt.mitt romney wins michigan straw pollthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll mr. romney won 51 percent vote str...the caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll   politicsrtlive coverage  occupywallstreet  corp media ignores protest  buffettax  p2  sharedsacrifice  michigan  1urtmichigan organizing detroit  lansing. join efforts occupy michigan  occupy wall st.rtrtmitt romney won michigan strawpoll. celebrated true everyman ...no surprise  romney wins michigan straw polli wanna occupy street michigan help spread word  help? :)this  occupywallstreet spreading lot  help start detroit michigan?rtsupport  occupymichigan  occupydetroit  occupylansing     usdor  takewallstreet  occupyamericano surprise  native son mitt romney wins michigan straw poll   york daily newsthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll mr. romney won 51 percent vote str...rtno surprise  romney wins michigan straw pollrtno surprise  romney wins michigan straw pollrtplease  please support followtakewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtplease  please support followtakewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll
rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordrt6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradiohis mom gonna try video tape properly. wait lolawaiting info subway linesrttakewallstreet nypd afraid terrorists wall st.  wait mon.morning work.cool  wait heaer it.rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rtrtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetdonnie walsh indiana  waiting move frank isola donnie walsh spending ti...rt“on baltimore   wait beautiful people   ”  iwilloccupyrt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet dont worry banksters waiting monday  forgive  forget.rtconfirmed  nypd waiting till nightfall action    plz    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtopen eyes  world. don peaceful protestors shut  rt7 cop cars waiting 4 usrt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17rtopen eyes  world. don peaceful protestors shut  rt7 cop cars waiting 4 ustest wait.rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreet
in speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powersaleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...rtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloombergrtresearch confirms suspicions ofthat city infested witches    dousingtimertreally? mtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  usrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrtmtrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning deta… (cont)barclaysssss.. love job     winning   rtrapper jay confirms barclays concertsrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrtsdl leader  jc garrott  confirms police information "lefties" ca… (cont)rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.where  aclu? rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occ… (cont)rtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloombergyahoo confirms heard potential buyers   nytimes.comrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.in speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.
officer stands 2 feet female protesters maces face.  occupywallstdid this?  norm van brocklin’s passing record stands 60rtrtthe  ronpaul army stands people  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet matter th… (cont)on left  people actually newsstands. right"cover"  occupywallstreetrtthe  ronpaul army stands people  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet matter th… (cont)owsnashville begun tonight. nashville tn stands solidarity brothers & sisters   ourwallstreetmissouri permaculture stands solidarity occupy wall street. occupy america coming nation near you.gotham consultant stands trial  bloomberg’s style comes scrutinystands solidarity withtakewallstreetstands protestersand read bios >>covers michael moore  occupywallstreet "uprising" spread   occupyla stands solidarityrtnorm van brocklin’s passing record stands 60you simple message.  understands tell media.  understand collective. simplifyrtnorm van brocklin’s passing record stands 60rtnorm van brocklin’s passing record stands 60iwilloccupy east coast west coast town city councilor oregon stands  libertyplazanytimes norm van brocklin’s passing record stands 60rtnorm van brocklin’s passing record stands 60maris  61  61 stands tall stadium trotted cream yankee royalty yesterday game a...rtnorm van brocklin’s passing record stands 60cnn stands corporate news network. astroturf organization fronting tea party.  p2  occupywallstreet  p21
rtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops home1staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallstrteverybody lost chunks  retirement derivatives speculating rich quick  occupywallstreet.it doesn signature. author enforcer?  nobodyrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetthis isht reads scene law & o_orthudson river @ w.95st  nypd scene w/dead body floater riverrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetmaybe ll  rtrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetwww.puertochan.org supports  occupywallstreet  gritodepuertochan google  fractionalreservebankingflorida woman shot husband  buried body backyard hog pen cops florida woman charged murder this...rt"manhattan hudson river west 95 st nypd scene dead body floater river. harbor enroute body removal.can body chicago mind   occupywallstrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops home
rtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarediebold voting machines hacked $10   takebackamerica  usdor  civilrights  diebold  hackerrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarerthelp  occupywallstreet adopt occupier..donate $10 water  food    takewallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarelook pakistan $100k wired atta. sometimes conspiracy fact.rtrthelp  occupywallstreet adopt occupier..donate $10 water  food    takewallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersshe file criminal charges follow lawsuit $1063 minute   occupywallstreetrtforty seven million americans $10 hour.  usdorrtrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarereal housewives beverly hills  star lisa vanderpump buys $10.2 million beverly hills mansion   nottooshabbycelebrities  athletes raise $10 million paralysis research midtown benefit york (cbsnewyork) – wa...rtrtrtbreaking  media fund surpassed $10 000  12 hrs+ (cont)rtif poor steals $100 dollars hes prison wallstreet steals countrys future bailouts
autofollow sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistannew york times...   ffbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.com  sopranos afghanistan warbrutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesrtin afghanistan  assassination door   nytimes.combrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistanbrutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos af...brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.comus wish russia stuck afghanistan now.“brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s.feed offness brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  [manual offable]feed offness brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  [manual offable]u.s. tax money helps finance war afghanistanbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos t...rtbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s.  afghanistan   pakistanbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  hire folks security gated community.if haqqani family "the sopranos afghanistan war " mean u.s. johnny sack crew?news brutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime...brutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos af...brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan
rttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet ny raised $20k  wow  please helpwith donations  tytakewallstreet  occupywallstreet ny raised $20k  wow  please helpwith donations  tyfinancial committee announced donation (donations?) $20 000. unclear donation culminative.  occupywallstreetrtwrecked wwii british ship carrying $200 million silver england india recovered diversrtwrecked wwii british ship carrying $200 million silver england india recovered diversbuzos encuentran barco britanico hundido en 1941 por nazis. transportaba 240 toneladas de plata ($200million) videotakewallstreet donations reach $20 000 world. securing occupation weeks come.bought copy ofthis morning. costs $5. doesn yr subscription cost $20?  oh cvs charged $6wrecked wwii british ship carrying $200 million silver england india recovered diversrtall eyes east bay rtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsi visited today+saw stuff guys doing. $20 box     occupywallstreetrtnow  solidarity viaconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  ows  occupysydneyrtan historic day line. rt$20m gift line diller   von furstenberg family foundationcolonial bastards. divided b/w 47 formula mtwwii ship $200 mn silver 2 eng indrtrtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  owsrtok consensed.  ows giving $20 000  occupyoakand solidarity. stay strong oaklandrtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetgo phillanthropy  rthistoric day for$20m gift diller/von furstenberg family fndtnrtrtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtok consensed.  ows giving $20 000  occupyoakand solidarity. stay strong oaklandbeauty queen pay $200k scam selling bogus services vulnerable ...
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolihappen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylaplease update soon  terriblertmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreet
america yawns  world wakes up. salute america aware.rtmany awake  asleep  libertypark... spectacle tourists. stop speak w/us...  occupywallstreetrtit nice wake sidewalks heavily lined cops.  libertypark  occupywallstreetrt “judge lawsuit filed utility wake 9/11 "far fetched"  oh wellopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  blackboc  blackbagged. winrtffrtopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  bla...are paying attention?  occupywallst pretty fucking big. wake please. world moving....... you?i awake... tell im spreading "false news"  occupywallstreet  occupytexas  occupyelpasortbritney spears slammed london town  rudeness  filming music video wake riots| "wake corporate sheep  " understand  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  occupywallstplease help word media sources york refusing cover  occupywallstreet help wake americartit time wake sheeple  educate  occupywallstreet  ows  sept17rtno look  happening...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  wakeuphyperinflation beast awaken carelessness  wanton disregard humanity  occupywallstreet  usdor  humanismwatch @ 2:00min  >  <     october2011come people   wake    occupywallstreetrtc mon  nyc  wake     occupywallstreetrtamerica wake     world awakening     usdor  presstorm  usa  tunisia  egypt  spain  bahrain  yemenrtbravo air taylor armstrong marriage therapy sessions wake husband ...   york daily newsrtwhen wake totalitarian time  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorrtrti’m encouraged signs democratic awakening starting place.  occupywallstreet

"it wail st" ny daily news front page     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"it wail st" ny daily news front page    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"it wail st."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtrtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"rtsusan sarandon "it changes top  changes bottom  " live >>rtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"rt"it warms heart here"   michael moore@  occupywallstreetrtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet""rt"it warms heart here"   michael moore@  occupywallstreetrt"it’s biggest obstacles building powerful movement [...] own cynicism & despair."  occupywallstreet herertmichael moore wall street protests "it spread country"  viaoccupywallstreet  usdorrtnow re talkin    ows    > rt"it takes lot courage here."  cornel west  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet"it easier fat fit eye needle rich enter kingdom heaven"  topprog  takewallstreetrtrtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"rtcourage. “one "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"”this "it" waiting for.   occupywallstreetrt"it warms heart here"   michael moore@  occupywallstreet““one "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"””rtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"rtcourage. “one "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"”rt"it warms heart here"   michael moore@  occupywallstreet
rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreet“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthrtrtokay. confirmed thatblocking  occupywallstreet trending    ourwallstreet  cdnpolirtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toortrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtwe met unexpected resistance twitter facebook. confirmed de trended  occupywallstreet.rtunconfirmed reports  nypd "getting sick" reporting work.  occupywallstreet  nyunionrtrtrtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt"2 livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. 3 confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestatert ffokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtunconfirmed reports 100s people arrived overnight  middle aged people  unsure  … (cont)rtunconfirmed reports  nypd "getting sick" reporting work.  occupywallstreet  nyunionrtconfirmed 1 chopper abc news. other?rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtconfirmed  nypd waiting till nightfall action    plz    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt"unconfirmed reports mace "?rtrttwo livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. confirmed arrested.  occupyw
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolistop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousmichael moore live  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtthe invade & win hearts minds people building roads bridges putting locals work.  occupywallstreetnew infrastructure spending necessity bridges  trains airports ... funding fe...ny times art news bridge u.s.a. vs. italy/england zhejiang huamen cup   bridge continue look ...if believe cutting penis makes sex better... ve bridge brooklyn sell  i2"/ smh “manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.”shit crazy rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtal jazeera protesters arrested anti wall street rally   youtube  (v)  occupywallstreet  p2rtrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.sad. rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtrtwe re 150 people magic 1000 confirm block bridge  block bill  (cont)rtrtthere free coach organised  brum toblock bridge  block th… (cont)rtrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.    wahi  inwood  nycrtrtwe re 150 people magic 1000 confirm block bridge  block bill  (cont)smh rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rttolls increase port authority bridges/tunnels   newyorkcityrtbig  loud protest bridge st  heading north broadway.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetfwdstaten island verrazano bridge w/b upper level construction truck involved fire acetylene tanks board. ...rtwe magnify moments rupture passivity & question hierarchies power.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  blockthebridgei standardizing these... rt2014 super bowl logo unveiled; features gw bridge  snowflake t.co/uxxvpogertrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.    wahi  inwood  nyc
rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement."we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights "    occupywallstreetmt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights"   patrick bruner.   occupywallstreet viart"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights"   patrick bruner.   occupywallstreet viart"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall ...rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.ny daily news jobrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " ...rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights"   patrick bruner.   occupywallstreet viart"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.
world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  surveyworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...survey major expansion world’s data centersworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rtworld’s data centers expected grow  surveydr. paul polak invents devices help world’s poorestworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...“a conversation paul r. polak dr. paul polak invents devices help world’s poorest     +1world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...
michael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrtjournalist author chris hedges  speaking  occupywallstreet "the method left reform civil disobedience."  owsrtmyself +down athe speaking 7   alldayallweekrtthanks speaking truthrtmyself +down athe speaking 7   alldayallweekawesome rtgene sharp start revolution film screenin… (cont).thanks speaking ati wish live cant afford travel. rock dr westrtourwallstreet  wiunion speaking rtall required evil succeed silence good.rtnoam chomsky speaking supporting  occupywallstreet  takebackwallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17michael moore speaking  occupywallstreetrtone reasons  occupywallstreet speak ourselves & don corporate owned politicians speakingrtbrooklyn city councilman charles barron speaking occupy wall street "america revolution. power people."rtprofessor cornel west speaking    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet badassrtrtcornell west speaking tonight g.a. 7pm. amy goodmanis here.  takewallstreet  owsprofessor cornel west speaking    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet badassthank protestors speaking loudly there. support 100%.   occupywallstreetrtconconcon winning strategy involves building movement speaking people reality an… (cont)speaking experience huge gun rights supporters  anti obama  ex military socially conse… (cont)rtmyself +down athe speaking 7   alldayallweek
rtthat1friend <    don start stealing top trends?  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertyplaza  ows  occupywallstreetrt    whyikiva  2thingsiknow  that1friend  redhot  occupywallst  ows  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17  occupymn  ourwallst  anonymousrtlocation poll    occupymn  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  occupychicago  that1friendrtthat1friend <    don start stealing top trends?  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertyplaza  ows  occupywallstreetrtstarting talking  takewallstreet &  occupywallstreet top trend hash too. fight censor .  that1friend  2thingsiknowrtawesome video   message democracy plutocracy   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  that1friendrtyou  that1friend hold gun  nypd  cop shot foot  occupywallstreetgoodnight sweet prince...  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyhoustonhouston  tx  texas  austin  dallas  that1friendlocation poll    occupymn  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  occupychicago  that1friendlocation poll    occupymn  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  occupychicago  that1friendlocation poll    occupymn  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  occupychicago  that1friendrtwhen talking  takewallstreet &  ourwallstreet top trend too. try censor us?  that1friendrtwhen talking  takewallstreet &  occupywallstreet top trend hash too. fight censor .  that1friend  2thingsiknowrtstarting talking  takewallstreet &  occupywallstreet top trend hash too. fight censor .  that1friend  2thingsiknowrtthat1friend <    don start stealing top trends?  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertyplaza  ows  occupywallstreetrtthat1friend <    don start stealing top trends?  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertyplaza  ows  occupywallstreetgotta sleep couple hours  till   occupywallst  occupywallstreet  otn  usdor  that1friend2thingsiknow  that1friend liberty <3  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrttwitter  promoted video  ourwallstreet >>   whyikiva  that1friend  quesignificacd  fakesnacks  a99shields  oppulsertstarting talking  takewallstreet &  occupywallstreet top trend hash too. fight censor .  that1friend  2thingsiknowrtstarting talking  takewallstreet &  occupywallstreet top trend hash too. fight censor .  that1friend  2thingsiknow
nypd cop outted pepper spraying protesters —nypd cop outted pepper spraying protesters —new post nypd cop outted pepper spraying protestersrtrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protesters    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  nypdrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protestersrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protestersrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protestersrtfederaljack nypd cop outted pepper spraying protestersnypd cop outted pepper spraying protesters   breakingnews  cop  hacktivists  nypd  pepperrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protesterspost: nypd cop outted pepper spraying protestersrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protesters —rtrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protesters    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  nypdrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protestersrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protestersrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protestersrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protestersrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protesters    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  nypdrtnypd cop outted pepper spraying protesters —nypd cop outted pepper spraying protestersnypd cop outted pepper spraying protesters
rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreert20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17
rtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viartgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtsleep wellrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viartour own jeanne mansfield maced  occupywallst. read account police brutality (plus video)boston red sox continue slide al wild card race  yankees aj burnett ...rtthe footage  occupywallst awful  to_shadow  wearethe99percentrtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetrtawesome jobgood press makes happy    usdorrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetfbi paid $2.1 million reward tipster led boston mobster james whitey bulgerbernanke   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupydallas  occupysf  occupyboston  occupyphilly  occupyminn  endthefed  opesr  usdorsay what? bernanke   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupydallas  occupysf  occupyboston  occupyphilly  endthefed  opesr  usdorrtrt5 banks account 96% $250 trill outstanding derivative expo… (cont)rtclick hashtag  bro  rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.rtthe event 7:30 boston commons near gazebo. please join     occupyboston  usdorrtmrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  usrevolution  globalchange
rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.sheila "well   jamesjoyce broke rules."   joelle zois "battles  censors legendary"rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogetherrtpeople world  occupyamerica   occupywallstreet "we legion forgive forget expect us"rtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"rtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetrthip hop pioneer radio rahim "we don amplifier  amplifiers "  takewallstreet  wearethe99rtpeople arriving  libertyplaza now. chants "welcome home "  takewallstreetrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogetherrtrtspeaks "we people found voice"  occupywallstreet  owspeople world  occupyamerica   occupywallstreet "we legion forgive forget expect us"rtpeople arriving  libertyplaza now. chants "welcome home "  takewallstreetrtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"rt"well   tahrir.  nypd payment.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet"rt"we 99%"  occupywallst  via"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights "    occupywallstreet
rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtcheap solar panels  rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 k…rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ...rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstree...rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ...rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtwelcome america – yahoo censoring emails  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdornypdcanshootdownplanes...  aweapon thatcan bringdn aplane shdnvr aswatteam orpd option&auth2doso shd nvr ncityhands
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarenytimes google doodle honors jim henson friendly monstersjust commuication via facebook friends/and furfriends here. email via cable company secure.rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age bookrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrt"from friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare  occupywallstreetnypd able shoot planes (the sydney morning herald ) share friends  |  | world news   top stories news  rss rss fee...rtrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersbk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  (cont)rtfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertmedia sucks  follow friendsrtweetrtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.rtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyoumy boyfriend "occupy wallstreet" protesters pizza.     needsoftheoccupiersrtrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet
rt10 celebrate banned books week york timessnooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s...rt“if picture future imagine boot stamping human ever.”  george orwell  1984   occupywallstreet  bannedbooksrt"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reportsdanks book marked link re; facebook read later; google track everywhere; searchs; deletesjust commuication via facebook friends/and furfriends here. email via cable company secure.rt"kill messenger" book examines media perpetuated evil |  occupywallstreetrthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age bookwhy facebook  twitter some.rt<<<heads up>>> nyc media equipment seized.  ows crew dualcore 2.4 ghz notebook."  occupywallstreet  usdor  takethesidewalk"let bookworms gnaw entrails" lucretius greenblatt *the swerve*mexico twitter facebook information survivalrtwe met unexpected resistance twitter facebook. confirmed de trended  occupywallstreet.rttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreet“mexico twitter facebook information survival  que fuerte  cierto..."nyt "mexico twitter facebook...."  vía• chekenlo "// recomendacion dein politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...mexico twitter facebook information survivalin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...from panic peace yoga chapter 24 nyt selling author book"learning breathe"rt"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reports
rttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquareautofollow sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistannew york times...   ffpolice arrests morning 20th sep 2011 2  occupywallstreet   nypd  martiallaw  mikebloomberg  corporategreed  owspolice arrests morning 20th sep 2011 1   occupywallstreet   nypd  mikebloomberg  corporategreed  martiallaw  owsrtall  bikenyc invited ride late night/morning  libertysquare provide security  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarertcity wall st. protests continue  arrests morning marchrtmorning ny  people waking ny camping night.    takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morningrttakewallstreet nypd afraid terrorists wall st.  wait mon.morning work.nypd able shoot planes (the sydney morning herald ) share friends  |  | world news   top stories news  rss rss fee...rtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarerttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarertgood morning  anons  happy sunday   fighting fight  occupywallstreet  revolution  anonymousrtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtrtbrooklyn battery tunnel closed morning forrun honor ...poor writing tmi? "the morning cummins williams found hot tub homeowner"occupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morninggreat ground article rtthe  occupywallstreet march morning
rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreeton east village radio tonightinvited hardcore & punk rock listeners attend  occupywallst friday @ 3pm.  nycwow  foxnews informs  occupykansascity   usdor protests planned friday.rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtnice rtfriday  sep 30 critical mass  occupythestreets  nyc  7pm   libertypark  ccrttakewallstreet hv but..can  wallstreet  wait till friday  stay strong  comin busloads:)  sept17rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetbig economic news hudson valley. press conf 10 a.m. friday marist college. contact richk.orgfollowfriday(via)rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtrtwow  foxnews informs  occupykansascity   usdor protests planned friday.rtwow  foxnews informs  occupykansascity   usdor protests planned friday.rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetnot funny white drunk dude walkin highway friday rtmanhattan hudson riverrtwow  foxnews informs  occupykansascity   usdor protests planned friday.
ff  occupywallstreet packagethanks peacertcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtthank   chitownstandup rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupierscarepackage <3rtcan some1 please repost ups store info name package excepted tuesday?rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersnews analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisisfeed offness news analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisis  [manual offable]feed offness news analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisis  [manual offable]rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersgreat article. addedto cable package rtny times story @  nfl red zone channelrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtnews analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisisrtout fukn standing   "care package assembled...standby   needsoftheoccupiers"rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiers
rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaregovernment obviously us. activists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protestersyour activist news source unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl acros...your activist news source nypd spokesman pepper spray  appropriatel...rtactivists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protesters union squareactivistslaughter  headed wall st. updates? subscribe 2   usdor  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetactivists post identity nypd officer activists name personal details ranking...rtexcited activists  occupydenver. thanksfor stopping by. rise  occupywallstreetrtfolks  happened today. enormous  nypd pressure  nonviolent activists wo… (cont)rt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartoccupywallstreet nypd prepares raid  libertysquare   activist leaving bare essentials stream   ows  usdoractivists post identity nypd officer activists name personal details ranking...followdefence & support campaign activists arrested held remand banner dropactivists post identity nypd officerrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartoccupywallstreet nypd prepares raid  libertysquare   activist leaving bare essentials stream   ows  usdor
rtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)i support of.  ? is; change blood? don 99% wil… (cont)rtrtwax poetic bout separation leg  exec  jud powers.  owned fickle disloyal incom… (cont)rtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtdo expect corporate media report folks protestin… (cont)rturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtrtas uniformed public servant  commend  occupywallstreet protesters  nyc… (cont)rtrtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado t… (cont)the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rtrtdogs brazil  viadogs brazil  rentand movin… (cont)the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtrtrtwall street "crime scene  cross" (photos  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet via… (cont)rthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rtrtagain  occupy sacramento help. help organize  please volun… (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> protester changing (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <sage_> doing talking (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <guest10558> hope time (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <> (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <leaningtoronto> wish (cont)
rtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtconsensus met designating shifts throughout night  getting vehicles sleep  occupychirtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viartgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtlet love late night images coming   takewallstreet  occupywallst remind days tahrirrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfalltonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetrtall  bikenyc invited ride late night/morning  libertysquare provide security  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight. occupiers hungry  please help yourself.rtrtmost protesters don sleep  solidarity tweeting night.  occupywallstreetrtmorning ny  people waking ny camping night.    takewallstreetrtrtcornel west speak  occupywallstreet 7 pm tonightwe re packing night  decided leave rare image  occupywallst smiling cop.on east village radio tonightinvited hardcore & punk rock listeners attend  occupywallst friday @ 3pm.  nycit tonight  world news tonight 2 min   nydailynews times slanted.
rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.rtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreet“three rabbis hike 15 miles brooklyn bronx weekly lead synagoguethe day rage   sept17   beginning. tomorrow marks 1 week people occupation wall street...rt"all day  week  occupywallstreet"    chant anymore  usdor  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  antibanksthe future direction  occupywallstreet voted weekendpossibility heavy rain weekend..   :(  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrt. china  india building 4  coal fired power plants week.rtrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtmyself +down athe speaking 7   alldayallweeki   twitter weekend following.  madskillz : )rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentrtwe ve 3 heart balloons re taking  occupywallstreet. getting nyc.  ourwallstreet  wiunionrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtsolidarity  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo www.nyc.ta.netrtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"rtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdori   twitter weekend following.  madskillz : )rtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreeteveryone found bit amusing 8 days ago.   80 protestors arrested  nyc. ponder.  occupywallstsolidarity  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo www.nyc.ta.netrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtenlightened philosopher  cornelwest speaks. solidarity&i live nyc. explanation police force protesters  occupywallstreet  usdorrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtoccupywallstreet makes wash post.    time trip nyc.we ve 3 heart balloons re taking  occupywallstreet. getting nyc.  ourwallstreet  wiunionrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtenlightened philosopher  cornelwest speaks. solidarity&rtsolidarity  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo www.nyc.ta.netrt13% & students ready college careers unacceptable time  fixschoolsnyc.

hey  join  nyc? tell reason  iwilloccupy fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertyowas  bloomie decided comment 80 arrests yesterday nyc?  occupywallstreet &  occupyallstreetsrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrthey  join  nyc? tell reason  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupytakewallstreet...rt????nyc??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????ny?????rtperhaps shouldn stop wall street. occupy corporate media hqs nyc?   connecttheleft  p2  p2b  p21rthey  join  nyc? tell reason  iwilloccupy fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetat time believed real journalism  longer. cover egypt nyc?  occupywallstreet u.rtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrthey  join  nyc? tell reason  iwilloccupy fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreet
rtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursjust reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  readrtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetoccupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usairan religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  franceoccupywallstreet consumer . citizen    justice nd protestoccupywallstreet fucking consumer richs    nd protest justice  usa  takewallstreetrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  foxnews. getting secret.rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustoccupywallstreet  series tv  nypdboosrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nyc1staid4  teargas  justincase go2rtlegal team indicating notice served ambiguous legally dubious.  takewallstreet  sep17
rtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsn3kkid  occupywallst jonimitchell occupies  despite smoker   nsfw  p2  teaparty  tcot  sgpthanks reading thertprattsville journal prattsville tavern forges ahead despite floods ruin nyti.ms/nxk7kertmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrt"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout.  occupywallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?nypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtdespite  nypd efforts  wall street stays occupied  [updated/amended re arrests & eviction notice.]  occupywallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite abuse nypd... remain peaceful. donut   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?antifa.ca  antifa   despite nypd efforts  wall street stays occupieddespite people snapping camera phones  appearing twitter searches... hmm. nae brad pittrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtdespite  nypd efforts  wall street stays occupied  viartnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 via80 arrested financial district protest (  occupywallst ) moves northrtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 via““update police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet””hiker hurt  stranded desert copying  127 hours  north carolina hiker hurt ...rtnortheast farmers warn irene pumpkin shortage   newyorkcity80 arrested financial district protest moves northchina questions 5 south koreans detained near border north (nyt)rtrttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppressionrtrtwoman tried sex reassignment surgerym6 north (sorry couldn resist )occupywallstreet trending world  north americafree north carolina unbelievable nypd officers disciplined throwing football boy  viahmmm  gonna tough time yr :0( “northeast farmers warn irene pumpkin shortage   newjersey”“northeast farmers warn irene pumpkin shortage   newyorkcity” hope pumpkins  :0/rtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 via80 arrested financial district protest moves north   nytimes.com  << blog  occupywallstreetrt80 arrested financial district protest moves north   digg  p2  topprog  occupywallstreet  tcot  tlotrtrtrtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet80  arrested financial district protest moves  north    terror link seen arrest j.f.k.  nytimes
rt"junk food cheaper real food..this plain wrong. isn’t cheaper eat highly processed food"rtfinally food punditry junk food cheapernyt op ed "is junk food cheaper?"  it’s myth chips cheaper broccoli. they’re not.rtnytimes doe loan program  performedrtjunk food isn cheaper.is junk food cheaper?   nytimes.comis junk food cheaper?   nytimes.cominterestinggood article mark bittman  nyt  junk food cheaper?junk food cheaper  mark bittmanis junk food cheaper?rtnytimes junk food cheaper?markis junk food cheaper  grt read  viapls rttweets regardina ny news site lack coverage  occupywallstreet”we demand supreme court overturn ruling giving corporations rights citizens   takewallstreetthe sites name changed gossipjunky.com covering real news wall street protest  occupywallstreetmust read nytimes junk food cheaper? ( takes real understanding change behavior. start here.this  balanced article rtis junk food cheaper?   nytimes.comexcellent article junk food poverty rtrtgreat article nyt "is junk food cheaper?"rtis junk food cheaper?dont mess texas drive thru beer store  checkarticle price junkfood
rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtthank   chitownstandup rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtout fukn standing   "care package assembled...standby   needsoftheoccupiers"rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtout fukn standing   "care package assembled...standby   needsoftheoccupiers"care package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersout fukn standing   "care package assembled...standby   needsoftheoccupiers"rtout fukn standing   "care package assembled...standby   needsoftheoccupiers"thank   chitownstandup rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiers
govs don’t rule world goldman sachs trader  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   p2bbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   antibanks  takebackamerica  usdor  owsbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorrtbbc speechless trader tells truth "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"      takewallstreetrtspiegel share traders more reckless psychopaths  study   usdor  occupywallstreetspeechless  trader "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse "goldman sachs rules world"?? =/   occupywallstreet  cdnpolirtrtwall street trader don’t care "how (cont)   occupywallstreeti swear trader bbc yesterday ve yes team.no  stockholm syndrome  real trader actually forthright. relax  trolling.rtbbc michael jackson story... mention financial terrorist trader b… (cont)*sigh  > trader tells bbc “the collapse coming…and goldman sachs rules world” youtu.be/lqn3amj6ace (viacc)rtbreaking stock trader tells truth   goldman sachs rules world    occupywallstreet  p2rttrader governments rule world  goldman sachs“i swear trader bbc yesterday ve yes team.” haha sweetas alessio rastani  market trader  goldman sachs rule world governments bbc sept 26 2011   occupywallst  wethe video reveals shallow ethics traders consideration money fortune misfortune.  occupywallstreetrtmust watch rtbbc speechless trader tells truth     occupycanada   cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  canpolibbc speechless trader tells truth "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"      takewallstreetrtthe video reveals shallow ethics traders consideration money fortune misfortune.  occupywallstreettrader rumoured yes man. =)
nypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city  police plane  hitechcj  mmotrtoccupywallstreet demand police commissioner raymond w. kelly resigns.rtevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreetwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanks  libertyplazartwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanksrtrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtorganizers demanding resignation nypd police commissioner kelly & arrest som… (cont)nypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city police plane  hitechcjnypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city police plane  hitechcjrtrtrtunhappy w/ nypd response  occupywallstreet?  message police commissioner he… (cont)rtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanksrtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanksrtnypd capability   planes  commissioner byrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowfuckyouraymondkelly police commissioner nypd heard moving fbi this. obviously condone aggressive tactics.  expectusrtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanksc mon. really? “nypd capability   planes  commissioner byrtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywall… (cont)rtsend message ny police commissioner    ourwallstreet  wiunioneuropeanrevolutionsend message ny police commissioner   ourwallstreet  wiunionsend message ny police commissioner    ourwallstreet  wiunion
rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)al jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)sailormoon  sailorv selling manga  congrats   bestsellers  mangartal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)occupywallstreet  day12    salute  solidarity  respect  thanks  libertyplaza  ows  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet sail strong peacefullyrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)cop accidentally fires gun near ‘pan am’ set; bullet sails nearby brooklyn apt. york (cbsnewyork) – ...rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)
rtnypd chasing runaway horse  incident control  horse stopped @ 115th & riverside >only in.. guess happens everywherewonder running. mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse   horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.there home =) lol rtnypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control.rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stoppedrt"we runaway government"  conconcon nick draniasrtquestioner idea runaway convention stops reps matter.   conconcon  usdorfwdmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stopped 115  ...um rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse...incident control horse stopped 115 st & riverside dr.runaway horse?  slow news day eh.rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control ...fb mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse incident control horse stopped 115 st & riverside dri <3 ny rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control th… (cont)ha  love nyc // rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse.manhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.right outside apt bldg...mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse. horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.rtrtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident ...rtnypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stopped 115 st & riverside dr...oh...good. rtrtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident controlrt...oh...good. rtrtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  now...rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse (cont)...oh...good. rtrtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control
rtrtexcessive force nypd sickening.  please stay safe stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtbe safe  civil  persevere & successful imagine & world  watches   takewallstreet  usdor  p2occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> health care  safety net  (cont)rt"fdny keeping  nyc safe. examplehave safe beautiful day loves   occupywallstreet  takewallsteet  ourwallstreet  sept17but "60 minutes (of propaganda)" tells nypd keeping safe hasn shot planes yet.rtworld media summit beijing concluded hosted xinhua. looked "on job safety reporters." ap  nytimes  al jazeera reps.ourwallstreet prayers  positivity  love light   stay strong  stay smart  stay safeplease safe careful blue collar workers. people trying justice wall street.when nadia nazmin safe completed queens townhall / moved out.  homeless  occupywallst lolupdate ppl arrested released safe   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cabincr3w  anonymousrtupdate ppl arrested released safe   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cabincr3w  anonymouspeter vallone jr york city council 22nd district chair councils public safety committee promotes police brutality  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet proud  wallstreet protestors  stay strong safe :)  downwithcorruption  sept17rtgreat article importance bike lanes city safer cyclists pedestrians  bikenyc  biketoworkrtfdny keeping  nyc safe. example  (cont)yay  boy found safe  “missing autistic boy  found reunited parents   autism  asd  wanderingwillow onwith surprising food safety tipsrtnite tweeps.stay safe strong. world place. history evolving. history   ourwallstreet  peacertgreat 21st quest   fuel future? cheap  accessible  sustainable  safe.rtupdate ppl arrested released safe.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cabincr3w  anonymous
rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediahave mega corporations world  law ? visit  share opinion.rt6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradiocalls presidentto send negotiators listen & act  occupywallstreet demands    nypd violenceat bellvue hospital?rtthe world watching nonviolence liberty plaza  viatakewallstreet  sep17rton top  famine   unspeakable violence  viaim bout call  nypd theres kinda violence goin upstairs. ill posted actually respondrtanonymous 3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet  viablog“anonymous 3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet  viablog”noam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblyrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblyrtrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetrtrtcornel west speak  occupywallstreet 7 pm tonightis real  protest means violence expect nypd?     globalrevolution livedaily kos "more evidence police brutality occupy wall street:"  nypd unwarranted violence  occupywallstreetrtrtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtnypd mad? ve  police violence lifted news blackout  occupywallstreetrtcompilation police violence march union square    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetbe careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.rtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersrtthe infamous nypd pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protesters   usdorrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtnyc protesters accuse nypd pepper spraying  roughing  denying food & water  vaseline ing eyeglasses  tauntingrt hand perspective pepper spraying   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spraying innocent women "appropriate" according to?   occupywallstreetrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersshame onfor brutality rtnypd silent pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protestersshame  nypd brutality  rtnypd silent pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protestersnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1photog correct  mace spraying officer name bologna  occupywallstrtnypd spraying women chemical weapons street disrupt peaceful assembly   occupywallstreetnypd violated earlier court settlement penning & spraying women  occupywallstreet.nypd cop outted pepper spraying protesters —rtnypd cop outed pepper spraying women   media black out??rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdpepper spraying confined people?   occupywallstreet
rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesi aware that.  bigger audience though.  msm double edged sword.  occupywallstreetfinally  kill  em friendly poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesnyt fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesarticle day “small fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoes   hebu  fbrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrttimes square "pedestrian plaza" soon fledged pedestrian mall; street life diesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesit simple; catch?  nytimes brewing double edged delicacies mosquitoessmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesis toxic 2 animals bats  birds? rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicac… (cont)rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesnytimes fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoes
rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertconsensus met designating shifts throughout night  getting vehicles sleep  occupychi1staid4  teargas  justincase go2rtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtcannot  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla protests? help? spread news & watch live @rtgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychi"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreet  occupychi  occ ...rtsleep wellrtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychirtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherert“80 indignados detenidos en nueva yorkrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupierseye  occupywallstreet   anonymousoccupylartcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtjobs justice   racism war    presstorm  usdor   usa  occupywallstreet  occupychicago  uk  canada  tunisia
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarert3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetnypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingi remeber tht nypd bluenypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspectrtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viapic  nypd  "freedom fence" 2011 9 24    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvictim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet calls 4 arrest / imprisoment serial abuser  nypd pig bologna  takewallstreet  libertysquarertnypd answermsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "the
rtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor  occupy  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorvrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor /viartsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor rt< >  occupyglobal  globalrevolution  occupyrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtrtoccupywallstreet  save date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor  occupywallstreetrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor  99nyrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor
rtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdor
nyt "not smart cities:"  pegasus holdings build medium size town nm desert populated entirely robots.gray matter smart cities byof nyu rudin center transportation policynot smart citiesourwallstreet prayers  positivity  love light   stay strong  stay smart  stay safe5700 viewers guy talking smart.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  2thingsiknowmillionaire matchmaker  patti stanger offends gays  jews  smart women dumb dating advicertweak attempts disrupt   occupywallstreet communication. don kids smarter them?  ourwallstreetrt"remember founded country unfair taxation."  occupywallstreetsmart folks likelike   occupywallstreet by& dumb people  youll ithelp beautiful troublepatti stanger offends gays  jews  smart women  trainwreck?rtsusan hochbaum book pastry paris smart  witty  fabulously beautiful gem wait til pixagreesdrugmakers progress biosimilars u.s. market   pharma  biosimilar  biotech [via smartbrief]i pretty anime kino journey smart citiesrtnypd reportedly targeting document  occupywallstreet protests using cameras & smartphoneshow network help deliver citizen services? howis doing   smart+connected  mtaonthegohow network help deliver citizen services? howis doing   smartconnected  mtaonthegohow network help deliver citizen services? howis doing   smartconnectedrtsmart  argued nytimes op ed advocating  crowdfunding reform   crowdsourcingthe smartest cities embrace openness  randomness & serendipity nyt  viarthelp beautiful trouble
rtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rt. china  india building 4  coal fired power plants week.rtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rtplans attend  occupywallstreet week. awesome   takewallstreet  ourwallstreeti boston  ll join week.rtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>find anti capitalism protest ridiculous.if kids jobs wouldn able protest week.nypd live yourselves? rookie cops defending devil 600 week. mothers proud?  doubtful  disgracefulno  tweet week.  please careful.  nypd  takewallstreetno confirm counter terror  wouldn surprise me. week.tell it. chomping bit am seriously considering trip week.i coming week. rtwhat  rave?heyandbetter leaving.  coming week.  teamoccupyyourmomjust fine thanks.  heading nyc week.  occupywallstreetbahrainians continue protests continue attacked week.  see"...the "occupy wall street" protest entering week..."  viaoccupywallstreet  sept17  nycrtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>wtf   foot fettish  quote week.."he chop feet  suck toes bled death."rt gangs chilling inside brooklyn playgrounds. easily found parks gang bangers week.rtwall street protest tribe  soon enter 2nd week. alone. join you. world watching.  ourwallstreet
rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetflood victims getting fed congress mr. golembeski offered sardonic fight brought...rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetglad brought up. am concerned nypd ability shoot planes???rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreethelp  occupywallstreet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool. ride   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...rtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ridertiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...rtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ...rtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride ...rtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotest


rtarizona & michael moore’s answer  occupywallstreet    deportwallstreet   ndnz  tucprog  ows  decolonizewallstreet

rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt?? ????? ?????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?????? ????  viartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet???????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? arrests peaceful  occupywallstreet  protesters continue. don   ourwallstreetrt????  ????  occupywallstreet ? ???? ?????? ????? ???? ??? ???????  viartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet????? ?????? ?? ????????? ?????rt????? ?????? ????? ?? ??????? ?????rt????? ?????? ????? ?? ??????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ????? ?? ?? ??????. ??? ? ?? ??????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ??????? ?????? ????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ????? ????????? ((( ?????? ???????? ?? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????? ??? ?????? ??? ? ??? ?????????? ??? ? ??????? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallstrttwitterswarm   media contact sheet call demand cover  occupywallstreet  =  p21  p2  news  lgbti admire urging people contact senators protesting streets  occupywallstrt"from friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreetrtyo  liberty plaza wanna skype video chat somehow... happen   contact?   usdorrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz r… (cont)rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarert"from friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare
rtrtpoverty america  //  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  owscome longview texas   occupylongviewtx join usrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtanyone willing background  occupythenation twitter. originality occasion.  occupywallst  ows  otn  usdorrtplease send times locations events listed   ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdoroccupywallstreet  occupythenationcarepackage <3rtrt proud americart help banners websites. able donate little time help?  occupywallst  occupythenationrtrtkeep date  occupywallst   otnrtplease "occupy nation" fb   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  otn  usdorrtmichael moore talking abouton  cnn   ourwallstreet  occupywallstr  pccupychicago  occupythenationff 5rt… (cont)rtplease send times locations events listed   ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrteasy join  using fb couple clicks. "like" fb updates   occupywallstreet  otn  usdorrtwelcomeourwallstreet  cdnpolirtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtoccupyportland flyer qr codertneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdor
rtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtamy goodman ofjust interviewed nathan. interviewed. don ...rtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtrtamy goodman ofjust interviewed nathan. interviewed. don ...rtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdor
rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtthere win battles confrontation... waiting forto dm way...rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?mtnypd justified by. nyt >>   occupywallstreet "confrontations (?) police & protesters"rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?can nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?can nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?  fuck policertcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?can nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?can nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?“nj police shoot kill suspect confrontation brunswick   seriously?is  occupywallstreet heading 4 1969 stonewall riot esque confrontation nypd? takes voices heard?
nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...reading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census reading  struggling city 88 000  country’s lar...rtthe fall  aipac spokesman?  ..  usdor  occupywallstreet  banksters  nwo  tcot  teapar...reading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census reading  struggling city 88 000  country’s lar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...oh  dear... caucus speech  chris christie revels pleas runwww.florida vip.com florida woman shot husband  buried body backyard hog pen cops florida woman char...nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...a listener sent  priceless.  sharp 101 woman drives cherished 81 year...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...
rtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nyc
rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtrtoccupywallstreet video net fast possible. people do… (cont)rtspread word starting homeless unemployed tent city close wallstreet possible.  occupywallstreetrtbe self sufficient possible. eases burdens whole.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtbe self sufficient possible. eases burdens whole.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>be self sufficient possible. eases burdens whole.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet video net fast possible. people do… (cont)rtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows
wall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...rtrtoccupywallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march  viavote pollrtwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march    occupywallstreet  owswall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   ows  antibanksrtfreedom  usa "wallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   occupywallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march  =  occupywallstreet  anonymouswall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march      babyboomers  revolution  wethepeoplertwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   p2rtwall street protesters(libtards) cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   tcot  p2  occupywallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtrtsusan sarandon  occupywallstreet "there lot people rightfully upset inequality economically"welcome police   rtwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchwall street protesters(libtards) cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   tcot  p2  occupywallstreetrtwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march  via
rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjust“california mom accused sex son hockey teammates  holy molyrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustteammom  milf lmao rtcalifornia mom accused sex son hockey teammatesrti passed flyers  riverside  california today.  here.   occupywallstreet  occupyla  mediablackoutlove support california...the time   maythejuicebewithyouas california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustmuch love californiartwe re laguna beach  californiartthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjust"the bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtrti passed flyers  riverside  california today.  here.   occupywallstreet  occupylacalifornia    emulating  ourwallstreetrt smhcalifornia mom accused sex son hockey teammates (cont)wow..."controversial cupcakes heating affirmative action debate california schoollessons fire stricken texas australia  (from) & california  (statesman)rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjust
govs don’t rule world goldman sachs trader  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   p2rtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarert.in 2010 goldman sachs bankers received $15.3 billion bonuses  feed hungry person planet.  occupywallstreetrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquareinvestor "the governments rule world  goldman sachs rules world"   occupyamerica  takewallstreet  usdorrtbbc speechless trader tells truth "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"      takewallstreetrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolibreak goldman sachs petition @    occupywallstreet  democracy  icumi  justice    owsrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertso now... obvious goldman rules world  conspiracy theorist now? lol  cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  canpoli  cndpolirtoccupying  rioting  wall street   occupygoldmansachs  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtone view nypd | the..omg   occupywallstreet   ve located bradley manning  locked goldman sachs  bank vault. leavenworth. whatever.rtsteampunk emma goldman () arrested  occupywallstreet.rtmayor michael bloomberg ties goldman sachs  wall street crooks.   ourwallstreet  p2  gop  takebackwallstreetspeechless  trader "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs looking lay 1 000 workers......directly   1u  occupywallstreet  usdor
rtoccupywallstreet orange nets  fun play little game tug  war nypd  strongerbehind oversize purple&orange sunnies  msassouline explained  "there optimism paris.”occupywallstreet plastic cuffs feel? looked barnyard herding sheep orange meshgotta love plastic zipcuffs & orange mesh herding barnyard animals police vans  occupywallstreet"caught camera 4 bears hang  orangecounty tree   middletownnypd following march orange fence. peaceful far.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet orange nets  fun play little game tug  war nypd  strongerfuck that. rtthe orange net park  stay strong stay  expect arrests    occup… (cont)rtok  identify cop orange windbreaker??? quickly becoming ...orangewindbreaker provacateur. mthe main detective ...thesure hell won talking provocateur today.   orangewindbreaker  occupywallstreetrtnypd following march orange fence. peaceful far.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdear nypd please following orange net pen & mace aig  bank american  lehman bros  goldman sachs...  occupywallstreetrtcops unrolling orange nets broadway mass arrests.  libertyplaza  occupywallstthe orange nets police drive squad cars liberty park.  occupywallstreetrtnypd following march orange fence. peaceful far.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd following march orange fence. peaceful far.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthesure hell won talking provocateur today.   orangewindbreaker  occupywallstreetliving | south orange  n.j. love orange — living | south orange  n.j.rtcops unrolling orange nets broadway mass arrests.  libertyplaza  occupywallst viartso  instigators seen  occupywallstreet nypd. worst offender orange jacketed officer


rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchin“nypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreet” wtf?“where located drop supplies?  occupydenver  occupywallstreet”rtsome photos pbs correspondent arrested march  nypd  occupywallstreet”rt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rt“frightening.  mainstream coverage  occupywallstreet” mainstream media bed wall st. twitter too. $ rulesrt“ women wallstreet  occupywallstreet”this video worth watching admire women“"all movements start people"    michael moore  occupywallstreet”rt“remember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreet”rtrt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rtrt“inspiring speech  generalassembly "this america. america"  occupywallstreet”pls rttweets regardina ny news site lack coverage  occupywallstreet”“all streets belong  occupywallstreet”rt“ front page    occupywallstreet”rt“100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreet” wow :drt ““the innocent arrests nypd makes  bigger ll grow  occupywallstreet”rt”rt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreet”rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchin“your posting tips nightlife establishment staff? talk priorities.  occupywallstreet”rt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rtrtrt“it getting tense.  peaceful  peaceful  peaceful  occupywallstreet”
rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtfdl live blog  occupywallstreet day nine  pressing mass arrests yesterday   usdor  takewallstreetphotoblog  protesters march  manhattan  criticizing  wallstreet      egypt tahrir ourwallstreet nj nyc ny gcc usdorrttrust citizen media  followrtweetrtanonymous 3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet  viablog“anonymous 3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet  viablog”aclu blog nyclu scene wall street protests   usdor  occupywallstreet  civilrights  takebackamerica  owsnyt dotearth blog lessons fire stricken texasrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetorganizershares  occupywallst blog posti call monday discuss/update  occupywallstreet  ... assist?looking spokesperson speak  occupywallstreeteverywhere ... help please?u avail 2 hrs..for 10 15 mins???   occupywallstnycrtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetblogger reveals identity occupy wall street nypd senior responsible macing crowd  viawsusmrtrtoccupywallstreet  rtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300   ar… (cont)rtrtrtthe power people people power  solidarity  ows  occupywallstreet"rtmtrt 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrttrust citizen media  followrtweetin transit blog designblok  design comes prague
msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "theamerican police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnellrtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtnew pinac post msnbc lawrence donnell criticizes nypd cops aggressors  occupywallstreet“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”rtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtlawrence donnell  nypd brutality  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet "troublemakers wearing badges."msnbc lawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’  occupywallstreet   p2  nypdrtlawrence donnell police brutality occupy wall street   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’ | raw replay  viausdor strongrtwow.. amazing  gotta re post this.o donnell word msnbc   takewallstreetrtlawrence donnell  nypd brutality  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet "troublemakers wearing badges."rtmsnbc comments despicable nypd police brutality occupy wall st. lawrence donnell...why doandodonnell cover  occupywallst. sold souls wall street.  shameful  nasaringtones?  trump?rtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’  rtoccupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’ | raw replay  viausdor strongnew pinac post msnbc lawrence donnell criticizes nypd cops aggressors  occupywallstreetcheck video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall st. lawrence donnell...  viartlawrence donnell police brutality occupy wall street   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’   occupywallstreetrton msnbco donnell decries  nypd "brutality" protesters. video   occupywallstreet

happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksbanks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreettax payer bailout banks "too fail" 99% austerity  bankster criminal arrests  reason  occupywallstreetis  oppaparazzi underway? don armed guardians banksters (  nypd)  bully w/o video evidence it.  occupywallstreetrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksrtrt"when 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectacle" banksters protected dc & msmy nyc  september17th  boys   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  bofa  banks  agosprotesters arrested anti wall street rally dlvr.it/mwyyr  occupywallstreet  libertysquare  takewallstreet  antibanks85 arrested  occupywallstreet protest   takewallstreet  ows  antibanks  libertysquare  antiwarnice article   occupywallstreet  antibanks  takewallstreet  ows  libertysquarechant on? tomorrow  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  antibanksprotestors arrested  ows via  occupywallstreet  antibanks  antiwar  libertysquareflood nypd w/ calls em busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  libertyplaza  antiwar  antibankswall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   ows  antibankswrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanks  libertyplazaamazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  libertyplaza  occupywallstreet  antibanksunbelievable protest footage  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreet  libertyplaza  antibanks  corpgreed9/24/2011 marisa holmes forcefully arrested  occupywallstreet   takebackamerica  nypd  antibanks  corporategreed
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers space close  libertyplaza store rains. bag check system suave.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtthere  occupywallstreet story brutal arrests. press look closer.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetgirl maced cop (close up) @  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  nbc  abcrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersothers trouble donating?  occupywallst livestream via paypal? denied.  alternative? closed minerttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtbrooklyn battery tunnel closed morning forrun honor ...rtspread word starting homeless unemployed tent city close wallstreet possible.  occupywallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtwall st protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march   (looks happened closer union sq)i  occupywallstreet purpose is. mention forecloser fraud.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtwall st protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march   (looks happened closer union sq)
omc yikes  confidential; am rid gmail; apparently formhongkong trying break indank  wlf express grattitude all. wonderful loving group; bond breakrtnypd morphing military nypd claims passenger plane event terro...i <3 twitter breaks 3rd shift @ :) rtal...breaks heart watch  jameyrodemeyer story on. imp spread  itgetsbetterspeculators legal break washington clueless;breaking "a lot"  nypd racistrt  takewallstreet  breakingnewsanonymous  occupywallstreet  occupyatlanta 100 arrestedyes    rtrtbreaking   stay execution  troydavisrti <3 twitter breaks 3rd shift @ :) rtal...rtremember breath deep; takin  break edits & phonecalls few..what breakdown terms payouts re city agencies incidents?rtlive tweets breaking stories people liberty square.   ourwallstreet   twazzupyep  crying. statement heartbreaking.breaking americans choose president based own interests. rtletter washingtonrtcity water main break central park west shuts subway linesrtbreaking news 96 arrests  1000s occupy wall streeters fill union sq  day 8    examineris water main break bad affect stations past tonight?rtpearson education wins tax breaks moving jobs york metropolitanrtbreaking evil nyc cops spraying lethal dozes febreeze hippies    usdayofrage  p2  occupywallstrtpeople  believe finally breaking censorship media  occupywallstreet
rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.even former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.

occupywallst difference tunisian police dictature nd york police :nothing protecting richsrtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2rtnypd obey constitution. disregard superiors protecting special wall street.  occupywallstreetrtrt"when 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectacle" banksters protected dc & msminjured players tony romo  michael vick protected themselvesoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> major changes protect people corporationsrtthree arrested trying protect belongings tarps. nypd unnecessary roughness.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet vid 2 folrtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2rttheis suppose serve & protect  intimidate & harass    shame nypd  protesters peaceful.rtgot press protection curiosity locals you. msm little show.rtdear police officers  please protect citizens ones fight   usdor  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstree  ows  sep17  usdor solidarity saying protection prayers peeps   fromrtnypdserveprotecttweet demand  constitutionalconvention complaints nypd.  ...rt“we live world 1% protected served.”   occupywallstreetbeing refused burger king food prolly 1 cld happen.  longlife  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet protectedrtthe amendment adopted protect rights.  tcot  tlot  sgp  p2  nra  occupywallstreet  teaparty  opesr  nwo  anonymous0ccupywallstreet  nypd protecting?  protecting?  protecting?  protecting?  you…rtcops protecting wallstreet  protestors  usdor  sept17  takewallstreetrt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rtoccupywallstreet  deal 100s ppl sleep nightly protect fort?  cspanwj  p2  tcot  tlotrtdear police officers  please protect citizens ones fight   usdor  occupywallstreet
pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanscarlotta gall reports pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanspakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrta sign toxic pakistan relationship   nyt pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansint nyt pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtrttiming everything. rtpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansexcitingads  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans details ambush…rtcarlotta gall reports  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansnytimes pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanspakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansdigging hatchet nyt pins rogue soldier act  pakistanis  |carlotta gall reports  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanstell pakistan ally?   pakistanis tied border ambush americansrtrttiming everything. rtpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanspakistanis tied  07 border ambush americans kept quiet it...gee  surprisertcarlotta gall reports  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanspakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans    nyt | viapakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans. time pakistan clean.rtpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans   astonishing reporting carlotta gall nytasif ali zardari nytimes pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans details ambush indicate american officials w...  nyt
pepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rt official mailing list sign available. updates mailed directly   takewallstreet  takemn  owsrt official mailing list sign available. updates mailed directly   takewallstreet  takemn  owsrtcan hear now? cellphone service available nyc subway stations mobile & at&t customersrt official mailing list sign available. updates mailed directly   takewallstreet  takemn  owscellphone service available handful underground subway stations; 30 ... pete donohue cellphone ser...cellphone service available handful underground subway stations; 30 ...personal security available teachers & students @cellphone service available subway stationsrtcellphone service available nyc subway stations mobile & at&t customersrtrtsome phone service available subway stops   newyorkcitymy pleasure. staff available interview week?rtfree  iphone police scanner app       nypd stations available  occupywallstreet  ows  anonymous please retweetregistration 2nd annual hospital fire safety conference availablertcan hear now? cellphone service available nyc subway stations mobile & at&t customersrtcan hear now? cellphone service available nyc subway stations mobile & at&t customersrtfree  iphone police scanner app       nypd stations available  occupywallstreet  ows  anonymous please retweetlooking interview live withtonight  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet protester. dm availablecellphone service available handful underground subway stations; 30 ... pete donohue cellphone ser...rtcan hear now? cellphone service available nyc subway stations mobile ...nice cant wait robbed rtsome phone service available subway stops   newyorkcityrtfree  iphone police scanner app       nypd stations available  occupywallstreet  ows  anonymous please retweet
autofollow sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistannew york times...   ffrtthe storm hit australia   change coming  alonenypd able shoot planes (the sydney morning herald ) share friends  |  | world news   top stories news  rss rss fee...rtny daily news report favorable protesters.   occupywallstreet  sweden  amsterdam  sydney  australia  melbournertthe storm hit australia   change coming  alonertthe storm hit australia   change coming  alonertny daily news report favorable protesters.   occupywallstreet  sweden  amsterdam  sydney  australia  melbournebrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime...rtrtrtoccupyvancouver 1st meeting tomorrow cafe deux soleils 20… (cont)occupywallst wow.  time u.k. canada weigh in.  owsbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani...   newsrtread proposed  occupysydney framework  missing leadership   occupywallst13 finance sector tells"read proposed  occupysydney framework  missing leadership   occupywallsti supportingpersonally solidarity w& 99%    occupysydney banks screwing1_9 theres now& ve jumped aboard  occupysydneysurprised ??rtlove prayers.  beautiful encouragedbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime...rtfollowfor  occupysydney events  occupywallstrtthe storm hit australia   change coming  alonebrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime...
rtit sounds celebrities  occupywallstreet  occupywallstnyc  occupyeverywhere add clout.rtit sounds celebrities  occupywallstreet  occupywallstnyc  occupyeverywhere add clout.rtit sounds celebrities  occupywallstreet  occupywallstnyc  occupyeverywhere add clout.it sounds celebrities  occupywallstreet  occupywallstnyc  occupyeverywhere add clout.i.t. departments lose clout phone choicessocial media news site gains clout mr. cashmore  soft spoken chief executive mashable  b...mashable  blog  gains clout social mediasocial media news site gains cloutmashable  blog  gains clout social mediamashable  blog  gains clout social mediamashable  blog  gains clout social mediamashable  blog  gains clout social mediaawesome coverage themashable  blog  gains clout social mediasocial media news site gains clout mr. cashmore  soft spoken chief executive mashable  b...social media news site gains cloutsocial media news site gains clout   insocial media news site gains clout “it acceleration global conversation mashable...social media news site gains clout mr. cashmore  soft spoken chief executive mashable  b...social media news site gains clout jennifer preston pete cashmore acknowledged nervous. ye...mashable  blog  gains clout social mediavia:mashable  blog  gains clout social media
the price cheap  food | disinformation  /nytimesthe media finally  occupywallst coverage.  unfortunately coverage biased misinformation.   thanksmediamexico twitter facebook information survival“mexico twitter facebook information survival  que fuerte  cierto...mexico twitter facebook information survivalrtmexico twitter facebook information survivalrtessential read by. nytimes mexico social media information survivalmexico twitter facebook information survival   nytimes.comrtrtnytimes mexico social media information & survival  < repression labelled  koreacruzrtoccupywallstreet livestreamarchaeon spread unsubstantiated rumors. disinformation tool.art hair styles creative concepts hair salon saegertown   (814) 763 1551 information on...art hair styles lovato hair salon phoenix   (602) 274 3675 information lovato ha...rtmexico twitter facebook information survivalrtmexico twitter facebook information survival (nytimes)rtmexico twitter facebook information survivalrt rtnytimes information? scan  ccrtnyti...mexico social media information survival   (via)rtrtsdl leader  jc garrott  confirms police information "lefties" ca… (cont)rtcorporations engage misinformation campaign    poetweet  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  sep17  wimexico twitter facebook information survivalrtmexico twitter facebook information survival
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetmn 8 av & 125 st. building collapse w/ victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ems req scene rush. 2 nypd rpt inj. /flood victims getting fed congress darlene swithers pennsylvania resident home severely ...rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtfirst survivor  sextrafficking prostitution convictions dropped. victims criminalsrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetflood victims getting fed congress ms. swithers congress set spending priorities  s...flood victims getting fed congress mr. golembeski offered sardonic fight brought...rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  (cont)camden financial aid victims summer warehouse fires camden  nj (cbsnewyork/ap) — camden fam...rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtmanhattan:8 ave & west125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd esu & ems requested scene rushrtmanhattan:8 ave & 125st workers accounted for.esu k9 searching additional victims.incident remainsdwhrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetwoaa  rtrtmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly ...
rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtdn editorial "[w]hatever technicalities  aqueduct mocks spirit constitution."rtoccupywallstreet please livestreaming. allows truth   propaganda  people provoking  nypdbook review   geeks inherit earth   alexandra robbins   nytimes.comrtpingmtthe twitter spam ofis keeping  occupywallstreet trending   dos technique?rtnypdserveprotecttweet demand  constitutionalconvention complaints nypd.  ...rta sock puppet troll account bashing  occupywallstreet  hope banksters pay wellrtoccupywallstreet please livestreaming. allows truth   propaganda  people provoking  nypdrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtourwallstreet cell phone battery holding up? mad bro?rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtnypdthankyou rtgood  severe police brutality women  takewallstreet nyc ye...rtnypdthankyou “it 1% change egypt  takewallstreet”rtoccupywallstreet please livestreaming. allows truth   propaganda  people provoking  nypdrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiers"interesting. twitter spam ofis keeping  occupywallstreet trending? true dos technique."rtthis story broken gotham gazette. account

rtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquareand nyc doorman is...rt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17rtbill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentrtmt"if gun  rob bank  bank  rob everyone." bill maher   occupywallstreetrt.in 2010 goldman sachs bankers received $15.3 billion bonuses  feed hungry person planet.  occupywallstreetart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponyou 1/4 followers  rubio party message 4 important.   occupywallstreet  noh8  p2rtthis happening.   grassrootsbillboard  graffiti  occupywallstreet.nyt ubs chief executive oswald j. grübel resigned  "rogue trading" scandal cost swiss bank $2.3 billion.rttea partiers funded billionaires interrupt "town halls"? media wall wall coverage. grassroots protest  occupywallstreet? silencertyou don cause  win   stand children starve billionaires thrive  ourwallstreetwhile billionaires thrive  rest struggle survive.  takewallstreetbill max keiser gold left fort knox  segment fractional reserve currency &  ows  sept17rtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgreat read fromon billy beane moneyballrtget billy bragg natalie merchant sing loud.   boyz ???rthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtgreat read... rtfor billy beane  winning isn’tclinton obama tax plan speech albany   former president bill clinton declared stirring speech ...
rtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.private jet industry "about third flights empty"rtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetman stabs roommate machete  lights self fire cops bonkers bronx machete stabbed hous...rtoccupywallst brave   re doing spread news story toldrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrthey nypd shut lights? twitpic   occupywallstreet  newtacticmunich exhibition highlights carlo mollino   nytimes.comman stabs roommate machete  lights self fire copsman stabs roommate machete  lights self fire cops bonkers bronx machete stabbed hous...rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrtman stabs roommate machete  lights self fire copsrtcan  swag rtman stabs roommate machete  lights self fire copsrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertyparkrtman stabs roommate machete  lights self fire copsrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetdesign munich exhibition highlights carlo mollino exhibition munich brings alive italia...
rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtlots women released  snacking sandwiches  cookies  cheese & fruit plates courtesy nyc iww  occupywallstreetrtlive coverage: occupywallstreet  80 arrested released returning liberation square   ourwallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtpeople arrested earlier released  returning  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloombergrtcops yesterday released summons. wasnt catch & release   takewallstreet  owsrtreally? mtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  usrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17update ppl arrested released safe   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cabincr3w  anonymousrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtcops yesterday released summons. wasnt catch & release   takewallstreet  owsrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtupdate ppl arrested released safe   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cabincr3w  anonymousrtrtmtrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning deta… (cont)rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.
occupy wall st s24 police riot | common dreams   occupywallst  occupyus  citizenradiortmy response theterrible  occupywallstreet coverage   takewallstreet  p2rtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11   p2  takewallstreetrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtthank continualupdates. anxiety amongst us. stand beacon.rtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11   p2  takewallstreetrtnew  citizenradio cop pepper sprays protesters  chris hedges  occupywallstreet   bologna  takewallstreet  p2  tpotrtnew  citizenradio citizen radio occupied  occupywallstreet interviews  700 arrested   ows  takewallstreet  p2rtnew  citizenradio cop pepper sprays protesters  chris hedges  occupywallstreet   bologna  takewallstreet  p2  tpotrtnew  citizenradio citizen radio occupied  occupywallstreet interviews  700 arrested   ows  takewallstreet  p2
rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtrtbreakingnews:nyc trans union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers movement builds.whos next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?
rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   nee… (cont)rtcity cardozo  city top lawyer  details payouts $561 million lawsuitsthe tie dye party  takewallstreet "protest" wearing suits calling prosecution ratings agencies rico.rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet atty  looks guys standing hundreds lawsuits nyc.just remember little fellas space suits glowing fingers probably aren satellitertmiss this? net neutrality rules published  lawsuits soon follow   tpcrtsome guys suits &  nypd thru handing paper notices shutting  occup… (cont)rt"notice" strangers suits w.  nypd. signed=irrelevanttwo civil suits.  blankfein  goldmansachsrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetoccupywallst   beaten officer bologna suggest filing civil lawsuits it.rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtit  nypd deep pockets lawsuits transpire days.oh wait  tax money alsortanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetpile civil lawsuits anthony v. bologna &  nypd fail act discipline  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtpile civil lawsuits anthony v. bologna &  nypd fail act discipline  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet
rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtrapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abuses...what west defend is?   occupywallstreet  ows  sept17rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtknow rights (mobile)  calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtmember legal team wife birthday. spent defending us. send cake tomorrow?  needsoftheoccupierscan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtjust media team legal team. tons legal issues defend ourselves.nypd defends arresting wall street protesters weari...rtcity bloomberg defends livery cab proposalrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtknow rights (mobile)  calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetdefends video parody welfare abuses (i wasn aware otherwise)   tcot  teaparty  p2  tlot?? rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us....video ripped conservatives  rapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abusesrtmore arrests nyc  movement growing   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  wiunionrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreet
rthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age bookrtpeaceful female protestors penned maced    occupywallstreetbaobab touted nextsuperfood african fruit fromtree life ... household name  a...president obama honor 1985 chicago bears white house ... super bowl shuffle coming whit...stop trying ignore    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17so gop claim 47% households pay federal taxes basically bullshitrtsupport  anonymous  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  globalrevolution  sept17  tomalabolsa  oplighthousertsupport  anonymous  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  globalrevolution  sept17  tomalabolsa  oplighthousertsupport  anonymous  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  globalrevolution  sept17  tomalabolsa  oplighthousertsupport  anonymous  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  globalrevolution  sept17  tomalabolsa  oplighthousertto support  anonymous  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  globalrevolution  sept17  tomalabolsa  oplighthousertrtcustomers angry  amazon warehouse worker conditions    p2 // boycottingrtrt  iwilloccupy .. now. streets & ne help orassistance please contact mertrtrtyeeeeeeeeeeeeeoooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwlllllllllllllll  wlf  justice  troydavisrt"the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips.there apetition 2 recognize men& women occupying wall streetobama regognise  occupywallstreetwhite house petition passed   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetwhy american dream debt house  happiness apartment?  occupywallstreet  moneyismiseryrtwhitehouse petition recognize  occupywallstreetoh  house rtnice rthudson river west 95 st nypd scene ... (more)invite party clubhouse 9/24   baseball art james fiorentino.
rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursrtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.this  njtransit  news tweet 2 1/2 hours latertrtpbs journo 9 hours jail & civil disobedience charge. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreethiker hurt  stranded desert copying  127 hours  north carolina hiker hurt ...rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgot word w/ cellphone ziptied (for 4 hrs) 12 person van 20 others.. held 7 cell hoursrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdor
rtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrt“hundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet  solidarityrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtrtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrti doctor appointment monday greenlight.than tuesday day afteryes  fucking  policestate. rtpeople congregated discuss own plight. i… (cont)fantastic :) rti doctor appointment monday greenlight.th… (cont)hundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtwhile police van:"i phone call united airlines cancel flight."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet“hundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet  solidarityrtyes  fucking  policestate. rtpeople congregated discuss own plight. i… (cont)rtwhile police van:"i phone call united airlines cancel flight."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedrti doctor appointment monday greenlight.than tuesday day afterrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrti doctor appointment monday greenlight.than tuesday day afterrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet"woman birth philippines san francisco flight. meet little kevin
rtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreet  cdnpolirtjp morgan purchases 10% stake in& nypd $4.6m  occupywallstreetrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtred flag rtjpmorgan donates $4.6mil nypd. date n/a appears google search 4days ago. kelly ...rtcorp. "responsibility"  jpmorgan donated $4.6m nypd fund 2010    occupywallstreetrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtred flag rtjpmorgan donates $4.6mil nypd. date n/a appears google search 4days ago. kelly ...rtyou buy civil power donuts $4.6m j.p. morgan chase   usdor  nypdnypd??occupy wall street????$1.9m???...????????jp morgan??$4.6m???????????rt@  occupywallst  jp morgan chase bank $4.6mil donation nypd. case..rtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.rtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtjp morgan chase recent "donation" $4.6m nypd largest ve received  occupywallstreet  viartrtif nypd $4.6m arrest us? jpmorgan. [jp  occupy cause call indictments ]you buy civil power donuts $4.6m j.p. morgan chase   usdor  nypdrtyou buy civil power donuts $4.6m j.p. morgan chase   usdor  nypd
chris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdor“occupywallstreet   " mechanism reform  civil disobedience" chris hedges.”october2011  chris hedges   occupywallstreet  oct6  usdor  stopthemach2011  yeswecamp  owsoctober2011  chris hedges:why   occupywallstreet  usdor  oct6  antibanks  sep17chris hedges   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismrtjournalist author chris hedges  speaking  occupywallstreet "the method left reform civil disobedience."  ows>>> interview chris hedges <<<   please watch <<<      ourwallstreet  ows  takebackwallstreetrthedges "power elite define whatever failure."   occupywallstreet  usdorrtwatch (video) chris hedges power elite “very  frightened"   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"not resist  succumb despair."   chris hedges  occupywallstreet  usdor  protestthank telling people  truth  wallstreet  ff  nypd  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  cooks  liarsrtchris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."chris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."rtrtchris hedges  occupywallstreet ‘where hope america lies’ | raw replay    usdorrtrtchris hedges  occupywallstreet ‘where hope america lies’ | raw replay    usdorrtmust rtsix interview chris hedges  occupywallstreet    takewallstreetrt“the moment people [kind protest] ” hedges concluded  “the corporate terrified"   occupywallstreetrtthank telling people  truth  wallstreet  ff  nypd  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  cooks  liarsrtauthor chris hedges giving heck testimony  occupywallstreet.  missed check archive.rtchris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."
rti didnt care  occupywallstreet  nypd captain deputy inspector anthony bologna pepper sprayed deaf woman blank :^(i propose demand resignation deputy inspector anthony bologna nypd patrol borough manhattan south.i propose demand resignation deputy inspector anthony bologna nypd patrol borough manhattan south  occupywallstreet  sept17rtdeputy inspector bologna  nypd trying incite riot attacking peaceful protestersoccupywallst  p2  badcopnypd  deputy inspector anthony bologna  charge harrasment  abuse power  police brutality.deputy inspector bologna  nypd trying incite riot attacking peaceful protestersoccupywallst  p2  badcoprtfwiw mace police officer identified "dep inspector anthony bologna nypd patrol borough manhattan south"rtmystory buildings dept. lacks inspectors  funds cover  bronx code violations local officialshere deputy inspector anthony bologna  giving nypd bad name 2004  viaour inspectors engineers investigating cause building collapse 125th street harlem.good officer doing macing deputy inspector anthony v. bologna.is saying inspector bologna actions appropriate  protest videos edited. 8000 witnesses live netrti propose demand resignation deputy inspector anthony bologna nypd patrol borough manhattan south  occupywallstreet  sept17does inspector bologna pepper spray women caged orange netting demo nypd weakness threats?rtfire nypd deputy inspector anthony bolognaa message  nypd deputy inspector bologna (et al)    occupywallstreet  usdorrtfire nypd deputy inspector anthony bolognadeputy inspector anthony bologna nypd patrol borough manhattan south macedprotestors complainrtdeputy inspector bologna  nypd trying incite riot attacking peaceful protestersoccupywallst  p2  badcoprtdeputy inspector anthony bologna notorious protester abuser  via protected source.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallst meme generator deputy inspector bologna here...
rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told togreece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchamerica yawns  world wakes up. salute america aware.rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hourswhere ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests lol“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpolice brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetlive stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestoccupywallst meaning life stop stupid consumer nd protest wallstreetoccupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usa
rt"all day  week  occupywallstreet"    chant anymore  usdor  takewallstreetrtdon worry gop haters. mad b/c teaparty attract 5 people time anymore.  occupywallstreet  p2the world believe americans actually truth  re zombies anymore:)  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourstreetwhen delays headed straight path  hoboken & montclair train. faith penn anymorertpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetthis america anymore viral  shame nypd. call 4 immed resignation nypd duty  occupywallstrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetfuckyoubenbernanke bullshit algorithms arent anymore   occupywallstreet  fuckyouwashington  occupywallstok  don  occupywallstreet claim msm black anymore (in thanks nypd).  media attention?rtoccupywallstreet mentioned local news  krdo. strong  ignore anymore   occupydenver  libertysquare  owspolice brutality countries anymore  rtrtoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrthey nypd 1968 anymore.  camera.  brutality stronger.   occupywallstreetrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet victim media black out. anymore  whynow ? hide. lulz ;)  freedomrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetpatrick bruner occupy wall street "the system (nypd) isn protecting anymore." & "system" protect you??rtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfuckyoubenbernanke bullshit algorithms arent anymore   occupywallstreet  fuckyouwashington  occupywallstrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
pic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchhead ckhead nypd fox news megan kellys worthless father.nuff saidrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtnypd disgusting  police blocking netting father pushing child baby stroller   occupywallstreetrtyoung father gunned paterson  jersey   newjersey +*+  stoptheviolencertthis reason fore fathers constitutional allowing assemble.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...so sad  rtyoung father gunned paterson  jersey   newjerseyrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet march“murdered bronx girl stepfather arraigned  /i hope justice givenrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchthink doctor father loses strength   wellnessnypd disgusting  police blocking netting father pushing child baby stroller   occupywallstreetrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchmy grandfather head detective nypd. ashamed now.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchthis eats shit. seriously. rtyoung father gunned paterson  jersey   newjerseyrtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtour founding fathers shot killed  nypd scums. peaceful.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????? ??? ?????? ??? ? ??? ?????????? ??? ? ??????? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ???????????? ???????? ????????????? ???   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally??? ???????? ???????? ????????? ?????? ??? ???? ????? ? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????????? ??????????  ??? ??? ????? ?????? ????????????? ?? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally??? ?????? ????? ??? ???????????? ? ??????  23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rallyrt????nyc??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????ny??????????????????  ???? ??? ? ????????? ????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rallyrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ??? ? ??????? ? ???????????? ?? ?????????? ? ??????? ?????rt???????????????  ???? ??? ??????  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep2323sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima    ??? ? ????? ?…. ????????????? ????? ????????? ??????rtrtamerica 2.0 installation   12% complete ... (continue? y/n) yes ?????????????????????????  ourwallstreet  usdor
have mega corporations world  law ? visit  share opinion.rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oiloccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> major changes protect people corporationsrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreeton oct 15  occupybayst.  canada corporations solidarity  occupywallston oct 15  occupybayst.  occupywallst  corporations screw & scotfree.rtthe constitution guarantee fair play corporations  banks countries  usdor  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhen told corporations people  people look  occupywallstreet  usdor  owsrttakewallstreet remember remain civil & congratulations world watching   unity  piopleb4corporations  p2  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtcorporations engage misinformation campaign    poetweet  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  sep17  wirtcorporations = wall street = 1% controls 99% democracy.  back?  occupywallstreet  uador  sept17rtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilwe demand supreme court overturn ruling giving corporations rights citizens   takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtcorporations engage misinformation campaign    poetweet  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  sep17  wirtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreet
rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica1staid4  teargas  justincase go2rtgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtsleep wellrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallpls follow support spread word aboutoccupyamerica  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericafiat currency endgame us.  occupyfdsf  occupyphoenix  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  occupyspokane  occupysf  fuckyouwashingtonrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartnow time ppl 2 2 aid countries.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyla  occupyphoenix  occupynolartfood feeds  profit bleeds   antibanks  productivity  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyphoenixrtoccupywallstreetrtand love you.  anonluv <3rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartwethepeople  occupychicago  occupyoregon   occupyhouston  occupyperth  occupyphoenix   occupycleveland  ourwallstreet   occupytogethergood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtsolidarity  thx 4 nyclu hard  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyla  occupyphoenix  occupydenver  occupychi  occupyfdsfrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica
are paying attention?  occupywallst pretty fucking big. wake please. world moving....... you?rtpredix frm finance reporterlook  occupywallst protests big. populist anger social media potent combortthis saturday big. jail idea. 99% support  occupywallstreet.rtpredix frm finance reporterlook  occupywallst protests big. populist anger social media potent combortthe interview w/the guy pepper sprayed  too. negative nypd big.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetcheckpage. program decide "what message?"  reforms tablethe interview w/the guy pepper sprayed  too. negative nypd big.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtthis saturday big. jail idea. 99% support  occupywallstreet.rtthis saturday big. jail idea. 99% support  occupywallstreet.rtthanks  live feed looks big. gauging madison crowds  3 000 probably more. underreported reportedrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor  occupy  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorvrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor /viartsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor rt< >  occupyglobal  globalrevolution  occupyrtmartin luther king called seiu 1199 "my favorite union " endorsed  occupywallstreet. big.rtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdorrtsave date nov 17th. big. big.  oct15  nov17  ows  usdor
interestinggood article mark bittman  nyt  junk food cheaper?junk food cheaper  mark bittmanrtgreat piece byexploding ridiculous myth poor people afford fresh  nutritious food.markis junk food cheaper  grt read  viartis junk food cheaper?dont mess texas drive thru beer store  checkarticle price junkfoodrtis junk food cheaper?rtmark bittman junk food cheaper  grt readwhat "let real"  bittman nails always. junk food cheaper?    www.letsgetrealshow.com"no nonsense cooking eating...must popular again." read byis junk food cheaper?"advertising fast food isn exercise free speech behavior manipulation addictive substances"a shout cooking matters mark bittman  lay personal choice argument and...rtis junk food cheaper?op ed piece mark bittman confronting myth junk food cheaper  um   actual foodrtmark bittman junk food cheaper  grt readrtnice article bittman junk food cheaper?"...not mcdonald’s serve food people cooking joy burdenbittman article debunks myth junk food cheaper.shout tofor getting mention mark bittman column yesterday | junk food cheaper?rtgreat piece byexploding ridiculous myth poor people afford fresh  nutritious food.is junk food cheaper?   article mark bittman topic.
rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetrtrtpoverty america  //  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  ows"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreet  occupychi  occ ...rtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable."  john f. kennedy  occupywallstreetrtyou rock john  something...rtrtrtoccupywallstreet  rtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300   ar… (cont)rtiwilloccupy sit watch dreams phone  instead person. cause called dibs   :pst. john red storm basketball coach steve lavin undergo treatment ...rthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetrtmayor bloomberg committed campaign fraud  accused thief john haggerty lawyer ...  save americanot envy silently rtsurprise surprise shoking news putin run presidentrtnew news studio looks sick. window street; gonna hit ape  stume.rtrtyou rock john  something...rtrt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   owsrtalways liked movies brother  thank supporting movement  occupywallstreetrt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   ows
rtwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordhey  join  nyc? tell reason  iwilloccupy fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertfixed link "the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet " arun gupta“how join anonymous beginner guide   anonymous  takewallstreet” simple advice. illegalcome longview texas   occupylongviewtx join usrtoccupywallstreet shout awesome protesters  wallstreet  libertyplaza fighting world  join    sept17rtgeneralassembly starting  join   ourwallstreet  sep17rtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtheyyou rent damn join  occupywallstreet  info >>rtcall iraq veterans war join  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet    stopwar  veterans  solidarityrthey  join  nyc? tell reason  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupytakewallstreet...rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmy piece ny times sunday metro thertneighborhood joint| williamsburg: kcdcrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreethey folks   followand join fb     occupynj  usdor  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet pls rtare fucking tired country stopped investing ?  join    takewallstreet  usdorwill join crusade? strong stand me?  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17then join fight free   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17
“red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day  los baltimore como siempre las puertasrtwall street vampires   viaourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupyusa  occupycanadamargate amazing dreamland re :0) scenic railway restoredrtrtwall street vampires   viaourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupyusa  occupycanadartrtwall street vampires   viaourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupyusa  occupycanadartrtwall street vampires   viaourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupyusa  occupycanadart99%ers 400 people (the top 1%) own wealth.     occupyboston  occupywallstlevon  artashat  ashtarak representative.  30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevan
rtvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestinteresting tweeters newly met. followinglooking 4ward 2 postingsrtrtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)rtvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestrtalways liked movies brother  thank supporting movement  occupywallstreetthe  occupycleveland chatroom |  irc.freenode.net  occupywallstreetrtrtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)rtvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestdetienen 80 protestantes de wall street   el diario la prensa ny    víaoccupywallstreetrtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)occupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comrtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)rtthanks imortal technique  michael moore  chris hedges  noam chomsky  & susan sarandon fo… (cont)rtlike mainstream media rtin slept thru visit  occupywallstreetrtlike mainstream media rtin slept thru visit  occupywallstreetrtrtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)rtoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comrtoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.com
rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtyou didnt important. cover countless tea party rallies  nbc cover? truthfully?  ourwallstreetyou 1/4 followers  rubio party message 4 important.   occupywallstreet  noh8  p2read ny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilread ny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilrtimportant  legal sheet | nyc assembly     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  povertyif society education support     edreformif care  freedom check event country 9/11 occupywallst.orgrtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protests   usdor   nypdthugsrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protests   usdor   nypdthugscuts layoffs   jobs     housing slump forces cuts town company  viartimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtan video watch pepper spray cruel cowardly  nypd   atlantic   occupywallstreetrt?? message de buckminster fuller sur la vie à vivre du dissident.?   ows  usdor  revolutionrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtnypd officers world watching. importantly  children watching.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdorwhy talking  occupywallstreet? football important?  patheticrtimportant  legal sheet | nyc assembly     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  poverty
in arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtnypdserveprotecttweet demand  constitutionalconvention complaints nypd.  ...rtpepper spraying cop named civil rights complaints 2004 anti bush protests   occupywallst  nypdrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtnoteis individual actual nypd tweeter account ismany complaints sent individual toretweetrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtnoteis individual actual nypd tweeter account ismany complaints sen… (cont)rtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtnoteis individual actual nypd tweeter account ismany complaints sen… (cont)rtthe  occupywallstreet protest entering 2nd week amid complaints scant media attention. povyes   occupywallstreet control nypd officer similar complaints 2004 brutalityin  arizona  complaints  accent hinder  teacher’s careerhuffpo  ?  msm   protest pepper spray cop previous complaints  viaoccupywallstreetin race bottom  arizona takes lead. arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtrtnoteis individual actual nypd tweeter account ismany complaints sen… (cont)if teach english school  speak fluently. complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerfinance minister quit russian government finance minister complaints hinted anon...rtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s career
rtsunsalutesrtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupierseloquent provoking post concerning revolution   divorcegovtfrombigbusiness  occupywallstrtoccupy wall street  manhattan  tahrir square    international business times   sept17  takewallstreet...rtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersrtnypd capability   planes  commissioner bypennies funding circle  business lending site based london  rais...   finance  businessc mon. really? “nypd capability   planes  commissioner byrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   nee… (cont)international business times  occupywallstreet protestors fight broadway; 80 arrested  viawhat consider thinking moving cloud   nytimes.com   smallbusinessamazon labor practices "fraying american decency"  rtbusiness  jobs  careernypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1rtinstigating & inhumane treatment .against peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters  nypd   fightoppressionrt“instigating & inhumane treatment .against peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters  nypd  fightoppressionrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtover consumption cool  don corps local & businesses & jobs.  occupywallstreet  occupytheworld“russians shift power business usualrtoccupywallstreet  occupychicago depending local businesses.rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrt1. fair trade agreements . 1 sided business lowest wages  worker rights.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "theshame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  viartmaking noise twitter style using  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet addstorm mediartnew pinac post msnbc lawrence donnell criticizes nypd cops aggressors  occupywallstreet“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”msnbc intense piece nypd brutality sunday       occupywallstreettakewallstreetrtthere actual  news happening  nyc pls cover  occupywallstreet<hamhouke> lawerance msnbc offer bologna task. occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<hamhouke> lawrence legitimate tear msnbc  maddow.   occupywallstreet  occupywallst (cont)marc adler letter  occupywallstreet americans & progressive  mediartcrazy  justify egypt & nyccheck video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viartsave usaron paul deserves publicity   foxnews  msnbc  cnn shame    ronpaul  gop  bieber  obama  love ron paul  occupywallstmsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street   occupywallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  abc  nbc  pbs  nprrt“rtrtmsnbc ran mace video.  occupywallstreet...rtmaggies farm   rage machine   takewallstreet  usdor6200+ viewers  occupywallstreetfinally coverage  occupywallstreet  itsabouttime  media  victory you?  cnn  fox  msnbc  cbs  news  failcheck video    occupy wall street msnbc reporter slams nypd   cops country ...  viamsnbc lawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’  occupywallstreet   p2  nypdrtremember "good days" real journalists news? disappointed inoccupywallst  globalrevolution
rt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetrtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"nyt times tough marvin windows doors  tightened belt drew line eliminating jobs.rtjobs justice   racism war    presstorm  usdor   usa  occupywallstreet  occupychicago  uk  canada  tunisiartcamera "document  nypd misconduct  occupywallstreet protesters  cops losing jobs& paying claims  cc"shouldnt guys looking 4 jobs opposed trying stop doing them? rtday 8  occupywallstreetcuts layoffs   jobs     housing slump forces cuts town company  viartgood news flushing relatively recession proof  added jobs 2005.  queensrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrtpearson education wins tax breaks moving jobs york metropolitanseizing populist mantle  obama pushes jobs bill mark landler denver — days energetically raisin...rtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrtjobs justice   racism war    presstorm  usdor   usa  occupywallstreet  occupychicago  uk  canada  tunisianeedsoftheoccupiers......jobs?iwilloccupy bc weve jobs & bad compensation  corps care abt human & banks $off endebting evry1  occupywallststudents battle dallas cowboys unit sweatshop college apparel   1u  p2  4jobsamazon labor practices "fraying american decency"  rtbusiness  jobs  careerrtobama’s jobs plan deserves hearing  christina d. romer economic viewrtrt60 million people poverty due wall st greed   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrtoccupy wall street demonstrators send message jobs? | nj.com   ourwallstreet  cdnpoli
rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........

saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...rtrtwhere bloomberg? bloomberg money remain mayor? wall street course.  usdorrtcbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etupdate wall street protests continue  nypd remains mum pepper spray   ny1.com  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplazartrtwhere bloomberg? bloomberg money remain mayor? wall street course.  usdorrtdespite abuse nypd... remain peaceful. donut   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttakewallstreet remember remain civil & congratulations world watching   unity  piopleb4corporations  p2  occupywallstreetrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused violent kettling.  confirmations?rtrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused vio..."they remain peaceful fault  loudly combustibly so." mt   occupywallstreet  sep17occupywallstreet continues nypd remains mum pepper spray attack  ows  sept17  p2" wallstreet  protests continue  nypd remains mum  pepperspray use" byrtmanhattan:8 ave & 125st workers accounted for.esu k9 searching additional victims.incident remainsdwhrtoccupywallstreet pathetic media outlets remain nameless  ignore   corporate cowards    sept17rttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet day 4cold & raining 4 days remain strong fed reserve corner lasalle & jacksoncbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etrtupdate wall street protests continue nypd remains mum pepper spray   ny1.comenergy; questions remain deregulation nears.love 2 jackhammer   n.j. arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement drumnj arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement filled drum   york daily newsrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused violent kettling.  confirmations?
rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreethere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetirc.inydmedia.org  occupywallstreet growing growing. surpriserthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtcred &  pr coverage growing.  playboyradio  mashable  nydailynews  thrillist  yahoo   bloombergwest  sfgatert"the movement growing. hundreds square today. lots press..."  occupywallstreetrtthe march roadway growing. join  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreethere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occu...   zh cnrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtirc.inydmedia.org  occupywallstreet growing growing. surprisertwake uk  occupy london stock exchange. fb 400 & growing...  occupylsx  occupywallstreetback 2 camp   generalassembly looks beautiful  growing..  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreet
rtrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtnypd mad? ve  police violence lifted news blackout  occupywallstreetrtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrare ready testify? 2   anonymous  policebrutality  opfullerton  opbart  occupywallstreet  usdor  solidarity  freedomrtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrtoccupywallstreet basement dwellers america gather bitch moan worthless art history degreesrt"america breaking  human human unkind. " via/conconcon  rootstrikersbologna wing plant  moonlighti­ng pinkerton?  viartrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtif corporate "persons" actually treated people lot prisons  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrt  sign kelly thomas law petition stop police brutality    opfullerton  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  nypdrtrtpro bono lawyers 2 help arrested  occupywallstreet ? prof support. worried seeing girls maced.rt“nypd mad? ve  police violence lifted news blackout  occupywallstreet”rtrtu dont enuff guns kill  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose battle.  giabo  opesrrtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrtsome fucking news  huh? murder charge   fullerton  kellythomasrtpatterdale terrier  molly  5  currently assessment & home. tivertonrtpublic space matters medibank move frm docklands  lack design  creativity str… (cont)rtoccupymarcellus  opmarcellus  oppa stop halliburton kbr fracking  occupywallstreet  obama  occupyalbertartu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesr
rtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"rtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"rtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"mt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"u.s pltx nypd shoot planes     rtnypd shoot planesrtto serve protect shoot ...protesters fish stink 3 days  supportnypdnypd spox 74 arrests  5  "wearing masks"  ows  o15thanks nypd law +orderit looks pushing punch  supportnypdthe shelter  rtmanhattan:nypd scene 213 45 st person shot. requesting ems rush aided serious conditionrtu/d 213 45th st perp shot  nypd victim shot expire. heavy crime scene.  nyc  crime
did know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list."i surprised aren people streets." piers morgan  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.morgan freeman cnn piers morgan tea party racist   york daily newsrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.herman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtmichael moore piers morgan tonight 9est cnn... talk occupy  occupywallstreet  p2  usdor vrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.herman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistresponds liberal actor morgan freeman claim tea party movement racist   tcot  politicsrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid  fuckyoujpmorganchase ad campaign?  associating themselves w/  freedom.  answer   anonymous?  takewallstreetrtmore bondage   stop feeding bottom 99%fuckyoujpmorganchase  freedom  anonymous  takewallstreetmorgan freeman cnn piers morgan tea party racistfinallyreports  takewallstreet thruw&  piers  uk tuition demos protests  criminal lootingherman cain  gop presidential candidate   hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtfires morgan freeman  insulting  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gop
sundayread "cities managed  vibrant."  (via)rtoccupywallstreet hashtag   revolution formation | truthout  viaartdogs rthot dog vendors front met fight amongst selves "most lucrative location manhattan."
rtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrthelp promotethat starting support offer   occupymadison  occupywallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtrtex wall streeters supporting  occupywallstreet protest   sept17rta request   occupywallstreet protesters chorus sing rolling deep adele cops & bankers?perfect protest song   ourwallstreetrtrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet protesters form political party   listofdemands starting point.  freedomparty  libertysquarertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertgeneralassembly starting  join   ourwallstreet  sep17rtthe movement alive well. gotta start starting now.  occupywallstreet  freedomrthas nfl tackling changed crackdown hits head? look tape startingrtrtpbs journo 9 hours jail & civil disobedience charge. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetyankees laugh 5 2 loss rays  martin’s humor leads ejection yankees  russell martin ejected...nyt editorial "president obama’s medicare proposals:"  obama’s medicare plan starting point.rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetus loosing respect middle east bcoz double standard policy  supporting  bahrain dictators supplying weapons. ?rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "
calamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrta family affair wife  daughter accused queens scam artist named accomplicesrtcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponnyt ed "tampering electoral college:"  pa gopers propose changing voting system partisan advantage."a paradise paradox"artist toyin odutola illustrates somalia op edrtnon partisan  occupywallstreet  usdor seeks removal unfair extreme banking/corporate influence democratic process govt4the peopleart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponhello  graphic designer. feel free email artismylife702.com : )art graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponrtnon partisan  occupywallstreet  usdor seeks removal unfair extreme banking/corporate influence democratic process govt4the peoplertnon partisan  occupywallstreet  usdor seeks removal unfair extreme banking/corporate influen… (cont)art graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    spon"advertising fast food isn exercise free speech behavior manipulation addictive substances"rtcall artists perform  occupywallstreet join global struggle justice equality more...art graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponnew pic artist poster skull uncle sam    occupywallstreet  takewallstreetnew pic artist painting greed kills kick ass zombie thingoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdance & dissertations~molecular biologist dance artist~on~xavier le roy’s~product circumstances  rtrtcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet
rtrtif send hahahahaha text  sincere.important video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasert“courage  peaceful assertiveness & fortitude inspires 99%     occupywallstreet  occupyeverywhere  ourwallstreetrtrespect stamina fortitude  occupywallstreet.courage  peaceful assertiveness & fortitude inspires 99%     occupywallstreet  occupyeverywhere presscourage  peaceful assertiveness & fortitude inspires 99%     occupywallstreet  occupyeverywhere pressrt“courage  peaceful assertiveness & fortitude inspires 99%     occupywallstreet  occupyeverywhere  ourwallstreetname missed opp nefirtiti caca anyone?8 children foster care abducted mother“courage  peaceful assertiveness & fortitude inspires 99%     occupywallstreet  occupyeverywhere  ourwallstreetpartition partition.the view partition partition  from
eye exam dmv renewals york  "self certification" accepted...police force america "terrified. mortified. petrified. stupefied.. you."  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor““takewallstreet  **to arrested wrongfully**  (cont)rt““takewallstreet  **to arrested wrongfully**  (cont)pat boone declares  birther ; obama form birth certificate  fraudrttakewallstreet  **to arrested wrongfully**  rights courtwall street fortified defenses private security contractors. portent nypd gentle  occupywallstreet?  viaart artifact artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill   rosettastone auction  takewallstreet    sponrtthis nyt obituary artificial intelligence pioneer john mccarthy touching read weekcourt rejects appeal gay dads  birth certificate

rteuro zone death triprtwife accused shooting ex cop husband death black eye..rtcalls death penalty "an indefensible punishment"rteuro zone death triprtkeep riding top     www.zoharme.com   graphic commentary lack vision    euro zone death tripphotos mamma lion rescues cub falling death stunning photos shot wildlife photographer kenya ...photos mamma lion rescues cub falling death stunning photos shot wildlife photographer kenya ...man killed outside nyc nightclub 23 stabbed death chatting ladies outside o...rtcheck video    wall street economic death squad    via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtthe theft history   wall street economic death squad   ii  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetmichael jackson doctor trial singer death   nytimes.comrtmore coverage  occupywallstreet    occupycanadartcheck video    wall street economic death squad    via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtthe theft history   wall street economic death squad   ii  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtcondolences noveliston death husband justin feldman  city ny.photos mamma lion rescues cub falling deathjackson death photo shown doc trial  morbidrteuro zone death triprtshame  nypd bit.ly/plkrmx world watching. occupywallstreet  nypdnewsrtcondolences noveliston death husband justin feldman  city ny.wife accused shooting ex cop husband death black eyes (barbara sheehan trial)
does. www.livestream.com/globalrevolutionrtwww.livestream.com/globalrevolution live stream ofoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreetnow live livestream.com/globalrevolutionusdor  occupytogetheroccupywallstreetnow live www.livestream.com/globalrevolutionusdor  occupytogetherwww.livestream.com/globalrevolution live stream ofoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comrtjust finished  generalassembly . re following livestream.com/globalrevolution ? discuss.  usdorrtchris hedges speaking live livestream.com/globalrevolution  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comchris hedges interviewed livestream.com/globalrevolution. talking nypd...rtjust finished  generalassembly . re following livestream.com/globalrevolution ? discuss.  usdoroccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comrtoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comlovin horns atright  livestream.com/globalrevolution  musicisarevolutionrtjust finished  generalassembly . re following livestream.com/globalrevolution ? discuss.  usdorrthuge march headed union sq follow livestream.com/globalrevolution  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17rtjust finished  generalassembly . re following livestream.com/globalrevolution ? discuss.  usdoroccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.com
autofollow sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistannew york times...   ffbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.com  sopranos afghanistan warbrutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistanbrutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos af...brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.comus wish russia stuck afghanistan now.“brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s.feed offness brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  [manual offable]feed offness brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  [manual offable]brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos t...rtbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s.  afghanistan   pakistanbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  hire folks security gated community.if haqqani family "the sopranos afghanistan war " mean u.s. johnny sack crew?news brutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime...brutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos af...brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistanbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani...   newsbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times
rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thankseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.* nypd   york police department   transformation * nysgp   york sacred guardian police * aptrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestor… (cont)rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters york city police department commenti...“in response strong criticism  york city police department officials urging officers follow the...rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rttime class action lawsuit nyc mayor & police department. bet media attention  occupywallstreetrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.new york   polisi york (new york police department/nypd) rupanya tak mau lagi kecolongan dalam menghadapi aksi teroris .. (1/14)video fuck york police department.  occupywallstrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.
“the resistance here.    occupyphilly  occupywallstreet  occupytogether” rtrtrtrtcops furious fellow nypd officer simply flashing peace sign protestor  rtrt  ows  occupyamericartnew  occupywallstreet? follow supporters  media misinformsrtrtrtnew  occupywallstreet? follow supporters  media misinformsrtrtdespicable & unprofessional. rtrtrtinspiring video legendary folk singer pete seeger & occupiers marching  singing  "o mary don weep"  ows rtrt
amy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynow“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetoccupywallst real democracy street    change    usa  tunisiertwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.rtthe buy bull burning  democracy  secular wormpool  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtno matter repubs voted  corp media minority gop power 2destroy democracy  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17“more 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdor”  oligarchy  democracyrtam  "this democracy looks like" chant symphony ears?  solidarity  occupywallstreetrtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracyoccupywallstreet  nypd  brutality  thisiswhatdemocracylookslike  usdor  libertysquare  takethesquare  sept17rtus  democracy..eh? "occupywallstreet nypd police(toughguys)beat peaceful protesters   bahrainrtoccupywallstreet people powered movement democracy... vow monied corruption democracy.rt"wall st vampires"/  occupywallst /  reclaim democracy  bp & hedgefundersrtoped news teamsters report local joining  occupywallstreet 16   globalrevolution  usdor  democracy  icumi  p2rtcheck democracy  report  occupywallstreet   usdorrtyour strenght people process  occupywallstreet  generalassembly  realdemocracycheck democracy  report  occupywallstreet   usdorrtcheck democracy  report  occupywallstreet   usdorrtpeople microphone loud power  democracy  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtlack free speech+right peaceful protest:ugly western  democracy . police crack  occupywallstreetrtreports live frm  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtthank goodness musicians :)  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17thx link portable shower. gotta send  occupywallst.    wall st protestrt thank chris hedges.  occupywallstreet  nypd  activismrtthank goodness musicians :)  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtthank goodness musicians :)  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rt thank chris hedges.  occupywallstreet  nypd  activismrt chris hedges  former reporter york times talking world now...  occupywallstreet :)rtthose speak speak   "this peaceful march. welcome everyone."  occupywallstreet  owsrt thank chris hedges.  occupywallstreet  nypd  activism
rttrust citizen media  followrtweetrttrust citizen media  followrtweetrtmedia sucks  follow friendsrtweetrtmedia sucks  follow friendsrtweetrttrust citizen media  followrtweetrttrust citizen media  followrtweetrtrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please   fbits inspired "arab spring" hopes people join spark real changertmedia sucks  follow friendsrtweeti laid off.  waytobeoriginalvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleaserttrust citizen media  followrtweetrttrust citizen media  followrtweetrtmedia sucks  follow friendsrtweetrttrust citizen media  followrtweetrtshould school day longer? debate york times.right. understand msg. curious result.><my company troll clone  lol  andreaurbanfox  edl  uaf  nutsso abusing animal hashtgas you?trust citizen media  followrtweetrtmedia sucks  follow friendsrtweet
rtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtthis rtwhy american citizens arrested peaceful protesting teapart… (cont)wtf? ?  phone? nm guess wouldn frisked beforehand.  thankgodfortwitterrtwished  stopped watchingaka teaparty networkrtrtbreaking news sarah palin bristol riding bull  occupywallstreet...now msm cover protest? lolrtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtoccupywallstreet hashtag   revolution formation | truthout  usdor  takewal...events  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.this rtwhy american citizens arrested peaceful protesting teapart… (cont)rtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtbreaking news sarah palin bristol riding bull  occupywallstreet...now msm cover protest? lolthanks dortthis rtwhy american citizens arrested peaceful protesting teapart… (cont)rtbreaking news sarah palin bristol riding bull  occupywallstreet...now msm cover protest? lolrtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtbreaking news sarah palin bristol riding bull  occupywallstreet...now msm cover protest? lolrtrt"why facebook  twitter some."    inrtthis rtwhy american citizens arrested peaceful protesting teapart… (cont)rtthanks dortevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?is  oppaparazzi underway? don armed guardians banksters (  nypd)  bully w/o video evidence it.  occupywallstreetrtrt"when 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectacle" banksters protected dc & msmprotesters risking lives nypd 2protest banksterscorp provided obamafu chase bankrtanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreetrtanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreetrtsept17 day  iwilloccupy wallstreet.  1days  banksters realize watching.  anonymous  occupywallstreet  antisecoccupywallstreet dont worry banksters waiting monday  forgive  forget.we 99 percent america   occupywallstreet oust  bankstersrta sock puppet troll account bashing  occupywallstreet  hope banksters pay wellrt"when 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectacle" banksters protected dc & msmrtanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreetnypd drag girl street  via  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  jailthebankstersrtthe fall  aipac spokesman?  ..  usdor  occupywallstreet  banksters  nwo  tcot  teapar...rtcriticize  occupywallstreet  re trying save ass banksters & corporate oligarchs. thankyou?rt+1 rtanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreetrtwethepeople stand  banksters  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tlot  tcot  tpot  ronpaul  occupythefed  endthefedrtcriticize  occupywallstreet  re trying save ass banksters & corporate oligarchs. thankyou?rtcriticize  occupywallstreet  re trying save ass banksters & corporate oligarchs. thankyou?banksters  crimes brought light  occupywallstreet
rtlots women released  snacking sandwiches  cookies  cheese & fruit plates courtesy nyc iww  occupywallstreetrtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight. occupiers hungry  please help yourself.rtwalking harrison path mac cheesertblog post  occupywallstreet  cheese officers  re busted   p2  topprog  usdor  owsrtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight...rtlots women released  snacking sandwiches  cookies  cheese & fruit plates courtesy nyc iww  occupywallstreetrtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight...rtrtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight...rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight..rti occupy wall st. tonight  plans occupy cheesecake factory.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetr.i.p. arch west  creator doritos. ll sprinkle nacho cheese dust honor.rtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight...rtlots women released  snacking sandwiches  cookies  cheese & fruit plates courtesy nyc iww  occupywallstreetcheck picks grilled cheese sundaysbestofnyrtwalking harrison path mac cheesemac cheese coming occupiers tonight. late night hungry...mac cheese coming late tonight occupier awake hungry.  wearethe99again  bring 4 pans mac & cheese tonight. occupiers hungry  please help yourself.again  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight. occupiers hungry  please help yourself.walking harrison path mac cheese
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet occurs nasdaq actually foot  libertysquare.  ironicrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarerthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)they planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergrtfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreetrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz r… (cont)rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarerthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtthe  nypd blockade escort thousands march towards union square.  holy shit.  occupywallstreetrtplz begin using  unionsquare. trending. rt"the police trying treat slaves  becaus… (cont)rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarerthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)
rtrtpoverty america  //  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  owsiwilloccupy am sick bankers 100 millions 16% americans live below poverty levels  occupywallsteet  usdorrtprotesters continue flood  wallstreet   sept17  takewallstreet  cdnpoli  ableg  uspoli  p2  p2b  endwar  endpoverty“one five york city residents living poverty  ••• sad.  nycrtimportant  legal sheet | nyc assembly     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  povertyrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtcensus five yorkers lives povertyproving writing  rithmatic essential. rtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census nyti.ms/nn9x1qrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtone five york city residents living povertyrtimportant  legal sheet | nyc assembly     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  povertyrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorexcellent article junk food poverty rtrtrt60 million people poverty due wall st greed   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  sep17rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdor
rtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtoccupyportland gonna strong here. cheers  wishes compadres.cheers  occupywallstreet oil protests ottawa washington. video oil bp naughty naturertoccupyportland gonna strong here. cheers  wishes compadres.rtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyougeneral assembly reading "a personal message noam chomsky " apparently sent via email. crowd cheers.  occupywallstreetrtrtoccupyportland gonna strong here. cheers  wishes compadres.good morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyou
gettin wet rain  30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  ltp  rally  azatutyun  sksela?? ????? ?????????? ??????? ??? ??? ?? ?????????  30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  ltp  rally  azatutyun  sksela?????? ??? ?????????? ??????  30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  ltp  rally  azatutyun  sksela????? ??????? ???? ????? ?????  30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  ltp  rally  azatutyun  sksela??? ?????????  ????? ??????? ??????? ?????????  30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  ltp  rally  azatutyun  skselasit strike sense  30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  ltp  rally  azatutyun  sksela?????????? ????? ??????? ????????????? ?? ??? ?? ?? ?? ???? ?????  30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  ltp  rally  azatutyun??? ???  ?????? ????????  30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  ltp  rally  azatutyun  sksela????? ????????? 2 ??? ???  ?????? ????????  30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  ltp  rally  azatutyun  sksela?? ?????? ???????? ????????? ????    30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  ltp  rally  azatutyun  sksela????? ???????? ????? ??? ????????? ?? ??????? ????????? ??????  30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan   rally  azatutyun????? ???????? ????? ??? ????????? ?? ??????? ?????????  30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  rally  azatutyunstrike week starts   30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  rally  azatutyun????? ????????????? ?? ???????   30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  rally  azatutyun????? ??????  ?????? ???? ????? ??????    30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  rally  azatutyunlevon begin dialog government   30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  rally  azatutyun???????? ??????  ???? ??????? ?????? ????? ?????   30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  rally  azatutyun??? ?? ??? ???? ??? ?? ?????  ?????? ???????? ?? ???????? ???????   30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  rally  azatutyun????  ???? ?????????   30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  rally  azatutyun?? ??????   30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  rally  azatutyun?????? ??????  ?? ???? 10 ????? ??????  30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan  rally  azatutyun
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirtrtbig media afraid wall street protest seriously   ourwallstreet  vancouver  cdnpolirtrtokay. confirmed thatblocking  occupywallstreet trending    ourwallstreet  cdnpolirtprotesters continue flood  wallstreet   sept17  takewallstreet  cdnpoli  ableg  uspoli  p2  p2b  endwar  endpovertyrtah  please welcome  occupy memberourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdor  cdnpoli  occupycanada  owsrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtplease follow&now   cdnpoli  cndpoli  canpoli  toronto  vancouver  ourwallstreet  occupycanadartanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreetrtanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreetrtwall street donated $41 mill supercommittee    occupywallstreet  p2  ourwallstreet   cdnpolithank youfollowa99  usdoroccupywallstreet  cdnpolirtrtchristina gonzalez arrested beat cops  occupywallstreet    ourwallstreet   cdnpolirtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtrtnypd commandeers public bus hold protesters      ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  cdnpolirtrt14 captures footage increased violence  occupywallstreet.     cdnpoli  usdorrtrtnypd commandeers public bus hold protesters      ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  cdnpolirtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirt"observations jailed journalist   occupywallstreet"  ourwallstreet  cdnpoli  occupycanadartoccupycanada cuz govt privatizes wealth socializing debt  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  cdnpoli  canpolirtplease follow&now   cdnpoli  cndpoli  canpoli  toronto  vancouver  ourwallstreet  occupycanadartwelcomeourwallstreet  cdnpoli
rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtbring food water st. james & madison st. arrestees  occupywallstreetiww spotrtcops getting aggressive @ madison & st james. water drinks  bring &   occupywallstreetrtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight. occupiers hungry  please help yourself.rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkthey don immunity they? bring courtrthey cnn  bring cameras live protest?  occupywallstreetrtbronx 299 east 158 st male shot bring transported traumatic arrest. crime scene ...rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtifaimed bring provocateurs shut  wisconsinunion  hijacked planning  occupywallstreet?rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtthe demand abstract bring lobby funded system controls world inducing fear  occupywallstreetrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtnypd bring spirits. increased them. night beautiful. visit  zuccotti & yourself.  occupywallstreetbut nypd bring peaceful protestors.rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkobviously talk thanks bringing attention cause :)  takewallstreet  usdorrtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight...
rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.mt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights"   patrick bruner.   occupywallstreet viart"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.patrick bruner occupy wall street "the system (nypd) isn protecting anymore." & "system" protect you??rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights"   patrick bruner.   occupywallstreet viart"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall ...rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights"   patrick bruner.   occupywallstreet viart"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall ...
occupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21and nyc doorman is...rtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolinot ones ve seen far.  occupywallstreetrtnot seen.  cover  occupywallst   mention onbut nypd bring peaceful protestors.rtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolivettel wins singapore race  1 titleinrtcity taco truck wins award mobile food vendorsrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtpearson education wins tax breaks moving jobs york metropolitankenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. freakishrtcity taco truck wins award mobile food vendorsrtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.mitt romney wins michigan straw pollthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll mr. romney won 51 percent vote str...is novelty perry wearing off? herman cain wins florida straw pollespada soundview wins battle  war rages | york daily newsrtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile    try running 4:45 mile  deadlykenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile    try running 4:45 mile  deadly
muslims:"let irvine 11" warning jews freedom speech hecklers belief jewish judges w/no muslim benchrtif re  occupywallstreet wish  check occupation near  movement grow last. win.rtbest wishes luck  egypt  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  troydavis  libertyplaza  sept17occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <leaningtoronto> wish (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <leaningtoronto> wish (cont)rtscathing. ginia bellafante writes  occuppywallstreet "lack cohesion" & "wish pantomime progressivism"good luck  rton 1st  generalassembly 4   occupybeantownwish luck     theother99catching happened  occupywallstreet protests followingbest wishes all.wow  wish nypd nice.  occupywallstreetrtif wish help nyc  indignados  follow hashtag  needsoftheoccupiers users&takewallstreetrtif wish help nyc  indignados  follow hashtag  needsoftheoccupiers users&takewallstreetrtremember follow  needsoftheoccupiers wish help somehow fellow citizens  takewallstreet.  solidarity stay strongjewish?.thanks speaking ati wish live cant afford travel. rock dr westus wish russia stuck afghanistan now.“brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s.made amazon wish list :)  occupywallstreetrtwished  stopped watchingaka teaparty networkrtif wish join  occupyvancouver followcdnpoli  canpoli  occupycanada  ourwallstreet  occupytogetherrttweet  bieberinspired angelwho passed sept17  wish  tweet  makeherdreamscometruertif re  occupywallstreet wish  check occupation near  movement grow last. win.i wish nemi.  wlf
rtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrtbroadcasts wall street occupation  anonymous  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  susan sarandon  occupywallstreetrtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsrtcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viartwall st. protesters visit susan sarandon  ideartwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demons..thelma louise baby. “wall st. protesters visit susan sarandon  (cont)occupywallstreet rtnoam chomsky  michael moore susan sarandon se solidarizan con “occupy wall street”rtcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viartsusan sarandon "it changes top  changes bottom  " live >>rtrtcheck video susan sarandon visit  occupywallstreet protests.  viartwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstration (nydailynews)  susansarandonblog post susan sarandon solidarity  occupywallstreet protesters   p2  topprog  usdor  owsblog post susan sarandon solidarity  occupywallstreet   p2  topprog  digg  usdor  owsrt"occupywallstreet protesters joined  susansarandon   bloomberg  solidarity "rtrtsusan sarandon  occupywallstreet "there lot people rightfully upset inequality economically"rt susan sarandon joins author michael moore & wall street protesters  occupywallstreet viartsusan sarandon pulls limo words  occupywallst   wasn corporate jet yachtrtphoto susan sarandon zuccotti park occupy wall street protest our"this america  america looks like"   susan sarandon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  yeswecamp
rt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  blackboc  blackbagged. winrtffrtopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  bla...rtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtyour little social media police cant stop  occupywallstreet  opshadow  ourwallstreet   un  eu  1urtrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtpeople watching world  nypd    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtits time police peoples    occupywallstreet  opshadowwe citizens arrest  officers arrest assault?   occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtheywe haz donuts    expect     occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadow
rtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtholy moly  facebook page  carpools  occupywallstreet    takewallstreet  sep17rtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweetrtneedsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  carpools    takewallstreet please retweet


gadverdamme  rtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net  (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)the tea party attempt block debt ceiling increase act terrorism  (is said)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtsarah jessica parker sits worried york mothers share    (is helpful?)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)sarah jessica parker sits worried york mothers share    (is helpful?)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)cool   inwood  (is ok feel  people don crowd space?) "rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)

rtexcellent  occupywallstreet video  rtoccupywallstnyc  amazing video  watch   takewallstreetexcellent  occupywallstreet video  rtoccupywallstnyc  amazing video  watch   takewallstreetrtexcellent  occupywallstreet video  rtoccupywallstnyc  amazing video  watch   takewallstreetrti owned biz 30 yrs created jobs treated people fairly supportrtfeedingows stay  people caring people  changing worldrtin don    ows  occupywallst  occupywallstnycrti owned biz 30 yrs created jobs treated people fairly supportrtfeedingows stay  people caring people  changing worldrtfeedingows stay  people caring people  changing worldrti owned biz 30 yrs created jobs treated people fairly supportrtffrtexcellent  occupywallstreet video  rtoccupywallstnyc  amazing video  watch   takewallstreetrti owned biz 30 yrs created jobs treated people fairly supportrtfeedingows stay  people caring people  changing worldoccupy florida  /viaoccupymiami  supportoccupymiami  anonyops  occupywallst  wallstreetrti owned biz 30 yrs created jobs treated people fairly support

bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  (cont)rtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.dudes crazy rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled (cont)rtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardslmaoooooooo rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 ...rteight children abducted mother located pennsylvaniacops  police  news abducted foster children found pennsylvania  police sayfor york breaking ...damn “bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled (cont)rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardslol rtjah audi now?  rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.parents abducted eight children foster care ... manhattan couple abducted their...smh rtbk5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regards.smfh  happy isnt cases<  rt8 children name abducted mother   newyorkcityrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend.perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regards.“brooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  < fucking simp...swag rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. ...lmaoooooooo rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.

rt occcupymn youtube  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  occupymn  peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rtrtevent info released tomorrow  please chalk sidewalks  car windows  print flyers inform     takewallstreet  occupymn  mn  peoplealwaysrtrt occupymn youtube   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  libertyplaza   peoplealways  2thingsiknowrtevent info released tomorrow  please chalk sidewalks  car windows  print flyers inform     takewallstreet  occupymn  mn  peoplealwaysrt occupymn youtube   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  occupymn   peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rtrt occupymn youtube   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  libertyplaza   peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rtrtrt occupymn youtube   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  libertyplaza   peoplealways  2thingsiknowrt occcupymn youtube  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  occupymn  peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rt..video people color  occupywallstreet  sept17  takewallstreet   latism  bwb  peoplealways  2thingsiknowrt occcupymn youtube  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  occupymn  peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rt..rtthe raging grannys  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythenation  otn  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  peoplealwaysrtplease missing   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupythenation  otn  ows  slipknot  peoplealwaysrtthe raging grannys  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythenation  otn  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  peoplealwaysrtthe raging grannys  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythenation  otn  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  peoplealwaysrtthe raging grannys  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythenation  otn  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  peoplealwaysthingspeopledothatgetmemad block trends  boardwalkempire  occupywallstreet  peoplealways ignore nycwell dare 2 nowocccupymn youtube  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  occupymn  peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rt..rtrt occupymn youtube   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  libertyplaza   peoplealways  2thingsiknowocccupymn youtube  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  occupymn  peoplealways  angra spread  share  rtevent info released tomorrow  please chalk sidewalks  car windows  print flyers inform     takewallstreet  occupymn  mn  peoplealwaysthe raging grannys  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythenation  otn  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  peoplealways
rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...rtbrother word... protest  don stigmatized.  occupywallst coverage  sequel  madisonrtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediartabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartlive streaming coverage protests wall street.  media won cover  cover yourself.    occupywallstreetrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetajstream continued coverage  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica aje.me/qxpiowmikebloombergaljazeera coverage  usdor &  occupywallstreet mainstream media?[corporate censorship]   takebackamericamedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  antibanksrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmiddle class suffering sexy budget politics coverage greece  versions?ajstream continued coverage  occupywallstreet  usdorrtlive coverage: occupywallstreet  80 arrested released returning liberation square   ourwallstreetrtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rttea partiers funded billionaires interrupt "town halls"? media wall wall coverage. grassroots protest  occupywallstreet? silencefollow&for live info. read demand media coveragethe media finally  occupywallst coverage.  unfortunately coverage biased misinformation.   thanksmedia
rtif political parties fail  move beyond political parties.  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus  eu sanctions private media sector  syria beyond ridiculous   kill source exposes acts. usdorrthelp beautiful troublertus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilparis time beyond words.beauty  romance  wine food. restaurant report septime parisrtdreadful beyond words top famine dying kids  mass rape women/girls somaliartisrael plans housing jerusalem beyond 1967 boundariesus  eu sanctions private media sector  syria beyond ridiculous   kill source exposes acts. usdorrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus  eu sanctions private media sector  syria beyond ridiculous   kill source exposes acts. usdorrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oil“us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtdreadful beyond words top famine dying kids  mass rape women/girls somaliastaten island life   ? top stories viartus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oili agree. crimes proven beyond doubt heinous  nodeathpenalty
sweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles ...  nygiants  nflsweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  ...n.f.l. roundup eagles vick’s hand wasn’t broken scan reveals bruise  eag...rtsweet dreams giants philadelphia  knock eagles 29 16 ...   nygrteagles receivers matchup nightmare  giants  secondary ...   nygrtsweet dreams giants 29 16 win eaglessweet dreams giants 29 16 win eaglessweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  gia...rtsweet dreams giants philadelphia  knock eagles 29 16 ...   nyg““90% believe acting completely peacefully. makes (cont)rtsweet dreams giants philadelphia  knock eagles 29 16 ...   nyglive blog giants @ eagles (9/25)sweet dreams giants 29 16 win eaglessweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  ...ny giants stun philadelphia eagles 29 16; victor cruz catches 2 tds  michael ... ralph vacchiano philadelphi...rteagles  mccoy giants aren | york daily newsny sports sweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare ea...new york times  eagles fullback forceful  flashygonna sleep tonight  rtsweet dreams giants 29 16 win eaglesrteagles  mccoy giants arenrtsweet dreams giants philadelphia  knock eagles 29 16 ...   nyg
iconic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreeticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtlet love late night images coming   takewallstreet  occupywallst remind days tahrirtoo failed inspired sign  occupywallstreet  usdor  draw365 painted image 145/365rticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet    usdor  takewallstreetwe re packing night  decided leave rare image  occupywallst smiling cop.rt( pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiers) okay.rtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...see stunning image atrticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtif pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiersrticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtif pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiersiwilloccupy w. bros & sisters 2 spread image unity unborn kin  occupywallstreetrtif pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiersrticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwe re packing night  decided leave rare image  occupywallst smiling cop.un   support global social beginning 11/11/11 www.imaginus.biz www.newshooks.com www.cimages.meok... time imagery... hippodrome... shout tourists roaming times squareok... time imagery... hippodrome... shout tourists roaming times square
rtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetrtgps hollywood sign beaten pathrt“if picture future imagine boot stamping human ever.”  george orwell  1984   occupywallstreet  bannedbookswall street arrests / beat  occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  martiallaw  takebackamerica  antibankswow real heros whats beating crap little babies?do shirts saying beat crap taze women? herosrtyou don lose police arrest & beat media ignores you. lose up. up.  occupywallstreet  p2if tea party protestors maced  beaten  brutalized & arrested nypd  corporate media ignored story?  occupywallstreetrtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetrtus  democracy..eh? "occupywallstreet nypd police(toughguys)beat peaceful protesters   bahrainrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet ..her mother dying & cant afford carei typically respect job guys  please don beating protesters. especially re trying hit you.rtaround world 18 tweets     cain2012  blackout  occupywallst  nepal   kerbala  beatcancer  nyad  philippe  saudirt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rtrays hope alive  beat yanks 5 2 monday night game little postseason tune the...rtgps hollywood sign beaten path"artsbeat blog ‘the lion king’ tops box officertformer sf poet laureate jack hirschman  occupyfdsf  takewallstreet  sept17  usdor  occupywallstreetpolice brutally beat peaceful protesters   sept 25  2011   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  abcrtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"whoa  real terrorists  women beaters  cowards.please welcome   diaz  nypd   ocupywallstreet  anonymous
rtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentrtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rtper court appeals 1st amendment film police officers public     occupywallstreetrtthis. rtteaparty  nuts don  love   firstamendment    be… (cont)rtdear nyc/nypd requiring permit demonstrate violation amendment  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetnow amendment nypd law . overlooked  numo uno .rtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rt9 grievances    amendments   anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywalls… (cont)rtthis. rtteaparty  nuts don  love   firstamendment    be… (cont)rtthe amendment adopted protect rights.  tcot  tlot  sgp  p2  nra  occupywallstreet  teaparty  opesr  nwo  anonymousr.i.p. amendment december 15  1791   september 17  2011  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtdear nyc/nypd requiring permit demonstrate violation amendment  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetreverse scotus ruling citizens united fec  constitutional amendment support h.j.res.78.reverse scotus ruling citizens united fec  constitutional amendment support h.j.res.78.   occupywallstreetare forgetting westboro baptist church?? supreme allowed protest 1st amendmentrtyes believe  nypd violated 1st amendment rights  occupywallstreet1st amendment rights "peacefully assemble" violated byforbloomberg 1st amendment educatenypdnypdneeds educated 1st amendment "the peacefully assembleto exercise 1st amendment rights maybe read  nypd violatingand nypd violating 1st amendment read theprotest handbook
rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.october2011  chris hedges   occupywallstreet  oct6  usdor  stopthemach2011  yeswecamp  owsoctober2011  chris hedges:why   occupywallstreet  usdor  oct6  antibanks  sep17ray mcgovern   occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011  oct6  sep17  yeswecamp  usdorrtoct6 meet pikes park  occupythefed  solidarity brothers sisters front line  occupywallstreetrtcheck occupation near occupytogether.org  oct6  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  antibanksprotests nyc 8th day    occupywallstreet ‘where hope america lies’ |   sept17  oct6  usdor  newsrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtnypd cop allegedly pepper sprayed wall street protester unsettling past   occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  oct6ff & occupation nearest helprthow id agent provocateur   sept17  wallstreet  nyse  ows  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli  oct6  stocks  nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtthose suppress freedom name law order. john lindsayoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  oct6rtawesome  occupywallstreet pictures 3 days   ourwallstreet  ows  sep17  oct6  usdor  p2rtoct6  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  antibanksrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  usdor  oct6   globalrevolution coming america?  arabspring  usfall  empire down?rtcornell west  @  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  antibanks  usdor  oct6 at...rtoccupy nationwide twitter guide   40 cities strong growing   occupywallstreet  ows  sept17 oct6  ourwallstreet  p2takewallstreet  oct6 comments welcome and/or
rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17where outrage? oh yeah  oil. rtsaudi woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carshameless   onstar tracks users  driving habits quit service ... chuck schumer angry t...rtrepublicans driving america economic crash  viaoccupywallstreet  connecttheleftdriving painssaudi woman sentenced 10 lashes drivingrtrtfdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank them… (cont)rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtsaudi arabian woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtrepublicans driving america economic crash  viaoccupywallstreet  connecttheleftplanning supply drive occupiers. driving van 10/7 (hopefully) lot. contact logistics" train wreck coming re driving train "" train wreck coming re driving train "  ...rtsaudi arabian woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17
rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtrip doritos rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrt.nypd badge 7432 legal charges pressed.   occupywallstreet  don buried.florida woman shot husband  buried body backyard hog pen cops florida woman charged murder this...rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsbig chips   ???rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrt"the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrt.nypd badge 7432 legal charges pressed.   occupywallstreet  don buried.“the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips  dip?rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsgod bless  rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipslol chips>“the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipscreator  doritos buried chipsfla. woman shot husband  buried hog pen; facebook posts bragged ... philip caulfield jennifer l...rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipswww.florida vip.com florida woman shot husband  buried body backyard hog pen cops florida woman char...rtflorida woman shot husband  buried body backyard hog pen cops florida woman charged murder.
rtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyougood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyounews "there arts & culture committe meeting 12:30pm today." world invited..  occupywallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyou
"adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?rtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.ultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.followfor updates  occupychi  occupywallstreet running.&on groundrtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.umm    1920s? hadn running bus  photo evening...rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.wonder running. mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse   horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtyou re run   nytimes.com   marathonrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.occupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.rtif republicans hate government bad  running run government?   occupywallstreet  p2  sept17running brooklyn battery tunnel tunnel towers 5k support fdny nypd 9/11.rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtwahoo  guest writer& recap therace blog
rtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreet"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreet

rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousmichael moore live  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetamy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynowrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetwhere ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests lolpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetmeltdown   crashed world   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet
rtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nyc
rtsaudi king women political rolertsaudi king women political role“saudi king women political rolertrtrights clash town clerk rejects role gay marriages   tcot  gaymarriage  ssmandy rooney retiring  60 minutes  cbs news legend andy rooney stepping role weekly ...rtsaudi king women political roleso hard goodbye; reduced role rooney "60 minutesrtsaudi king women political rolewere switch roles week nc invade 4 cities plus  boa hq :prtsaudi king women political rolertsaudi king women political rolertsaudi king women political rolertsaudi king women political rolertrights clash town clerk rejects role gay marriagesis role allen ginsberg.  try sing sanskrit. ukulele arcade fire.rtsaudi king women political rolertsaudi king women political rolenytimes saudi king women political rolertrights clash town clerk rejects role gay marriagesdtn usa saudi king women political role saudi arabia’s king abdullah women ...saudi king women political role saudi arabia’s king abdullah women ...
banks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetnyt cftc proposed rules critics actually encourage speculation commodities markets.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.i don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtclick hashtag  bro  rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform./ securities/equities markets taxed  prosecuted  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  usdorrti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtny atty eric schneiderman "the markets didn crash paying teachers."  occupywallst  economy  secfailrti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.occupywallstreet businesses sitting $1trillion cash  jobs?  jobs = healthy marketsrti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtrtny ag eric schneiderman "the markets didn crash paying teachers."  occupywallst  p2  tcotrtny atty eric schneiderman "the markets didn crash paying teachers."  occupywallst  economy  secfailrtbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreet
for android users  cure itunes withdrawalrtrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowhey   check giants article    (sent via giants news android zenmobitell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowgoogle heavily criticized ‘is son gay?’ app android york (cbsnewyork) — it’s true  there’s a...rt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadow.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadow
rtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksoctober2011  chris hedges   occupywallstreet  oct6  usdor  stopthemach2011  yeswecamp  owsray mcgovern   occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011  oct6  sep17  yeswecamp  usdorrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksiwilloccupy  historical movement   yeswecamp  occupywallstreetrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  usdaysofrage  iwilloccupy  sept17all day week  occupy wallstreet  justice   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  sep17  sept17  usdor  yeswecampwe top story current.com   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17  sept17  yeswecampgrandmothers media (communications) team   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  yeswecampin concrete jungle live  survival love  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17  yeswecamp  humanismlove   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17  yeswecamp  humanism  ourwallstreet  whynowlove   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17  yeswecamp  humanism  ourwallstreetlove someone.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17  yeswecamp  humanism  ourwallstreet"this america  america looks like"   susan sarandon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  yeswecamprtrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksrtrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanks  world  uprtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanks  world  uprtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanks
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardrtpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution livesalty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commishrt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetrtvolatile dow drops 400  <~dow below 10 000.  ?it insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegerthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.rtrtows rtthe nypd tracks 2000 cameras manhattan. 450 wtc alone. fee… (cont)salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...rtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall  mayorbloomberg  demand release media team marissa  flood office. 212.617.8000  occupywallstreetrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorsalty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...rtbreaking news 96 arrests  1000s occupy wall streeters fill union sq  day 8    examinerin 2009  25 hedge fund managers  earned  658 000 entry level teachers. reason  occupywallst.2000 tiket ludes dalam waktu 7 detik  film   pecahkan rekor   via
1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallstrtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtwill share story all. don mind. :)rtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrt looking couple folks helping posting "occupy" news articles site.  occupywallst  otnhelping newborns breathe  spanking required   york times   newbornsare helping  occupywallst protest? there.helping somali famine victims viart1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallstbho modestly helping israel wheree gwb promised & failedrtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrthey  denver  co nearby? involved start helpingthey you.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet pls rtwill share story all. don mind. :)rthey  denver  co nearby? involved start helpingthey you.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet pls rtrthow ipads helping kids special ipads change children learn.rt looking couple folks helping posting "occupy" news articles site.  occupywallst  otncops hassling occupy chicago folks telling leave ben nlg 312 913 0039 hit 0 helpingrthow ipads helping kids special ipads change children learn. bit.ly/rn3usfrt.keep tweeting hashtags re helping usdor >no5 world social media democracy politics republicans+  ;)
“video awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrti  occupysaginaw fell pothole stole wallet lying helpless.rtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtphotos wildlife photographer captures lion rescuing helpless cub falling death  viartvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtphotos wildlife photographer captures lion rescuing helpless cub falling deathrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtphotos wildlife photographer captures lion rescuing helpless cub falling death  viartvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rt
rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiers
rtrtis nick kristoff gonna haircut  libertysquare accuse obama deserving presidency?rtis nick kristoff gonna haircut  libertysquare accuse obama deserving presidency?rtrtis nick kristoff gonna haircut  libertysquare accuse obama deserving presidency?rtis nick kristoff gonna haircut  libertysquare accuse obama deserving presidency?rtrtis nick kristoff gonna haircut  libertysquare accuse obama deserving presidency?rtrtis nick kristoff gonna haircut  libertysquare accuse obama deserving presidency?rtrtis nick kristoff gonna haircut  libertysquare accuse obama deserving presidency?is nick kristoff gonna haircut  libertysquare accuse obama deserving presidency?rtis nick kristoff gonna haircut  libertysquare accuse obama deserving presidency?rtis nick kristoff gonna haircut  libertysquare accuse obama deserving presidency?rtrtis nick kristoff gonna haircut  libertysquare accuse obama deserving presidency?rtis nick kristoff gonna haircut  libertysquare accuse obama deserving presidency?updated – nypd deputy inspector anthony bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance   viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna public enemy  deserving vengeance  viart ows updated – nypd deputy inspector bologna  public enemy  deserving vengeance  via

rtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)1staid4  teargas  justincase go2“where located drop supplies?  occupydenver  occupywallstreet”rtgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtrtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado t… (cont)rthelp promotethat starting support offer   occupymadison  occupywallstreetrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owshow cats denver yorkers  occupywallst? wall st. backyardrtrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegenertneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdordenverusdor  occupydenver  usdor  anonymousrtwe 99%. matter help out. time rise against.rtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)rtexcited activists  occupydenver. thanksfor stopping by. rise  occupywallstreetrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtoccupywallstnyc excited  denver 1st official  denverga 7pm tonight near  colfax broadwayrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  ows
yep  oct15  occupybaystreet babyrtmeeting  indeed occupying  vancouver  oct15  cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  occpywallstreetrtcanada politicians riding fighter jets spending billions prisons capitalism tanks.  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpolirtthis collapse ponzi scheme. time dismantle it. days  months  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpoli  inyourfacepovertyrttake control. coming. stand wheel  destroyed.  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpoli  inyourfacepovertyrtall struggle support tolet  occupyusa  globalchange    15oct  oct15  ows  occupywallstreetmeeting  indeed occupying  vancouver  oct15  cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  occpywallstreetrtyep  oct15  occupybaystreet babyrtall struggle support tolet  occupyusa  globalchange    15oct  oct15  ows  occupywallstreetrtmeeting  indeed occupying  vancouver  oct15  cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  occpywallstreeton  oct15 demand democracy. plan protest  sept17  montrealtocityhall  ourwallstreet  ows  cdnpolithe cost housing inmate $117 000 year. razorwire fence.   cdnpoli  oct15  sept17udhr created response pure democracy. hitler legal.  cdnpoli  oct15  sept17there months left worth century   step canada  join 2011.  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpoli  inyourfacepovertydavid frum disaster canada canadians stop paying mortgages.  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpoliit disaster 5 private multinationals. coming.  fun.  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpolibuy bigger house cheaper cash 2016.  street camp.  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpoli  inyourfacepovertyall banks law courts threatening foreclosure surprised ... doooooooooooo iiitt      oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpolibring debt based currency walking debt. banks survive don play.  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpoliwait banks  control? canadians 5 private multinationals   down.  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpoliyour grandchildren   2011? join? do?  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpoli  inyourfacepoverty
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000““wtf manhatten? rtlet boycott burger king (cont)rtboycottburgerking refusing serve wall street protesters  occupywallstreet  solidaritybeing refused burger king food prolly 1 cld happen.  longlife  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet protectedis junk food cheaper?  burgers best.boycott burger king refusing allow protesters patronize restaurants.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  wallstreetrtwant call thethat serve anons? (212) 571 4342 tell  anonymous hello   occupywallstreetrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corporate headquarters (305) 378 3000canaryorg burger king booted protesters out. please boycott them.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  insightsbsawww rtphotos mamma lion rescues cub falling death"call burger king won serve anons @ 212 571 4342. tell  anonymous hello.  occupywallstreet"  usdor  opesrrtburger king discriminates protesters   bk  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtbit.ly/pdfeo5  boycottburgerking  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwtf manhatten? rtlet boycott burger king refuse serve   occupywallstreetrtwtf manhatten? rtlet boycott burger king refuse serve   occupywallstreet.video burger king denies occupy wall street participant coffee  viaows  solidarity”rtoh lord terrible. rtburger king refuses serve wall street protesters  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetis dat gedoe wilders/rutte/cohen geen  magistrale  move om de burgers zand de ogen te strooien ga regeren   occupywallstreetis dat gedoe wilders/rutte/cohen geen  magistrale  move om de burgers zand de ogen te strooien ga regeren   occupywallstreetis dat gedoe wilders/rutte/cohen geen  magistrale  move om burgers zand de ogen te strooien ga regeren   occupywallstreetis dat gedoe wilders/rutte/cohen geen  magistrale  move om burgers zand de ogen te strooien  occupywallstreet
rtgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallbernanke   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupydallas  occupysf  occupyboston  occupyphilly  occupyminn  endthefed  opesr  usdorsay what? bernanke   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupydallas  occupysf  occupyboston  occupyphilly  endthefed  opesr  usdorrtthe event 7:30 boston commons near gazebo. please join     occupyboston  usdorrtoccupyboston assembly tuesday sept 27  7:30pm boston common gazebo     occupybeantown  occupywallstnyc rtrtoccupyboston assembly tuesday sept 27  7:30pm boston common gazebo     occupybeantown  occupywallstnyc rtgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtoccupywallst.org/conference/ meet plans?  occupyboston  transparencyoccupyhartford fb     occupywallstreet   occupyboston  connecticutoccupychi camps midnight front federal reserve bank   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupylait looks  nypd message & fuck  occupywallstreet   lulz  occupychicago  occupychi  occupybostonrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtrttonight 7:30 boston common   occupyboston assembly. spread ...rtoccupyboston happening. join  occupywallstreetrtoccupyboston assembly tuesday sept 27  7:30pm boston common gazebo     occupybeantown  occupywallstnyc rtrtrtrtoccupyboston happening. join  occupywallstreetrt“wow spreading fast   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix”rtrt “rtrtoccupyboston happening. join  occupywallstreetrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfall
occupywallstreet  series tv  nypdboosrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetfinallymade chicago news  time bank bail outs economic injustice main stream newsrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.rt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetthey didn recruit  anonymous. themselves. injustice..well  do.rtdont complain rising prices  corruption injustice re willing changing  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrtrecent research shown dollar rich person donates $2 tax exemptions  takewallstreetrtrecent research shown dollar rich person donates $2 tax exemptions  takewallstreetrt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtnew york ny police video refusing female  occupywallstreet protester bathroom needlessly maced [3]rt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.word rt"when injustice law  rebellion duty" ~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreet"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreet
rtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call themand demand therelease o… (cont)rtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
greece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetrtsept17  occupywallstreet  15m   ? top stories viart9 banqueros esclavizan al mundo   15m  takewallstreet  15octall support to15m  globalrevolution  globalchangestay strong peaceful  occupywallstreet          theworldiswatching  parisnofear  15m  15o  sept17  takewallstreetrtall support to15m  globalrevolution  globalchangeel moviment que neix als eua tan lluny tan prop   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17  15mechad un vistazola fuerza de internet. ayer  en directo  un arresto en ny twitteado en directo.15mbon dia 28 marcha bruselas  > breteuil  marchabruselas  15m  walktobrussels8o  occupywallstreetrtall support to15m  globalrevolution  globalchangertsept17  occupywallstreet  15m   ? top stories viartvideos barcelona  tomalabolsa  sept17 supporting  occupywallstreet  15mrtsupport tooccupywallstr  occupy_boston  occupychi  ows  ourwallstreet  globalcamp  15mrtsept17  occupywallstreet  15m   ? top stories viartall support to15m  globalrevolution  globalchange15m  globalrevolution  globalchange todo nuestro apoyo les mandamos fuerzas desde  boliviartel  15m neoyorquino entra en fase mediática encuentra nuevos aliados   ourwallstreetrtsyrian twitter support  freesyrians hashtag.  15m  acampadabcn  acampadasol  takewallstreet  ows  17s  sept17  occupywallstreetrt“cnn  fake  libya  war  video  exposed.   takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  p2  antibanks  15m”15m  occupywallstreetrtsept17  occupywallstreet  15m   ? top stories via
rtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtbofa dnt 15k act charged $5/mo&they 2 profit  ys 99%rtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare“foley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreet”rtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtbofa dnt 15k act charged $5/mo&they 2 profit  ys 99%rtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrt“foley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreet”rtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreet
do hear people sing? singing song angry men(and women)?  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtgreat read mexico using (and sometimes abusing) twitter brutal drug war continues       mexico  drugsif haven paying attention protests unfolding dc week (and continuing...rtwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreetthe entire country (and hopefully media complained media black out) you.rtwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreetrtwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet hashtag technology helped (and hurt) movementwe educate protesters....they ll learn re (and maybe solution)  occupywallstreethave looked  occupywallst ? media (and twitter) feel ignore/block this? hugewhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreetgreat article fromon reduce junk food intake (and obesity  blood pressure  cancer)rtcolumbia journalism review 60 minutes  meet the(and  nypd reporting)way cameron (via)  teaching rest conserve energy (and $). www.getenergysmart.orgrtwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreetdoritos chips creator dies age 97  cc(andy twitter handle up)rtthank you(and  yogadog) 4 lunch platters dropped  batterymarket   needsoftheoccupiersthank you(and  yogadog) 4 platters  batterymarket dropped   needsoftheoccupiersthank you(and  yogadog) 4 lunch platters dropped  batterymarket   needsoftheoccupiersrtwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreetrtwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreet
mn 8 av & 125 st. building collapse w/ victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ems req scene rush. 2 nypd rpt inj. /rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rt"now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtwaterlogged subway tracks 125th street & st. nicholas  viartu/d manhattan 8 av west 125 st 2 story constr bldg  scaffold collapsed mta bus. 2 injured nypd officers.  btcprayersrtmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  (cont)rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life thre… (cont)rtmanhattan:8 ave & west125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd esu & ems requested scene rushrtmanhattan:8 ave & 125st workers accounted for.esu k9 searching additional victims.incident remainsdwheen update van  nyscanner:u/d manhattan:8 ave & 125 st workers accounted for. esu 9 ...   brwforumrtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.woaa  rtrtmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly ...rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtservadv uptown  via local b/t 125th st & 168th st due water condition 145th st. expect delays  inwood  wahirtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.
rtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...there’s revolution brewing  occupy wall street enters week  viadigg  usdor"anonymous" enters securities analysis  taking world:d  anonymous  occupywallstreet  newsworld’s data centers expected grow  surveyworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...survey major expansion world’s data centersworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>rtworld’s data centers expected grow  surveyrttakewallstreet consider sending delegation 2 steps congress deliver terms   usdor  occupycongress  unity  justice  99percentersworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...it lemongrass baby  occupywallstreet  17start  takewallstreet  99percenters  oct6   owsrtpoverty  women highest99percenters  usdordoing math poverty usathere’s revolution brewing  occupy wall street enters week  viadigg  usdor
rtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadow
rtkeep  thousands usa waking efforts    takeourstreetrtmorning ny  people waking ny camping night.    takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrock ny times  thanks waking up.  lentils feed grand nutritional deliciousness pennies.  yesrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetend fed rally   11 22 08 york city nyc    occupythestreets  occupwallstreet  takewallstreet ppl waking upkeep  thousands usa waking efforts    takeourstreetrt @ bpgulfleak rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtend fed rally   11 22 08 york city nyc    occupythestreets  occupwallstreet  takewallstreet ppl waking uprtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtkeep  thousands usa waking efforts    takeourstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
lijk michael jacksonnyc friends  ll live onat 4 preview  drconradmurray manslaughter trial. kill michael jackson? thenhey nyc  ll live 4 onwith liz  reporting day  conradmurray trial.   michaeljacksongadverdamme  rtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net  (is ie stijf??)michael jackson doctor trial singer death   nytimes.comrtjoin movement  everyday protesters lasalle & jacksonoccupychi  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet netjackson death photo shown doc trial  morbidrtjoin movement  everyday protesters lasalle & jacksonoccupychi  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet day 4cold & raining 4 days remain strong fed reserve corner lasalle & jacksonrtwall street protest protesters freedom movement nyc cairo >75 arrested  sleeping gear bannedhelp avenge bothers murder.. tweet  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupytogether  nwo  freedom  truth  liberty 4 allrtday 4raining & cold 4 days remain strong fed reserve corner lasalle & jacksonrtmichael jackson death photo shown jury  (graphic image)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtmichael jackson death photo shown jury statements dr. conrad..rtbbc michael jackson story... mention financial terrorist trader b… (cont)rtshocking michael jackson death photo shown statements dr. conrad murray trialrtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtjoin movement  everyday protesters lasalle & jacksonoccupychi  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)
rtwhat cheaper  eating out?rtgreatgraphic cost fast food vs homert"junk food cheaper real food..this plain wrong. isn’t cheaper eat highly processed food"rtfinally food punditry junk food cheapernyt op ed "is junk food cheaper?"  it’s myth chips cheaper broccoli. they’re not.rtjunk food isn cheaper.is junk food cheaper?   nytimes.comis junk food cheaper?   nytimes.cominterestinggood article mark bittman  nyt  junk food cheaper?junk food cheaper  mark bittmanis junk food cheaper?rtnytimes junk food cheaper?markis junk food cheaper  grt read  viamust read nytimes junk food cheaper? ( takes real understanding change behavior. start here.this  balanced article rtis junk food cheaper?   nytimes.comrtgreat article nyt "is junk food cheaper?"rtis junk food cheaper?“interesting  nutrition inis junk food cheaper?   food”nytimes junk food cheaper?great article share  summercamp newsletter "is junk food cheaper?"  fromis junk food cheaper?  cooking job & fast food holiday;  rich people don cook & neither.is junk food cheaper?
feels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetrt“if picture future imagine boot stamping human ever.”  george orwell  1984   occupywallstreet  bannedbooksrtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchpresident obama honor 1985 chicago bears white house ... super bowl shuffle coming whit...read york times review  footloose fr 1984  rated pg strong language & sexual innuendoes.rt23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ????? ????????? ??????rtfor  michael moore exposing establishment corruption 1989  occupytogether  occupyamerica  usdorayoo    "puerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrt rtthe answer 1984 1776 says.   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeappfeels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetfeels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetpresident obama honor 1985 chicago bears white house ... super bowl shuffle coming whit...rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrtmt"gene sharp ss identified 198 kinds tactics—why stick one?"   occupywallstreetrtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorch198 yrs tho damn rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using (cont)rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorch“puerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrtp. rico 198 yrs prison 4 killing 6 ppl using homemade blowtorch   ... wrong w/ ppl?rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorch
rtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersrtray’s pizza   counts slicertoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersit insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegemy boyfriend "occupy wallstreet" protesters pizza.     needsoftheoccupiersrt.sending 10 pizzas liberatos   occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtthank support  occupywallstreet  sept17 won forget it:)rtif donate food  occupywallstreet  list  pizza   usdorrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrt.sending 10 pizzas liberatos   occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrt.sending 10 pizzas liberatos   occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtif donate food  occupywallstreet  list  pizza   usdorrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtif donate food  occupywallstreet  list  pizza   usdorrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrthow wall street bankers arrested..// threw trashcans pizza vendors windows?  p2rt“pizza getting sent stand chicago  thanks love.  occupychi  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtorder pizza guys  occupywallstreet (212) 566 0006rt“original ray pizza close due legal disputes  <~~but name  know?rtfree pizza? dude  didn  re  getting pepper sprayed & cuffed  popo<3rt

rtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrtbroadcasts wall street occupation  anonymous  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  susan sarandon  occupywallstreetrtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsrtcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viartwall st. protesters visit susan sarandon  ideartwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demons..thelma louise baby. “wall st. protesters visit susan sarandon  (cont)occupywallstreet rtnoam chomsky  michael moore susan sarandon se solidarizan con “occupy wall street”rtcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viartsusan sarandon "it changes top  changes bottom  " live >>rtrtcheck video susan sarandon visit  occupywallstreet protests.  viartwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstration (nydailynews)  susansarandonblog post susan sarandon solidarity  occupywallstreet protesters   p2  topprog  usdor  owsblog post susan sarandon solidarity  occupywallstreet   p2  topprog  digg  usdor  owsrt"occupywallstreet protesters joined  susansarandon   bloomberg  solidarity "rtrtsusan sarandon  occupywallstreet "there lot people rightfully upset inequality economically"rt susan sarandon joins author michael moore & wall street protesters  occupywallstreet viartsusan sarandon pulls limo words  occupywallst   wasn corporate jet yachtrtphoto susan sarandon zuccotti park occupy wall street protest our"this america  america looks like"   susan sarandon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  yeswecamp
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleaseyou flash mob lobby bank america buildingrtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersrtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viaoccupywallstreet  occupywallstlooking   occupyamericapower people plse share aroundrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrtkeep  thousands usa waking efforts    takeourstreetrtwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........occupywallstreetmama  mama noise cops shot girls boys.rtrtoccupywallstreet 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdor
please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtplease  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutescellphones? job instead? rtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesneedsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takethesquare activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes
rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet(from buzzfeed)  nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement   occupywallstreetover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement  occupywallstreetrt6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradiortmt100 people arrested wall street  mass media spain  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtexclusive 100 cops involved nypd ticket fixing probe « cbs yorkrtit 100 hundred protestors arrested mention thetakewallstreet journalism dead.salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commishrtwhy 100 teapartyers gather view msm uprising & 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectacleiwilloccupy am sick bankers 100 millions 16% americans live below poverty levels  occupywallsteet  usdorrtover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycrtnypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protestsrtnypd arrests 100+ “occupy wall street” protests   ourwallstreetrtrtspeaker harvard  ve peaceable assembly  100 cops congregated un… (cont)rtrt0 actual criminals destroyed world economy arrested wall st. 100+ peacefu… (cont)it insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegertmy architect wife sent 100 resumes avail 19 months.  iwilloccupy  takewallstreet
.have covered  occupywallstreet ?nytimes covered weren impressed. lot melodrama judging footage?ass. havent covered yahoo censoring it.  occupywallstreetrtpeaceful female protestors penned street maced  occupywallst  egypt usartthe  media covered the/  usdor  occupywallstreet  news  journ...to   covered? total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wscroll inch paul brown covered.[video]covered yesterdays  bridesmarch sponsored  domesticviolenceam wondering  rickperry  enron connection isn covered media?i heard obama stamps stick investigation uncovered people spitting wrong  i.e.image.  ourwallstreetnice  nypd counter terrorism feature  except  fdny units discovered times square car bomb called policerti heard obama stamps stick investigation uncovered people spitting wrong  i.e.image.  ourwallstreetfrightening covered corporate owned news. truths withheld.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet covered top story  abc7nyc    congratz   takewallstreet  generalassemblywtf... "man arrested jfk weapons discovered luggagertdid right?   cnn covered college bake sale live (repub protest) refuses cover  occupywallstreet?  epic failrtman arrested jfk weapons discovered luggage  <  idiotrtcnn covered  occupywallstreet briefly. 80 arrests 4disorderly& assaulting officer. mention cop violence.occupywallst isn covered mainstream media re afraid defend corp offices sponsors. :(rtman arrested jfk weapons discovered luggage  << idiotchild backseat stolen car safely recovered police continue search suspect
rtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet retweetrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtconsensus met designating shifts throughout night  getting vehicles sleep  occupychirtmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthnypd cops caught dirty dancing west indian day paradertdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nyc“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycbrother west  words thegeneral assembly  spirited & beautiful sign solidarity w/real folksrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycthe soul afsc western ma presently wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  takewallst  takewallstreetrtah  please welcome  occupy memberourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdor  cdnpoli  occupycanada  owsrtrtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   viartrtcornel west speak  occupywallstreet 7 pm tonightsexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...cornelwest obama  love solidarity  occupywallstreet  usdoranonymousthank youbeautiful speech.  takewallstreetrtcivil disobedience parcel american democratic process.  occupywallstreetyes..oppportunist cornel west..full cat left stairs & ain spilled milk..attention getting creepwhat west defend is?   occupywallstreet  ows  sept17
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...snooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s...rtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtbrother word... protest  don stigmatized.  occupywallst coverage  sequel  madisonrtdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedrtrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...wall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........ladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...instant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ... dick weiss toledo footb...rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17shame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  via1staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallstultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...fuhgeddaboud  plea deal  17 cops indicted ticket fixing rocco parascandola  kevin deutsch and...suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...
pepper spray video  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet shown onthe wordrtnypd officers peaceful protester  shown resisting arrest  concussion  occupywallstreetrtrtrecent research shown dollar rich person donates $2 tax exemptions  takewallstreetrtrecent research shown dollar rich person donates $2 tax exemptions  takewallstreetjackson death photo shown doc trial  morbidwhy shown mainstream news??? cnn nbc sky bbc foxrtnypd officers peaceful protester  shown resisting arrest  concussion  occupywallstreetrtmichael jackson death photo shown jury  (graphic image)rtmichael jackson death photo shown jury statements dr. conrad..rtnypd officers peaceful protester  shown resisting arrest  concussion  occupywallstreetrtthe protesters smartphone app. qr code flyer  shown ...rtshocking michael jackson death photo shown statements dr. conrad murray trialrtnypd officers peaceful protester  shown resisting arrest  concussion  occupywallstreetrtwell  looky  tvtrucks shown up. slow news day? bankers arrested?rtwell  looky  tvtrucks shown up. slow news day? bankers arrested?rtwell  looky  tvtrucks shown up. slow news day? bankers arrested?rtwell  looky  tvtrucks shown up. slow news day? bankers arrested?rtphoto michael jackson laying dead gurney shown statements  sadrtwell  looky  tvtrucks shown up. slow news day? bankers arrested?rtphoto michael jackson laying dead gurney shown statementsrtyoutube video peaceful female protesters maced shown local ny news morning.  occupywallstreet
as scorn vote grows  protests surge globearsenal’s jack wilshere surgery arsenal stuttering start season suffered blow n...whoa “desperately unhappy own skin  woman tried sex reassignment surgeryrtrtwoman tried sex reassignment surgeryrtdesperately unhappy own skin  woman tried sex reassignment surgerythere huge surge promote toddler comfy crap folks securely snuggledrtdesperately unhappy own skin  woman tried sex reassignment surgery"desperately unhappy...woman tried sex reassignment surgery   wishidbeenacubreporterinnycrtdesperately unhappy own skin  woman tried sex reassignment surgeryviolence surges  yemen despite call cease fire  byarabspring  gcc   unas scorn vote grows  protests surge globeas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe  > world  wide contempt political procesrtdesperately unhappy own skin  woman tried sex reassignment surgeryas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe  viartdesperately unhappy own skin  woman tried sex reassignment surgeryafter  arabspring look forward upcoming  westernfall starting  occupywallstreet protest  globalinsurgency  :)rtas scorn vote grows  protests surge globeas scorn vote grows  protests surge globertdesperately unhappy own skin  woman tried sex reassignment surgeryrtthat bites  100 swimmers brazil attacked piranha; flesh eating fish surge populationvirtual world surges york
rtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  occupychicago  pride. re inspiring many. righteous. tough… (cont)rtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet  occupychicago  pride. re inspiring many. righteous. tough… (cont)occupywallstreet  occupychicago  pride. re inspiring many. righteous. tough… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet  occupychicago  pride. re inspiring many. righteous. tough… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet  occupychicago  pride. re inspiring many. righteous. tough… (cont)rtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  occupychicago  pride. re inspiring many. righteous. tough… (cont)rtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  occupychicago  pride. re inspiring many. righteous. tough… (cont)occupywallstreet  occupychicago  pride. re inspiring many. righteous. tough… (cont)seeing support occupy operations america fills pride.  occupywallstreet  occupyla  anonymousrtseeing support occupy operations america fills pride.  occupywallstreet  occupyla  anonymousrtrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?you flash mob lobby bank america building"eat bankers" occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquartwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksbanks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreettax payer bailout banks "too fail" 99% austerity  bankster criminal arrests  reason  occupywallstreetis  oppaparazzi underway? don armed guardians banksters (  nypd)  bully w/o video evidence it.  occupywallstreetrtwsj "bankers  protesters  ones arrested  occupywallstreet" vi am surprised inwsj  "bankers  protesters  ones arrested on"rtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibankswp| 80 arrested  occupywallstreet protest bank bailouts      ourwallstreet takewallstreet usdor egypt tahrir nj nyin china throw bankers prisonsfinallymade chicago news  time bank bail outs economic injustice main stream newsrt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreeticonic protester/got knees/screamed bank4 taking’ parents home?  p2takewallstreet  liar liar pants on..rtrt"when 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectacle" banksters protected dc & msmy nyc  september17th  boys   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  bofa  banks  agosoccupywallstreet  arrests protesters   wallstreet  bankers crashed economy  08.  usdorrta request   occupywallstreet protesters chorus sing rolling deep adele cops & bankers?perfect protest song   ourwallstreet

rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...rtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet retweetrtrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ridelots tweets/links otherwise. eh? know?  occupywallstreet isn trending list ny.disagree  search returning hundreds tweets min  current trending topics. compare.  occupywallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartthank retweeted  occupywallstreet video. gone viral possibly censored. online social media ftwrtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17

rtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtmrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  usrevolution  globalchangertrtrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston (cont)rtrtoccupywallstreet   live stream  wow 7 300+ witnesses nypd crackdown shar.es/hnnflrtmrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  usrevolution  globalchangertmrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  usrevolution  globalchangefeedtheprotest  takewallstreet  sept17  300+ cops descending liberty plaza netsrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtrtrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston (cont)rtmrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  usrevolution  globalchangertthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtrtrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston (cont)rtrtrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston (cont)rtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreet
rtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreet...rtif re  occupywallstreet wish  check occupation near  movement grow last. win."first ignore  laugh  fight  win.” gandhi  occupywallst  occupyamericartfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtmy response article.“first ignore  laugh  fight  win.” gandhirtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrt“first ignore  laugh  fight  win.”   gandhi  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtgopbags screw democracy hv politics win..so lie/suppress/redistrict order2 win   usdor  connecttheleftrtif re  occupywallstreet wish  check occupation near  movement grow last. win.rtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtmy response article.“first ignore  laugh  fight  win.” gandhirtrt"first ignore  ridicule  fight  win."  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetkenyan sets world record berlin marathon accident sunday makau ran unimpeded  arms swin...rtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtmy response article.“first ignore  laugh  fight  win.” gandhirtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreet“first ignore  laugh  fight  win.”~gandhi  occupywallstreet  sept17  peacertfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreet
rta family affair wife  daughter accused queens scam artist named accomplicesrtwife accused shooting ex cop husband death black eye..a political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...rtmy architect wife sent 100 resumes avail 19 months.  iwilloccupy  takewallstreetcops arrest husband n.j. wife slay husband missing jersey woman found encased cement fill...rtmember legal team wife birthday. spent defending us. send cake tomorrow?  needsoftheoccupierswife mercedes benz genetic engineering vitamin englanda political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...a political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...cops arrest husband n.j. wife slay husband missing jersey woman found encased cement fill...convicted cat killer six months prison convicted kitty killer wife meowed mercy monday b...wife trial hubby slay battered queens school secretary trial murder ex cop hubb...cops arrest husband n.j. wife slayrttareq salahi wife decision leave journey neal schon cost her.love 2 jackhammer   n.j. arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement drumnj arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement filled drum   york daily newswife accused shooting ex cop husband death black eyes (barbara sheehan trial)nj arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement filled drum amanda mikelberg police investig...nj arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement filled drum   york daily newsdo know? nj arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement filled drum   york daily newsa political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...
rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)“where located drop supplies?  occupydenver  occupywallstreet”rtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobacco   needsoftheoccupiers  ows  ourwallstreethey check updated supplies list   wallstreet  occupywallstreet  anonblog“rttons supplies shipped ups store fulton  libertypark”rtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwant support? wall street. donate medical supplies/food?rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobaccoourwallstreet”rtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupierswhat supplies protesters?  occupywallstreet  foriegnaid  endthefedrtany volunteer bike couriers bring supplies?  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  takethesquarertvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobacco   needsoftheoccupiers  ows  ourwallstreetrtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobaccoourwallstreet”rtrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplies.

yep  oct15  occupybaystreet babypic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrtarrests york anti wall street protest  al jazeera english  << al jazeera scoops blame stream media  occupywallstthelma louise baby. “wall st. protesters visit susan sarandon  (cont)rtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchdivide conquer baby  divide conquer   blueshirtversuswhiteshirtsrtrt100 officers refused duty today. question  officer… (cont)wall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march      babyboomers  revolution  wethepeoplegrodin oh baby  nice infant store day  mother holding he...watch beach bums surfers saved baby shark crazy ride.rtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...for fuck sake  nypd kettling goddamn baby strollers   occupywallstreetrtofficials confirm nypd abuse  occuptwallstreetrtrtwe flowers. surprise coming... :)  needsoftheoccupiers  takewallstreet  occupywallst… (cont)rtspread word starting homeless unemployed tent city close wallstreet possible.  occupywallstreetrtthink adbusters corporate flag symbol won takertreason media enjoys freedom press cover newsu ashamed  occupywallstreetrtrtdespite  nypd efforts  wall street stays occupied  viartrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtnypd disgusting  police blocking netting father pushing child baby stroller   occupywallstreetnursing student helps deliver neighbor baby brooklyn nursing student real crash course delivering...
wall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform   occupywallstreetrtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2wall street  protesters vow fight jailed wall street protesters emerged cells sunday com...rtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nycrtobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.you rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2rtobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.rt"observations jailed journalist   occupywallstreet"  ourwallstreet  cdnpoli  occupycanadartobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.rtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2rtwall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting f..rtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs correspondent jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   p2  p21nypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nycwall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reformrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nycyou report mideast protesters getting unjustly jailed report u.s. onyou report mideast protesters getting unjustly jailed report u.s. onyou report mideast protesters getting unjustly jailed report u.s. onyou report mideast protesters getting unjustly jailed report u.s.on 80 protesters jailedruns front page 1 person unjustly jailed blind eye own backyard 80 unjust jailedrtobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.
rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreet{god him} rtbrooklyn 2701 ocean ave 2 people shot  1 aided transported serious condition. level 1 mobilization.rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt.have heard anon? rtaccording  critical condition.rtrtcustomers angry  amazon warehouse worker conditions    p2 // boycottingrt"someone bad condition here"   manukyan. cals doctor left scene.   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rallyno. info protestor critical condition rumour.staten island   person shot 350 vanderbilt ave near prince street.  nypd esu requested. condition victim unknown.  nycrtask bloomberg abt  nypd brutality & protester critical condition  occupywallstreet  heard  freedomofassembly?rtbrooklyn 268 cozine ave male shot transported serious condition. crime scene established.rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtservadv uptown  via local b/t 125th st & 168th st due water condition 145th st. expect delays  inwood  wahirtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetspin this. rtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreet
rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried toni… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)there astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)
rtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtoccupymn october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  occupywallstreetpleaseoccupywallstreet day 10 occupations federal reserve branches beginrtnypd police plane needed...  reassuring   po… (cont)rtoccupy federal reserve minneapolis   usdor  occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  europeanrevolutionfollowfor updates  occupychi  occupywallstreet running.&on groundclinton warned federal deficit created combination tax cuts spending  comi...so gop claim 47% households pay federal taxes basically bullshitrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorno "federal" "federal reserve"..  "federal reserve note" written $? rti am tiredrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtchanting. "chicago marches " brutalized nypd. … (cont)audit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   usdor  ows  occupywallstreetwall st & federal reserve  stop committing financial terrorism   occupywallstreet  occupyallstreetsrtaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   usdor  ows  occupywallstreetthe federal government school meals nutritious  expensive (via)occupywallstreet don occupying federal reserve?wall st isn sending money  dc thru fed reservertorder pizza guys  occupywallstreet (212) 566 0006rtaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   usdor  ows  occupywallstreetrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdoroctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymn
have mega corporations world  law ? visit  share opinion.rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oiloccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> major changes protect people corporationsrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreeton oct 15  occupybayst.  canada corporations solidarity  occupywallston oct 15  occupybayst.  occupywallst  corporations screw & scotfree.rtthe constitution guarantee fair play corporations  banks countries  usdor  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhen told corporations people  people look  occupywallstreet  usdor  owsrttakewallstreet remember remain civil & congratulations world watching   unity  piopleb4corporations  p2  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtrtthe corporation   (full movie)    takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstreetrtcorporations engage misinformation campaign    poetweet  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  sep17  wirtcorporations = wall street = 1% controls 99% democracy.  back?  occupywallstreet  uador  sept17rtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilwe demand supreme court overturn ruling giving corporations rights citizens   takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtcorporations engage misinformation campaign    poetweet  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  sep17  wi
sebastian vettel won ninth race winning drivers  title  wit...privacy profit | onstar continues track drivers service discontinued & plans sell dataoh  rtdrivers weekday commute port authority tollsi ve read fifties & sixties  f1 drivers frequently mounted cars nursing hangover. fatalists...drivers weekday commute port authority tollsthere lot trouble  modern  car drivers taking risks  cars & fellow driversdrivers slight drop pump trenton  n.j. (cbsnewyork/ap) — motorists seeing slightly lower prices ...port authority toll fare hikes effect york (cbsnewyork) – drivers crossing hudson riv...rtny daily news "bike lanes save lives"  drivers & peds cyclists  recommendi hate cops rtnew york thruway cops cracking drivers using cell phonesdrivers slight drop pumpnew york thruway cops cracking drivers using cell phonesdrivers slight drop pump trenton  n.j. (cbsnewyork/ap) — motorists seeing slightly lower prices pumps. aaa mid...port authority toll fare hikes effect york (cbsnewyork) – drivers crossing hudson river saturday mornin..."drivers weekday commute port authority tollsrtprivacy profit | onstar continues track drivers service discontinued & plans sell datanew york events drivers slight drop pump trenton  n.j. (cbsnewyork/ap) — motorists seeing sli...new york events port authority toll fare hikes effect york (cbsnewyork) – drivers cros...rtprivacy profit | onstar continues track drivers service discontinued & plans sell datartbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?
opshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  blackboc  blackbagged. winrtffrtopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  bla...affirmative action bake sale students arms controversy cupcakes heating berkeley col...sound familiar? affirmative action bake sale students armsrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex berkeley college republicans bake sale with...affirmative action bake sale berkeley college students armsrtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.pls rttweets regardina ny news site lack coverage  occupywallstreet”affirmative action bake sale berkeley college students arms nina mandell controversy cup...affirmative action bake sale berkeley college students arms   york daily news"affirmative action bake sale uc berkeley students arms"... truth offending   tcotrt* privatizing profit socializing loss  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherert* congress  executive  & judiciary bought paid lobbyists  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherert* hard won union representation disbanded obscene corp exec salaries  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherert* constitution trampling  police  citizen surveillance  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherert* austerity measures depression leading trickledown disaster  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherert* gambling losing people money  demanding charity  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywhereaffirmative action bake sale students armsnytimes ‘diversity bake sale’ backfires campus

rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex berkeley college republicans bake sale with...rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex"‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex    really?  ignorantrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexso extremely narrow minded offensive rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexyes  mta overpriced unreliable.what think? ‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race & gender  viart‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexdisagree ideology  wothwhile debate rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexas covered rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexphotography  ff ‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex    ny  fashion  movies"‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex  remember tried bucknell??
rt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartfolks  happened today. enormous  nypd pressure  nonviolent activists wo… (cont)rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediafolks  happened today. enormous  nypd pressure  nonviolent activists wo… (cont)rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure media"abc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure media "rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure media

zachary chesser  threatened south park creators   viartnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtpolice macing people wall street protest threat   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographysad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rtanonymous threatens nypd  brutality doesn’t stop  internetrtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.rttrigger warning. 0:40  nypd uniformed maces – eyes – unarmed  unthreatening  penned protesters.wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd... sfpd. harmed ruthless tactics speak meet rights.. threaten you?rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.


rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtjournalist author chris hedges  speaking  occupywallstreet "the method left reform civil disobedience."  owsrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hrs jail & charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtchris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."chris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hrs jail &charged civil disobedience. 4 reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreetrtchris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."
hey bros   usdor?“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetneedsoftheoccupiers needed?occupywallst difference tunisian police dictature nd york police :nothing protecting richsrtfuck anthony bologna. punished  occupywallstreet .rtaclu ?know yr rights  2 re stopped police  immig  fbi   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdon bullying  absolutely sickening  sinister kids  parents?what demands...what want.. list wall street protest demands changes america  ....rtam  "this democracy looks like" chant symphony ears?  solidarity  occupywallstreetrtwhat cheaper  eating out?rtgreatgraphic cost fast food vs homertno excuse   youtube.com/watch?v=jyaa 3…       occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  nypd  brutality  thisiswhatdemocracylookslike  usdor  libertysquare  takethesquare  sept17rtwhat matter texas?rtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblyrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblyrtunfortunately whatever happen  zaccutti it. enforcing thr government respond  takewallstreetthe  nypd ashamed actions.  handle peaceful demonstration  they?rt"i don takes 2 imagination figure ppl doing wall street protesting"  occupywallstreetyou actually... people wrong financial system & governmentswhat am doing gun? doing one? i’m sheriff  statenisland  aliceaustenwhat am doing gun? doing one? i’m sheriff  statenisland  aliceausten
rt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtfixed link "the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet " arun gupta“city cellphone service begins underground 4 subway stationsrtrtrtrtit official occupy la begins occupation october 1st city hallcuomo begins process lay 3 500 gov. cuomo process lay 3 500 workers tuesday night afte...rtjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owsrtrtrtrtit official occupy la begins occupation october 1st city hallthe revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet   p2  ows  sep17  usdorrtjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owswooo im excited  rtmta begins subway cell service select platformsawesome rtmta begins subway cell service select platformsrtjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owsdear 8730  followers police hurting defensless people nyc  takewallstreet begins 9th day  follow news feed tell othersrtopen letter arun gupta wall street occupation revolution begins home   occupykc  takewallstreetrtcity wall street protest begins  demonstrators blockedrtoccupywallstreet begins  improvisesrt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtcity wall street protest begins  demonstrators blockedrtjust posted  "the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet " arun gupta bit.ly/pewu1ortrtit official occupy la begins occupation october 1st city hallrtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises

bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  (cont)rtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.perspective bitch  try sometime  gotempathy  otherpeoplesshoes  nosilverspoon  occupywallstreetrtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardslmaoooooooo rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 ...rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardsum  morning. gold silver plummeting.ows  occupywallstreet  read  needsoftheoccupiersvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleaselol rtjah audi now?  rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.smh rtbk5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regards.assembly speaker sheldon silver suffers unaccustomed setbackrtdivers set sights sunken wwii ship laden silversilverfish  novella  urban  noir  transgressive  lovecraft  tentacles  resistance  conspiracy  occupywallstreet  pdxsilverfish  free  dark  literary  fiction  ebook masterful writing cpon la52l  occupywallstreet  novella  pdxrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend.perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regards.“brooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  < fucking simp...swag rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.

nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1rtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters?  ny1 [video]     occupywallstreet  nypdbrutalityrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersbinary tradings.com nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1 york timesnypd silent p...braiden harvey nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1 york timesnypd silent pepper ...nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters york city police department commenti...nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1rtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetso 59th downtown either?rtcheckout.  accepting bitcoin.  protests downtown..nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters ... york stock exchange union square. police about...rtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters?  ny1 [video]     occupywallstreet  nypdbrutalityrt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreet

rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cageoccupywallstreet womens locked cage pigs nypd. shamertrtnic cage vampire? antique photo collector claims  based ci..    lmaothe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagebloomberg slams buffett tax claims  billionairecagematchfeed offness media equation julian assange  gilded british cage  [manual offable]feed offness media equation julian assange  gilded british cage  [manual offable]the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...the media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowrtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertgreat photo  usdor  occupywallstreet  sept17 protest nyc. caged bull.  jailbankstersjulian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe cage vampire ?rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage
adb news  prc biggest city tries green.rt"it’s biggest obstacles building powerful movement [...] own cynicism & despair."  occupywallstreet heregoogle biggest threat google  readpublic employees federation takes slap cuomo biggest public employees  union slap...google biggest threat google   nytimes.comrtrtoccupywallst getting biggest plug withexplaining cause tolive cnn.google  biggest threat? larry page google itself.world biggest sperm bank tells redheads don semengov. christie biggest backers urging run.   traveling us.stalking biggest star hollywood signrtwhat  america manufacture? biggest export?   debt &  war.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  sept17  oct6  oct6th   freedomi don understand isn biggest story america now.rtthe biggest happening local news probably isn telling  takewallstreet  mediablackoutgoogle biggest threat google   nytimes.com80 arrested financial district protest  wallst biggest bank heist history. arresting wrong peoplertoccupywallst getting biggest plug withexplaining cause tolive cnn.you re right..their biggest disappointment weren realeased time participate  dayofrage.  usdorgreat photos biggest story reported   occupywallstladder 2 engine company 6 engine 54. visited holidays biggest wish husband helmlet jacked...rtthe biggest happening local news probably isn telling  dayofrage  sept17rttrader  ows  kids apple computers   claims apple 1 biggest monopolies world  <  nyt angle
rtrtmtprecinct  typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetmtprecinct   posted typo.  718 520 3911  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetmtprecinct   posted typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreet typod tooflood precinct station. mtcall+demand protestors released 728 520 9311  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetmtprecinct   posted typo.  718 520 3911  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetmtprecinct   posted typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreet typod toortblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtprecinct   posted typo.  718 520 3911  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmtprecinct  typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetprecinct   posted typo.  718 520 3911  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetprecinct   posted typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreet typod toortblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rteuro zone death tripwe flag liberty square & liberated zones   occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  takebackamerica  usdor  october2011  antibanksrtat zucotti park  occupywallst withandwho wearing nike shirt. ad free zone  dude.rteuro zone death triprtkeep riding top     www.zoharme.com   graphic commentary lack vision    euro zone death triprtoccupylasvegas  occupywallstreet grouppage  likepage  google+… (cont)rt"the  police  wrongside  occupywallstreet protests"rtwe occupy kids zone. bring family   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  takebackwallstreetrteuro zone death triprtoccupylasvegas   usdorgreat article. addedto cable package rtny times story @  nfl red zone channel"euro zone death trip  si algu politico europeo le hiciera caso krugmanrtoccupylasvegas  occupywallstreet grouppage  likepage  google+… (cont)rt"the urban life previously navigated ease toxic war zone." multiple chemical sensitivity  photosi love week prior  terrified wall street coming down. grip. rt… (cont)rtmike myers recycles jokes austin powers movies thoroughly repaired ozone layer.rtit  obama fly zone stop violence peaceful protesters  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  dayofragerteuro zone death triprtkrugman explicando otra vez por qué europa se va la m. sin que los políticos el bce actúen  euro zone death tripanonymous arrested protester account  s17  occupywallstreet  viarti wrote story ny times nfl red zone channels
rtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtorder pizza guys  occupywallstreet (212) 566 0006rtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nighters liberato closed  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiers
rtexcellent  occupywallstreet video  rtoccupywallstnyc  amazing video  watch   takewallstreetexcellent  occupywallstreet video  rtoccupywallstnyc  amazing video  watch   takewallstreetrtexcellent  occupywallstreet video  rtoccupywallstnyc  amazing video  watch   takewallstreetrtexcellent  occupywallstreet video  rtoccupywallstnyc  amazing video  watch   takewallstreet
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told torturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tort   video 50+ strong los angeles  usdorlosa  occupywallstreet  usdor  anonymous  sept17rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortoccupywallstreet rt50+ arrested caravan  netted&maced standing sidewalk [as told]rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tort150+ videos  occupywallstreet chronological @   sept17  ows  takewallstreet  bethenewsrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tourgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told to
rtwhy 100 teapartyers gather view msm uprising & 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectaclertrt"when 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectacle" banksters protected dc & msmone tidbit  occupywallst. organizers check desk accepting cash donations raised "around $500" yesterday.rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrt500mm sm farmers 3rd world starving due land purchases foreign inv   commodity trading & biofuels.  usdorrthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.cuomo begins process lay 3 500 gov. cuomo process lay 3 500 workers tuesday night afte...rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtcheap solar panels  rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 k…rtsep. 27   occupywallstreet by(featuring)   viartsep. 27   occupywallstreet by(featuring)   viathis feelings. sleeping park 500 people. sweet dreams  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtoccupywallstreet trending 2 500 tweets hour monday morning. funny didn it.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet500mm sm farmers 3rd world starving due land purchases foreign inv   commodity trading & biofuels.  usdorrt"when 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectacle" banksters protected dc & msm5000 watching live stream  occupywallstreet    globalrevolutionmoved 500 biz/design/travel books office home  read home libraries us.thanks 500+ followers   1 000+ tweets giving uncensored truth   occupywallstreet focus   takewallstreetrtchicago help  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago aloneows  takewallstreet
greece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousoccupywallstreet  globalrevolutionwatching globalrevolution  viaoccupywallstreetrtpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution livedoes. www.livestream.com/globalrevolutionrtoccupy federal reserve minneapolis   usdor  occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  europeanrevolutionis real  protest means violence expect nypd?     globalrevolution live>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viausdor  takewallstreet>>> michel moore <<< watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usador>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usadorrtwe re 600+ strong  riverfronttimes article  occupystl movement   occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  stl  missouriall support to15m  globalrevolution  globalchangedemands  occupywallstreet movement   takewallstreet  libertysquare  sept17  15o  globalrevolutionrtall support to15m  globalrevolution  globalchangertnyc sends love  libertysquare beautiful citizens that4  globalrevolution renaissancehad change list 4  ourwallstreet   called   2 occupy change due global connect  globalrevolutionrtthe nypd  obviously marching orders. doubt   occupywallstreet real now?  solidarity  sept17  globalrevolutionrtoped news teamsters report local joining  occupywallstreet 16   globalrevolution  usdor  democracy  icumi  p2rtlive stream da occupy wall street   & join    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet     globalrevolution startedrtuh oh   police entering   live  occupywallstreet    globalrevolution live
blog post  occupywallstreet  cornell west "don afraid revolution"   p2  topprog  usdor  owsblog post dr. cornell west  "don afraid revolution"   occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  digg  p2rtblog post  occupywallstreet  cornell west "don afraid revolution"   p2  topprog  usdor  owsblog post  occupywallstreet  cornell west "don afraid revolution"   p2  topprog  usdor  owsblog post dr. cornell west  "don afraid revolution"   occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  digg  p2rtblog post dr. cornell west  "don afraid revolution"   occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  digg  p2watch "tracy chapman   talkin bout revolution" youtube     occupywallstreet  occupydenver  capitol  weneedyounowwatch "tracy chapman   talkin bout revolution" youtube     occupywallstreet  occupydenverwatch "tracy chapman   talkin bout revolution" youtube     occupywallstreet  occupydenver  capitolwatch "tracy chapman   talkin bout revolution" youtube     occupywallstreet  occupydenverwatch "tracy chapman   talkin bout revolution" youtube     occupywallstreet  occupydenver  capitolrtsigns "compassion revolution"   "we winds change"     occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet  cdnpoli  occupycanadartmy tribute  occupywallstreet protestors  "what revolution"rt"every generation revolution"  thomas jefferson  author  declaration independence  99percent  occupywallstreetrtmy tribute  occupywallstreet protestors  "what revolution""rep. ron paul country ripe revolution"    ==>      start  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrtsigns "compassion revolution"   "we winds change"     occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet  cdnpoli  occupycanadartmy tribute  occupywallstreet protestors  "what revolution"a tribute  occupywallstreet protestors "what revolution"a tribute  occupywallstreet protestors "what revolution"my tribute  occupywallstreet protestors  "what revolution"
rtliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallst viart20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrtthank retweeted  occupywallstreet video. gone viral possibly censored. online social media ftwrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17i believe "merkin" tuesday column. anfirst.picked day out.rteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetoscars 2012 top 10 contenders picture nomination front runners picture...rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrtopen eyes  world. don peaceful protestors shut  rt7 cop cars waiting 4 usrtrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreertopen eyes  world. don peaceful protestors shut  rt7 cop cars waiting 4 usrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17she delighted . dont cars cos ihave mowse play  wlfrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetking abdullah saudi arabia women vote  drive cars
rtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops homert20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17be careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.ooh  ouch. care injured careful yourselves.rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> health care  safety net  (cont)rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersnyt "the price political gossip:"  sensationalism scare candidates?nyt editorial "president obama’s medicare proposals:"  obama’s medicare plan starting point.rtunbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street  ...  don care fed mercinariezrti didnt care  occupywallstreet  nypd captain deputy inspector anthony bologna pepper sprayed deaf woman blank :^(rtthank   chitownstandup rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet ..her mother dying & cant afford carea day for&. 2 nets fan actually care.  brooklynnets.if care  freedom check event country 9/11 occupywallst.orgrtthe world watching  carefull "killer instincts". police working.rt“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsevery patient carolyn & matthew bucksbaum thank hug patient carein arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s career
.((pats back)) day ll 3 rtmets fall cards  assured third straight losing season cbsloc.al/ow0jwnboston red sox continue slide al wild card race  yankees aj burnett ...nypd officer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorofficer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  policebrutalitypic cardboard cutout justin beiber front rep. mike pence office day.  uphotoirving picard prove mets owners  willfully blind  scheme collecting judge   york daily...dopey ebt vid booted youtube  mr. ebt  card youtube  either.rtred sox lose yanks 6 2  clinging wild cardrtsecond avenue subway project track  report cardrtoccupywallstreet occupiers concerned captain cardona. send bkgrnd info hav… (cont)boston red sox continue slide al wild card race  yankees aj burnett ... crucial boston ...rtcity cardozo  city top lawyer  details payouts $561 million lawsuitsdopey ebt vid booted youtube  mr. ebt  card youtube  either.havent guys maxxed banks evil credit cards yet? crowd bigger weekends only.  occupywallstreetrtviahandy palm card   demonstrating nyc    occupywallstreet  rightsrtwow wow. nypd officer anthony bologna playing victim cardoccupywallstreet  p2  ny… (cont)rtpeople fail  written cardboard floor  occupywallstreetrtofficer anthony bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  policebrutalityrtred sox lose yanks 6 2  clinging wild card  //clinging fingerfukin bumbs. rtmets fall cards  assured third straight losing seasonnytimes cards  cash. phone.
please update soon  terriblerttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.rtyou started glorious fire freedom soon warmth warm souls globertwill talk ga solution finish demands soon inshallah :)  takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstreet  sept17nyt "now  soon won’t:"  there’s trending faster phenomenon trending.rtserver upgrading. ll soon.  occupywallstreetrtthanks dropping michael  soon...  occupywallstreet  sep17  antibanks  usdor  usuncut  takewallstreetrtworld dont forget  occupylondonexchange... coming soon....  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupywallstreetrttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.you welcome. & hope visit soon.  occupywallstreetlooks ill trip pond fairly soon... coming with?busestowallst coming soon corruption day  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtrtworld dont forget  occupylondonexchange... coming soon....  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupywallstreetrtmust tosoon ve gone day miss itrtyou  occupywallstreet isn working? coming soon city near  ; )   usdor  powertothepeopleno wi fi connection street. contactwith help provide. videos coming soon.wtf nyc  nypd anti aircraft defense  submarines  "the ring steel" 2000 cameras soon 3000 nd morertthanks dropping michael  soon...  occupywallstreet  sep17  antibanks  usdor  usuncut  takewallstreetrtwill talk ga solution finish demands soon inshallah :)  takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstreet  sept17rtthanks dropping michael  soon...  occupywallstreet  sep17  antibanks  usdor  usuncut  takewallstreetthat wrestling mask bringing hot memorieswe hook soon. xo  usdofrage  usdor
rt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetin catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest s...nytimes adéu catalonia matadors   bullfight sold ban set begin  rest spain i...someone  "god bless  cryn." "nah. am foot soldier." rest   takewallstreet  occupyamericart  soldarity  occupywallstreetin catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest ...rtjust media team legal team. tons legal issues defend ourselves.rt  soldarity  occupywallstreetqueen nefer kitty expert makes dead pets mummies  pyramids sold separately   mummy  catrtsomeone  "god bless  cryn." "nah. am foot soldier." rest   takewallstreet  occupyamericawhy doandodonnell cover  occupywallst. sold souls wall street.  shameful  nasaringtones?  trump?in catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest ...pet care queen nefer kitty expert makes dead pets mummies  pyramids sold separately cagliastro ...mednews looking soldier  home damaged   physical emotional injuries suffered wh...looking soldier  home damagedwonder cops feel israeli soldiers~unbelievable protest footage~nypd drag girl street  viartnydailynews article detailing police brutality   soldarity  occupywallstreetfour syrian soldiers reported killed escape attempt   middleeastdtn russia adéu catalonia matadors bullfight sold ban set begin  rest ...
rtkeep  thousands usa waking efforts    takeourstreetrtthe  nypd blockade escort thousands march towards union square.  holy shit.  occupywallstreetrtnypd pens  maces unarmed female protesters  occupywallstreet broad daylight thousands watchingrtrtnypd blockade escort thousands march towards union square.    occupywallstreet   ourwallstreetrtrtnypd blockade escort thousands march towards union square.    occupywallstreet   ourwallstreetrtok tweets  occupywallstreet huge mural  troydavis pimpin bruckner eway thousandsrtrtnypd blockade escort thousands march towards union square.    occupywallstreet   ourwallstreetkeep  thousands usa waking efforts    takeourstreet&please don suppress  occupywallstreet   represents hundreds thousands us. spirit.as thousands leave libya  jobs  niger feels impact muammar el qaddafi economic catastrophe  plu...it necessary. apparently people power threatened thousands peacefu… (cont)rtnypd pens  maces unarmed female protesters  occupywallstreet broad daylight thousands watchingrtthousands people protest morocco  following call demonstrations february 20 movementnews hundreds  occupywallstreet day 1   butsaid "around 5 000" &said "thousands."excitingads   niger feels economic impact qaddafi’s downfall  libya thousands of…the japanese government killed thousands animals fukushima.  please protest strongly.rtrtnypd blockade escort thousands march towards union square.    occupywallstreet   ourwallstreetmax greece hundreds thousands force little avail  bankeroccupation.blackout  cnn  fox  msnbc ignore thousands  day  rage protesters   sept17  17s   usdor  taxes  pensionblackout  cnn  fox  msnbc ignore thousands  day  rage protesters   sept17   17s  usdor  taxes  pensionblackout  cnn  fox  msnbc ignore thousands  day  rage protesters   eu  sept17  17s  usdor  taxes  pension
rtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtcant believe msm ignoring this. rtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideart"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout.  occupywallstreetrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet ..her mother dying & cant afford carertthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartiwilloccupy bcause cant job willing hard  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrtyour little social media police cant stop  occupywallstreet  opshadow  ourwallstreet   un  eu  1urtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanidearteu ¿indignados?  la cantidad de desempleados en eu presagia un nuevo movimiento social  takewallstreetrtare talking  occupywallstreet   check thr podcast    usdorrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carertthank youfor helping corner. 1 percent cant ignore  occupywallstreet longer.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet
rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...rtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyoccupywallstreet calls 4 arrest / imprisoment serial abuser  nypd pig bologna  takewallstreet  libertysquarertmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetoccupywallstreetmama  mama noise cops shot girls boys.rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtif lives able  people warm stay temporarily recuperate.  needsoftheoccupiersrt"i ll understand arrest "for resisting arrest" gotta circular charge ever."  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstomc yikes  confidential; am rid gmail; apparently formhongkong trying break inrtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartoccupywallstreet shout awesome protesters  wallstreet  libertyplaza fighting world  join    sept17
occupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousrtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupierskeep date  generalassembly york city.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet via“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblyrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblyrtgeneralassembly starting  join   ourwallstreet  sep17rtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsbrother west  words thegeneral assembly  spirited & beautiful sign solidarity w/real folksrtrtspeaker harvard  ve peaceable assembly  100 cops congregated un… (cont)rtimportant  legal sheet | nyc assembly     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  povertyrt"people arrested speak ga.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassembly "rtnypd spraying women chemical weapons street disrupt peaceful assembly   occupywallstreetrtinspiring speech  generalassembly "this america. america"  occupywallstreetrtabout address assembly  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  twitpic.com/6rlgzjand potentially destroy world rtun assembly meeting impact traffic manhattanrtrt  demand resource based economy    occupywallstreet  generalassembly  sept17the future direction  occupywallstreet voted weekend     a99  opesr  usdor  generalassembly  ows  iwantgood luck  rton 1st  generalassembly 4   occupybeantownwish luck     theother99
rttwo nypd rookies $667k cocaine bust street corner broad daylight  arre..rtaround world 18 tweets     cain2012  blackout  occupywallst  nepal   kerbala  beatcancer  nyad  philippe  saudirtcain calls actor...not envy silently rtsurprise surprise shoking news putin run presidentrtcain calls actor...“surprise  surprise   shocking news   putin run president  ?? ????)))herman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racisti love cain rtcain calls actor...rtrtcain calls actor....is class act  mtrtforget herman cain. supporting  occupywallstreet.herman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistresponds liberal actor morgan freeman claim tea party movement racist   tcot  politicsmy fav on?caledonia  levee  cain tavern... ?  toptuesdayrtrtwall street market rallies nyc cocaine drought finally  occupywallstreetrtcain calls actor...herman cain stunning florida gop straw poll winnerrtcain calls actor...rtcain calls actor...herman cain  gop presidential candidate   hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtfires morgan freeman  insulting  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gop
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyoccupywallstreet calls 4 arrest / imprisoment serial abuser  nypd pig bologna  takewallstreet  libertysquarebronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards stabing. fdny 2nd alarm fire location.instant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ... dick weiss toledo footb...rtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasert6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradionypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...rtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychirtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetcalls presidentto send negotiators listen & act  occupywallstreet demands    nypd violencecall  economicjustice common cause workers  tea party  progressives  libertarians  greens  occupywallstreetrtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2“video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor  listen warning soundrttwitterswarm   media contact sheet call demand cover  occupywallstreet  =  p21  p2  news  lgbtto call ruthless  dirty cops "pigs" insult pigs.  nypd  worse wild boars.rtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychiim bout call  nypd theres kinda violence goin upstairs. ill posted actually respondflood nypd w/ calls em busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  libertyplaza  antiwar  antibanks
rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thankrtif human  1 20 chance american.  prisoner  1 4 chance american.seems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.i taught age police officers trusted.  occupywallstreet can...rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rt.and refuse cover  occupywallstreet why? reply & explain unless closet republican.rtwho else likes watching  takewallstreet police brutality videos/pics? makes proud american.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.u lots support & re spreading word can. stay safe  stay together. sending energy fm bangorrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.okay   ve can. rt"them"and this. true. rtthe principle source politics simple can. cant… (cont)
rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owscheckrtif re  occupywallstreet wish  check occupation near  movement grow last. win.rtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionusdor  sep24  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet   australiaiswatchingneedsoftheoccupiers note ups delivery address  check "donations" section  current list.  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers space close  libertyplaza store rains. bag check system suave.rtcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viawe invite check outcheck akoo fb thursday exclusive announcementrtsound permit submitted. check.  nypd drag feet it?  occupywallstreet  sep17check video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  viaone tidbit  occupywallst. organizers check desk accepting cash donations raised "around $500" yesterday.rtcheck occupation near occupytogether.org  oct6  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  antibanksif care  freedom check event country 9/11 occupywallst.orghey check updated supplies list   wallstreet  occupywallstreet  anonblogrtnypd chkpt pt 3 via"police checkpoint comm vehicles stop"  occupywallstreet  sept17“police crack  occupy wall street  protests york police accused of... ://t.co/n2944rxs guw  us”rt.check entry  receipt.  occupywallstreet ^aocheck video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viartanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version
rtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardrtvolatile dow drops 400  <~dow below 10 000.  ?rt 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtfact 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrt:mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreetrtrecognize women occupying wall street 4000 signed  1000 needed. sign   occupywallstreetrtfact 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtcall mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreetrtrt 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtat  ourwallstreet list?   forbes400 list    usdor  sept17  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtthere 400 million reasons  occupywallstreet trending twitter5 million civilians vs 40000 nypd contest .212 788 1400 mayor nyc.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtsickened  nypd brutality? mayor bloomberg office appreciate complaint (212)788 1400  occupywallstreet  owsrtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardrtwow  busted 4000 signers hour. lots  getmoneyout politics  add ...rtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardrtappears  ny mayor bloomberg complete coward  mayors office 212 188 1400 disconnected/blocked.  occupywallstreet  usdor  usfwdbronx *2 alarm fire* box3708  2400 johnson ave. heavy fire top floor 14 story multiple dwelling. 2 pt seri ...rtfact 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprog400000 jeep liberty s.u.v. investigated unwarranted air ... national highway traffic safety admin...
bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards stabing. fdny 2nd alarm fire location.construction 2nd ave. subway digs grave local businesesu/d  bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing scene 2nd alarm fire." 9:21:02 ampeter vallone jr york city council 22nd district chair councils public safety committee promotes police brutality  occupywallstwhat train 42nd 1st?  dipshitbronx  update  *2nd alarm & person stabbed* requesting  nypd scene & level 1 mobilization southern bvd & fordam road.  fdnybronx u/d *2nd alarm stabbing* fire marshals requested scene 2447 southern blvd forthwith.  breaking  nypd  fdny  bronx  nycour military slogan  1st harm  2nd win hearts minds. dat? scared?rttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrtbronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing scene 2nd alarm fire.rtbronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing scene 2nd alarm fire.rtkey media team arrested  2nd today. hang there.  usdor  nypdthat is:nypd respect civilians civilians exercise 2nd amendment right.twitter 2nd common news / local level. consider  original content support traditional news. p1021  trendsrttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrtthe  occupywallstreet protest entering 2nd week amid complaints scant media attention. povrtpeter vallone jr york city council 22nd district chair councils public safety committee promotes police brutality  occupywallstregistration 2nd annual hospital fire safety conference available“yankees  rivera sets record 602nd career save
rtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiers
rtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersrtdon rely media followrtrtpeople follow rtrtthere  occupywallstreet type events plannedrtpeople follow rtrtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersrtpeople follow rtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italylimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyoccupywallstreet "mtsusan sarandon stops wall st. protests  en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyrtdon forget live  occupywallstreet video feed broadcasting 10 straight daysrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyrtdon rely media followrtnypd helicopter seen flying liberty plaza  occupywallstreet.rtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyrtpeople follow rtrtdon rely media followrtrtthere  occupywallstreet type events planned
rtnyc protesters accuse nypd pepper spraying  roughing  denying food & water  vaseline ing eyeglasses  tauntingrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadparents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicide content tormenting buffalo are...rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtnyc protesters accuse nypd pepper spraying  roughing  denying food & water  vaseline ing eyeglasses  tauntingrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtnyc protesters accuse nypd pepper spraying  roughing  denying food & water  vaseline ing eyeglasses  tauntingsick. “teens continue taunt jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtnyc protesters accuse nypd pepper spraying  roughing  denying food & water  vaseline ing eyeglasses  tauntingrtnyc protesters accuse nypd pepper spraying  roughing  denying food & water  vaseline ing eyeglasses  tauntingcruel world...teens continue taunt gay 16 suicide  chanting  re glad re deadparents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicidehorrible     parents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicidertjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad ...hell waits “teens continue taunt jamey rodemeyer suicide chanting  re glad re deadrtthank you. re loved    *catapults love bomb*  dalefarmrtparents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicide"jerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re dead " sickus parents gay teen committed suicide  jamey rodemeyer  taunts continue death   nydnjerk teens continue 2 taunt 16yo jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re dead    via“jerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re (cont)
students  knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  study[edunews] students’ knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  studypew media study reliance outlets  york timeshealth insurance costs rising sharply  study  difficult constrain costs human need. $$pew media study reliance outlets television main source weather  traffic br...bats adjust range sonar  studymtaexclusive  inbattle study predicts 159 walmarts citysounds invasion  “ny1 exclusive study predicts 159 walmarts city based nationwide market strategyrtspiegel share traders more reckless psychopaths  study   usdor  occupywallstreethealth insurance costs rising sharply  study responses survey mercer  consultin...celiobusinessdesk pew media study reliance outletspew media study reliance outlets    celiobusinessdeskpew media study undead newspapers  internet share broad reach  tv owns weather  traffic  breaking news.its ppl don look rtmore pedestrians hit bikes  studydtn usa pew media study reliance outlets television main source weather  traff...i gotta study school classes study nypd test nd fdny testimpact insurance laws jobs  rtu.s. health insurance cost rises sharply  studyon education students’ knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  studyrtrtstudents’ knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  study via)is junk food cheaper?   nytimes.com 2009 study scripps research institute indicates overc...study inoculation science “wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threats
rtltp press conference start 10 minutes  libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armeniart????? ????????   libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenia  ltprtlibertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenia   ???? ??? ??????? ????)))rtlibertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenia  ltp press conference start 10 minutesrtlibertysquare  yerevan  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenia  ltp  ?????????? ???????????? ?????? ?? ?????? ????? ????????rtlibertysquare  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  ltp  ???  ??? ??? ??????rtlibertysquare  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition   ltp  ? ???????? ??????????? ??????????? ??? ??? ??.?????? ?????? ????? ??rt????? ?? ?????  ?? ????? ??? ?????? ?????? ?????????  libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenia  ltprtlibertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenia  ltp  ?????? ?????????rt?????????????? ??   libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenia  ltprt???? ??   libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenia  ltprtlibertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenia ??? ????????? ????  ??????? ????????? ?? ???? 10 ????? ??)rt? ?? ????? ??? ?? ??????? ?? ????? ??????? ????? ??? ??? ???     armeni  libertysquare  opposition  sksela  hima  sep30sharunakrtlibertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenia????? ???????????? ??????rtmanukyan president ank hour tv  libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armeniart???????????? :)))))  libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armeniartmanukyan speaks closed roads harun al rashid.  libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armeniart?????? ????? ??????? ???????:))  armeni  libertysquare  opposition  sksela  hima  sep30sharunakrtmanukyan speaks annekdots  libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenialevon speaks own shortcomings   libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition?? ?????? ??? ?? ???? ????   hima  sksela  libertysquare  armenia  opposition  sep30sharunak  rally  ltp
rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetgot word w/ cellphone ziptied (for 4 hrs) 12 person van 20 others.. held 7 cell hoursrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. via"a public mta bus ziptied "prisoners"  flag downright  owrellianrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreet
video manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleaseyep....no eazzzy  dude...=(i standardizing these... rt2014 super bowl logo unveiled; features gw bridge  snowflake t.co/uxxvpogeoccupywallstreet  occupywallstreet  occupywallstreetwill guys lease snows?what snows?bloomberg promotes  snowjob  unfollowoccupywallstreetfollowfriday2rtthe talk class war nightly news starting little skip step.  thefutureisnowcop friendly conversation five park denizens  nw corner park. discussing weather. cop wait snowrtboa suits counties suffering damage mortgage fraud.   jobsnow  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  brevardrt“police pen & mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   p2  occupywallstreet”  jobsnow  ourwallstreet“police pen & mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   p2  occupywallstreet”  jobsnow  ourwallstreetboa suits counties suffering damage mortgage fraud.   jobsnow  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  brevard“romer obama’s jobs plan deserves hearing   nytimes.com   jobsnow  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet“mtwall st protesters pepper sprayed rank officer vid?   jobsnow  ourwallstreet“if looks  nyc cop fired immediately.   jobsnow  ourwallstreetrtcops arrest husband n.j. wife slay   newyork  nycscrubs microsoft snowboarding health sciencejust rediscovered time oswego featured theand snow.  isitwinteryetis madroff affair popular music. glad people finally starting wake up.  occupywallst  reparationsnow
the  nypd ashamed actions.  handle peaceful demonstration  they?cop maced peace protestors identifiedoccupywallstreet actions justified?rtnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)nypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)rtdon forget   world watching actions  occupywallstreet stand fight uin spite look calm organized thinking co operating violent reactions...sweetrtnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)in spite look calm organized thinking co operating violent reactions...sweetrtqueens   robbery gunpoint liberty ave & 124 street.  nypd scene canvassing.  queens"rememberpeople country  watching interactions officers withprotesters. brutality badrtofficial  twitter  nypd ismake hear world actions  occupywallstreetin spite look calm organized thinking co operating violent reactions...sweetrtrtwashpo roundup saudi reactions women votertnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)rtnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)rtthe  nypd ashamed actions.  handle peaceful demonstration  they?there opportunity squash actions past week solidify...rtdoes nypd watching actions  occupywallstreet protest? silly  silly people ;0we cant hold nypd accountable actions few. trouble nyc cops amazingrtthe police’s actions suggested flip force trained fight terrorism   occupywallstreetrtdon forget   world watching actions  occupywallstreet stand fight u
occupywallstreetmama  mama noise cops shot girls boys.rtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreethuge ad bus stop girls 7th birthday 86th lexington bus stop.  uphotothingspeopledothatgetmemad pepperspray peaceful girls  occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nycrtthe women  occupywallstreet    youtube   fem2  p2  gogirlsrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtslow motion  nypd pepper spraying girls   takewallstreet  generalassembly  feedtheprotest  occupywallstoccupywallst girls maced speaksliterally sick stomach seeing fox news  megan kelly  usdor girls prolly deserved teargas. hvnt watched tv sincerteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrtjackpot hi srgnt. pepper sprayer  aka douche bag proudly hurts peaceful teen girls   1%justice  tonybaloneyrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetwhy nypd beating girls  viarteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreet
rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17.our  occupywallstreet live stream & runnin @  followfor accurate info  tnx  sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17excellent article.very accurate tells truth .needs sent msmrtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17usatoday overcome bogus corporate  bullshit accurately cover limited bias ?newyorkrtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17what  article  feels accurate picture  akp foreign policy  no?rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorone citizen vote dollarusdor corporate person hood.  1citizen1vote1dollar  1c1v1drttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentrtnypd sending police lower manhattan. tactical plan  watch  occupywallstreet livertthe truth usa dangerous country world human rights  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  dayofragerttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetvideos  america  takebackamerica  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtit shame re nyc cops garbage removal.. tight budget..  usdor  usdayofrage  occupywallstreetajstream continued coverage  occupywallstreet  usdorrtoccupy wall street  manhattan  tahrir square    international business times   sept17  takewallstreet...rtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorus protesters arrested anti wall street rallyrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetyears ago attempted  dayofrage. spanking dad  tried again.  takewallstreetrtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtus day rage portland  sept17 protest pics  cc
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarerti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetmeltdown   crashed world   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetpolice riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24video collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvictim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreeticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetwatch video      occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet   libertysquarertpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare
rtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardrtover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voicecongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speaknypd tells voice marijuana apply police  ...rtrtspeaks "we people found voice"  occupywallstreet  owsyou quiet weekend. voice needed.   occupywallstreetrtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment... occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdor  occupyseattle  p2  tcotcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakon tired hearing voice. throws head cacklesthat false impression cultivated media (tiny holdings media/defense/entertainment/sports empires) imo  usdortonight dr.we people found voice   (video)  occupywallst  speech ^wdrtrepublicans driving america economic crash  viaoccupywallstreet  connecttheleftrtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment... occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdor  occupyseattle  p2  tcotrtrtdr. cornell west   people found voice    occupytogether  ourwallstreet  cdnpolirtgopbags screw democracy hv politics win..so lie/suppress/redistrict order2 win   usdor  connecttheleftcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakrt<elizabeth warren expresses sentiment majority...call congress fingers bleed ourwallstreet.  connecttheleftrtyou quiet weekend. voice needed.   occupywallstreetrtsharing voices  generalassembly  communicating re inclined tousdori writing efforts voice. thomas paine 21st century.
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdor"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtrtoccupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement   occupywallstreetover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement  occupywallstreetrtthere operation interested. film police officers.  oppaparazzi  occupywallstreetrtsunsalutesrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtper court appeals 1st amendment film police officers public     occupywallstreetrtwho nypd officer?rtevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreetnypd officers peaceful protester concussion  occupywallstreet..   corporategreed  antibanksnypd officer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorofficer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  policebrutalityrtover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement
weight loss guru offers golfers help“this  occupywallstreet country wall street fills debt panel coffersweight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helptrump offers faint praise romney donald damning faint praise mitt romney monday   ...trump offers faint praise romney donald damning faint praise mitt romney monday   ...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rtisraeli panel offers plan ease cost livingin riddle mideast upheaval  turkey offers answertrump offers faint praise romneyweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...trump offers faint praise romneyint nyt mideast riddle  turkey offers answerrtisraeli panel offers plan ease cost livingweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rttribe offers hesitation.  constitution vague ambiguous.  stakes high.  conconcon  usdorthis  occupywallstreet country report wall street fills debt panel coffers   usdorweight loss guru offers golfers helprtisraeli panel offers plan ease cost livingweight loss guru offers golfers help

rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rt"now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life thre… (cont)rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rt301 west 125 st fdny beginning remove debris hand. ems treating 14 injuries bus. incident remains dwh.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.
rtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtif political parties fail  move beyond political parties.  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtsaudi king women political roleoccupywallstreet protesters form political party   listofdemands starting point.  freedomparty  libertysquarertsaudi king women political rolea political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...nyt "the price political gossip:"  sensationalism scare candidates?“saudi king women political rolein politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...fyi  eeuu gov. chris christie political fans guessingin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...rtwe don police "political security forces" ones dictatorships  ows  ourwallstreetrtsaudi king women political rolein pakistani media  u.s. target acrimony   supporters religious political party burned effigy o...rtsaudi king women political rolerally fight corporate/political "cyst"em.  occupywallst  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  opwallstreet  takewallstreetasklocal  vibeapp applications free tools political organizing    ows  ourwallstreetrtsaudi king women political rolerti hope nypd & bloomberg pay ultimate legal political price fiasco.   occupywallstreet don"t leave til changes.rtsaudi king women political rolertsaudi king women political role
patrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlin| sport| patrick makau sets  world record  berlin     nj dc uk gb kenya dw malawi nigeria ethiopia la europe tx{god him} rtbrooklyn 2701 ocean ave 2 people shot  1 aided transported serious condition. level 1 mobilization.rtbronx 299 east 158 st male shot bring transported traumatic arrest. crime scene ...gray matter smart cities byof nyu rudin center transportation policytwitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...twitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...rtbrooklyn coney island ave & ave 35 pedestrian struck  transported hatzolah ems ...thought blood. lovely  thanks. rt“manhattan 3 ave & east 86 st male stabbed transported...rtgreat article importance bike lanes city safer cyclists pedestrians  bikenyc  biketoworksmhrtbrooklyn greene ave male shot transported traumatic arrest. aided doa woodhull hospital. crime scene establishedrtmta assisted police transport protesters. thanks assholes.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetbilly beane hollywood  soccer sport w/inefficiencies benefit beanethat false impression cultivated media (tiny holdings media/defense/entertainment/sports empires) imo  usdorrtcitizen journos live tweeted days  occupywallstreet raise $9000 transport  extra goes  needsoftheoccupiersrtbrooklyn 268 cozine ave male shot transported serious condition. crime scene established.ffrtbrooklyn 974 greene ave male shot transported traumatic arrest. aided doa woodhull hospital. crime scene establishethis passportrtbrooklyn coney island ave & ave 35 pedestrian struck  transported hatzolah ems ...i wake 2this && 218 miss calls  ( rtbrooklyn 974 greene ave male shot transported (cont)
rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtit nice wake sidewalks heavily lined cops.  libertypark  occupywallstreetrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersnice article   occupywallstreet  antibanks  takewallstreet  ows  libertysquarertwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtrt0 actual criminals destroyed world economy arrested wall st. 100+ peacefu… (cont)rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtrt nice article   occupywallstreetrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99grodin oh baby  nice infant store day  mother holding he...rtokay ll heading home  tomorrow revolution  nice day  occupywallstreet  usdorrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99okay ll heading home  tomorrow revolution  nice day  occupywallstreet  usdorwow  wish nypd nice.  occupywallstreetrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtnoticed nice now? fucked union square.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99
rtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdori am surprised inwsj  "bankers  protesters  ones arrested on""i surprised aren people streets." piers morgan  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetlauryn hill sued allegedly stealing clothes  am surprised?  hiphoprtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdornot envy silently rtsurprise surprise shoking news putin run presidentrtrtwe flowers. surprise coming... :)  needsoftheoccupiers  takewallstreet  occupywallst… (cont)rtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdor“surprise  surprise   shocking news   putin run president  ?? ????)))rtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorirc.inydmedia.org  occupywallstreet growing growing. surprisertthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtpleasantly surprised thathas pulled  occupywallstreet  usdor videos yet.rtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtdemocracy attack ny. surprise city governed top 1%. citizen. dollar. vote.  takewallstreetrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll mr. romney won 51 percent vote str...

rtnot trying pick  teaparty 12 people straw hats automatically coverage  ourwallstreet 80 arrest. weirdherman cain stunning florida gop straw poll winnermitt romney wins michigan straw pollthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll mr. romney won 51 percent vote str...is novelty perry wearing off? herman cain wins florida straw pollcain stunning fla. gop straw poll winnerrtnot trying pick  teaparty 12 people straw hats automatically coverage  ourwallstreet 80 arrest. weirdthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll   politicsrtrtmitt romney won michigan strawpoll. celebrated true everyman ...no surprise  romney wins michigan straw pollrtherman cain wins florida straw pollno surprise  native son mitt romney wins michigan straw poll   york daily newsthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll mr. romney won 51 percent vote str...rtno surprise  romney wins michigan straw pollrtno surprise  romney wins michigan straw polllifestraw saves access clean drinking waterrtolbermann covers pepper spraying peaceful females protesters   policebrutality  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreetrtthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw pollrtoccupywallstreet won   takewallstreet  ows  occupywallst  endhunger  moneyisdead  postscarcity bust   fbno surprise  romney wins michigan straw pollno surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll herman cain  former chief executive godfather pizza ...
iran religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  francert1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17can story nycacc  newyorkcity annimal control kill policy changed kill shelter;rtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracyrtnypd chasing runaway horse  incident control  horse stopped @ 115th & riverside >only in.. guess happens everywherertrtjust desperate control people public opinion. mu… (cont)they planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergrtthe demand abstract bring lobby funded system controls world inducing fear  occupywallstreetrtshould nypd officers trained crowd control?rtthey planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergrtsupport  occupywallstreet family 2 move money banks. control main street  takewallstreetrt "resist corporate control & financial tyranny  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy  usmediafail"this act gov  turhed  ukofamerica  eviltory controlled  condemned govrti envy job nypd training crowd control excessive forcethere home =) lol rtnypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control.will " american spring "?  oilty controlled bigmedia prevent  own media   occupywallstreetrtcorporations = wall street = 1% controls 99% democracy.  back?  occupywallstreet  uador  sept17rtthese  occupywallstreet  nypd cops control peaceful female protestors penned street macedout control police occupy wall street protest  video nypd dragging girl streetrtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracyrta(nother) brawl control  queens  gop | york daily news
rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrt????nyc??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????ny?????rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtrtamerica 2.0 installation   12% complete ... (continue? y/n) yes ?????????????????????????  ourwallstreet  usdorrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet?????????????????????????????????…?ko?rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 5% complete ?????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdor  sep17  banksters .?cyberlaw? anonymous????????????????????youtube???? ??????????? ?anonymous threatens nypd alleged wall str...??????????????????????rt?????????????????????????????????…?ko?rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet??  ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????    ????????rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet
rtcatastrophic stability"catastrophic stability  questa piacera  molto ai catastrofisti...paul krugman    catastrophic stability inflation  deflation  euro.rtcatastrophic stabilityrtcatastrophic stabilityfinancial instability normal.   occupywallstreet  crisis  taxes  pension   debt  povertyfinancial instability normal.   occupywallstreet  crisis  taxes   pension  debt  povertyrtcatastrophic stabilitycatastrophic stabilityrtcatastrophic stabilitygerman inflation byebye € rtcatastrophic stabilitycatastrophic stabilitycatastrophic stabilityrtcatastrophic stabilitycatastrophic stability   paul krugmanrtcatastrophic stabilityrtcatastrophic stabilityrtgovernment independence stability comes decentralized structure dependence ppl. federalist papers.  usdorrtcatastrophic stabilityrtcatastrophic stabilityrtcatastrophic stability
rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycare paying attention?  occupywallst pretty fucking big. wake please. world moving....... you?yes..oppportunist cornel west..full cat left stairs & ain spilled milk..attention getting creeprtoccupy wall street – you’re outraged  you’re paying attention   >  <    occupywallstreetrtwe wont pander idiots  fools  trolls  sour individuals  looking attention. positive movement.  occupywallstreetobviously talk thanks bringing attention cause :)  takewallstreet  usdorrtnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)rtoccupy wall street – you’re outraged  you’re paying attention   >  <    occupywallstreetnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycok  don  occupywallstreet claim msm black anymore (in thanks nypd).  media attention?rtfollowfor idiocratic view  occupywallstreet pining attention & overtime.  usdorif haven paying attention protests unfolding dc week (and continuing...rtvery atractive  brave. doesn media attention will. ¡viva la revolución   occupywallstreet  sept17rtnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)i ll gladly buy shirt formally acknowledge folks deserve attention  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetdear  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  takewallstreet &  ourwallstreet .. stay strong .. lot paying attention.rtattention  houston    occupywallstreet town   follow spread word   texas  dallas  austin  sanantonio  tx  owspayattentionrtdear  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  takewallstreet &  ourwallstreet .. stay strong .. lot paying attention.
rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wupdate ppl arrested released safe   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cabincr3w  anonymousrtupdate ppl arrested released safe   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cabincr3w  anonymousrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtcan  occupywallstreet identify  sights...  anonymous  antisec  cabincr3wrtcan  occupywallstreet identify  sights...  anonymous  antisec  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtcan  occupywallstreet identify  sights...  anonymous  antisec  cabincr3wanonymous exposes  nypd pepper spray officer anthony bologna aka tony balony   cabincr3wrtupdate ppl arrested released safe.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cabincr3w  anonymousrtcan  occupywallstreet identify  sights...  anonymous  antisec  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrt99suregonna happy abc nyc doin this:to   covered? total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtcall mr. bologna  pepper sprayed innocent people? (212) 334 0611  anonymous  cabincr3w  occupywallstreetowsrtdox lloyd craig blankfein  ceo goldman sachs      occupywallstreet  cabincr3wowsrtemail banker goldmen sacks edition      occupywallstreet  cabincr3wrtrtemail banker goldmen sacks edition      occupywallstreet  cabincr3wrtcan  occupywallstreet identify  sights...  anonymous  antisec  cabincr3w
2thingsiknow   occupywallstreet corporate greed  takewallstreet government coruption. (in countries)  rtrt2thingsiknow<    don start stealing top trends?  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertyplaza  ows  occupywallstreet5700 viewers guy talking smart.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  2thingsiknowrt    whyikiva  2thingsiknow  that1friend  redhot  occupywallst  ows  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17  occupymn  ourwallst  anonymousrt occcupymn youtube  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  occupymn  peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rtrtrt occupymn youtube   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  libertyplaza   peoplealways  2thingsiknowrt occupymn youtube   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  occupymn   peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rtrt occupymn youtube   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  libertyplaza   peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rtrtrt occupymn youtube   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  libertyplaza   peoplealways  2thingsiknowrt occcupymn youtube  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  occupymn  peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rt..video people color  occupywallstreet  sept17  takewallstreet   latism  bwb  peoplealways  2thingsiknow2thingsiknowis straight  propaganda theis completely touch.  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrt occcupymn youtube  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  occupymn  peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rt..rtnyc assembly  occupywallstreet  nycga  taxtherich  fuckyougop  fuckyouwashington   fuckyouboehner  2thingsiknowrt2thingsiknowis straight  propaganda theis completely touch.  occupywallst  occupywallstreet2thingsiknow  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet tt2thingsiknow   spreading spreading   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  globalrevolutionrtstarting talking  takewallstreet &  occupywallstreet top trend hash too. fight censor .  that1friend  2thingsiknowrt2thingsiknowis straight  propaganda theis completely touch.  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtwhen talking  takewallstreet &  occupywallstreet top trend hash too. fight censor .  that1friend  2thingsiknowrtstarting talking  takewallstreet &  occupywallstreet top trend hash too. fight censor .  that1friend  2thingsiknow
rtsleep wellrtoccupymn october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  occupywallstreetpleasertjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owsrt official mailing list sign available. updates mailed directly   takewallstreet  takemn  owsrtwethepeople  occupyaustin  occupyphilly  occupyportland   occupymn  occupyseattle  occupysf  occupywallstreet  usdor    occupytogetherrtrt proud americartvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnrtthis  patriotism looks likert    whyikiva  2thingsiknow  that1friend  redhot  occupywallst  ows  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17  occupymn  ourwallst  anonymousrtlocation poll    occupymn  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  occupychicago  that1friendrt occcupymn youtube  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  occupymn  peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rtrtevent info released tomorrow  please chalk sidewalks  car windows  print flyers inform     takewallstreet  occupymn  mn  peoplealwaysrtjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owsrt official mailing list sign available. updates mailed directly   takewallstreet  takemn  owsrtrt occupymn youtube   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  libertyplaza   peoplealways  2thingsiknowwatch @ 2:00min  >  <     october2011rtevent info released tomorrow  please chalk sidewalks  car windows  print flyers inform     takewallstreet  occupymn  mn  peoplealwaysrt occupymn youtube   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  occupymn   peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rtrt occupymn youtube   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupymn  libertyplaza   peoplealways  2thingsiknow please rtrt official mailing list sign available. updates mailed directly   takewallstreet  takemn  owsrtjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  ows
rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartconsensus met designating shifts throughout night  getting vehicles sleep  occupychirt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viartforgiving student loan debt provide immediate jolt economy.   occupywallstreet  occupylartcannot  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla protests? help? spread news & watch live @rtmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthrtgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtif political parties fail  move beyond political parties.  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreet.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupyla  owseye  occupywallstreet   anonymousoccupylartthe silent majority getting message. tide turning. ll help channel discontent.  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet protests pictures    takewallstreet  occupyla  nycrtsan diego begin occupation oct 7  occupysandiego  occupationwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupyla  owslosangelesrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupyla7pm pershing sq sunday 9/25/11  occupyla gaoccupywallstreet  taxation w/o representationarticle  occupywallstreet protestors maced & arrested yesterday march.   occupyla
rturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtlawrence donnell  nypd brutality  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet "troublemakers wearing badges."rt.nypd badge 7432 legal charges pressed.   occupywallstreet  don buried.rt.nypd badge 7432 legal charges pressed.   occupywallstreet  don buried.rttroublemakers wall st wearing guns/badges & using pepper sprayofficer bologna perpetrating police brutality disgrace badge. world watching  takewallstreetrtlawrence donnell  nypd brutality  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet "troublemakers wearing badges."rtdear  occupywallstreet pls start badgering white shirt police officers tony baloney. pls pls pls.  ourwallstreeturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtconconcon    baker dranias convention sets procedures; provide run congressrtconconcon   question 4  learn constitutional experience?  question.rtconconcon lotta exactly incivility trying avoidrtconconcon    glenn notes "to organize people  organization."  usdorurgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtrtconconcon    annabel park proposes "second date" tea party & progre… (cont)take moment remember  nypd  pd humans badge.  antiacab  spreadthelovethey public officials.  nypd officers comprehend  shouldn wearing badge th 1st place.rtlawrence "...the trouble makers carrying pepper spray  guns wearing badges."  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  owsrttroublemakers wall st wearing guns/badges & using pepper sprayrtwe taking badge  watch  watch    occupywallstreet  opshadow
so gop claim 47% households pay federal taxes basically bullshitrtdear america  taxes 20%  food gas prices skyr...  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtcorporate media mayor bloomberg tv taxes rich  cops attack  occupywallstreet kids  sharedsacrificertmayor bloomberg doesn pay taxes    doesn warren buffett call (cont)rtdear america  taxes 20%  food gas prices skyr...  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreetg.e. paid 0$ taxes  3.5b$ tax benefitscorporate media mayor bloomberg tv taxes rich  cops attack  occupywallstreet kids  sharedsacrificertwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreetrtwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreetretired police/fireman lose pensions str. & 1% elite pay fair share taxes.the  nypd corporate police funded taxpayers money protect 1% don pay taxesi ll believe “obama unveil plan raise taxes richrtby cutting taxes rich  ve incentivized greed  return fairness? | | alternet   ourwallstreetwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreet.  sadly truth start money .. pay alot taxes.rtdear america  taxes 20%  food gas prices skyr...  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtthis class warfare. math . obama proposal raise taxes wealthiest americans.  quote  nytimeseconomy toilet   sept17  17s  taxes  pension  poverty  eu  dollareven  goldman sachs believes  economic  collapse coming  damned bankers. sept17  17s   taxes  pension  eublackout  cnn  fox  msnbc ignore thousands  day  rage protesters   sept17  17s   usdor  taxes  pension
rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetdear 8730  followers police hurting defensless people nyc  takewallstreet begins 9th day  follow news feed tell othersanonymousthreatening payback nypd hurting citizens today.... ll seeresponse...rtanonymousthreatening payback nypd hurting citizens today.... ll seeresponse...rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreethaving heart undocumented children hurting perry   immigration  dreamact  gop  teaparty  2012anonymousthreatening payback nypd hurting citizens today.... ll seeresponse...rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtall videos  nypd pigs brutally hurting people  occupywallstreet & likes  egypt &everywhere else earthanonymousthreatening payback nypd hurting citizens today.... ll seeresponse...rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtdear 8730  followers police hurting defensless people nyc  takewallstreet begins 9th day  follow news feed tell othersrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrthaving heart undocumented children hurting perry   immigration  dreamact  gop  teaparty  2012rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreet
rtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetfollowing  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info41staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas go21staid4  teargas  justincase go21staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallst1staid4  teargas >>> panic producing calm deal  occupywallstrtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rtper court appeals 1st amendment film police officers public     occupywallstreetrtnypd morphing military nypd claims passenger plane event terro...rtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtrtrtrtit official occupy la begins occupation october 1st city hallrtthe nypd searching 4 mother accused abducting 8 children  w/ 1st name.   fb
stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.<sulley360> called precinct.  occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chatrtbe wear masks covering block pig photo biometeric recordings mass arrests attending wallstreetbreaks heart watch  jameyrodemeyer story on. imp spread  itgetsbetterrr"brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm"rticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtso country sanction arresting protestors   occuywallstreetrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetyou report mideast protesters getting unjustly jailed report u.s. onrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm  brooklyn
rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetmedic team space (mylar) blankets > send ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street  occupywallstrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetlovely sent supplies ups store  118a box 205 fulton st  ny  ny10038 usa  occupywallstreet  wearethe99percentrtsend supply donations ups store   re  occupywallstreet  118a  205 york  york 10038.  ourwallstreet  vote ccrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers send supplies  occupywallstreet ups store re occupy wall street 118a fulton st.  205 york  ny 10038rtrtto support  occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall streetrtlovely sent supplies ups store  118a box 205 fulton st  ny  ny10038 usa  occupywallstreet  wearethe99percentmtto send  occupywallstreet send  occupy wall street 118a fulton st. box205 york ny 10038  owsnewsrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetshipping address finally poster ==  ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street   occupywallstrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtaddress ups store 118   205 ny  ny 10038 re occupywallstreet  usdor  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17rtrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occup… (cont)rtrtto support  occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall streetrtshipping address finally poster ==  ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street   occupywallstrtmedic team space (mylar) blankets > send ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street  occupywallstb suspended.  operate b/t coney island & 59th st;  shuttle b/t 205th st & 161st st
rtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtoccupywallstreet propane conversion kit honda eu200i generator. provide this?  usdorlauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes 2007 european tourrthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age bookrt"mace face" officer named 2004 protest abuse claim   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdornypd violated terms court settlement 2004 2008   occupywallstreet  courts  dsot  p2rtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdortwo hikers held iran 2009 u.s.a. american hikers imprisoned iran fin...rtrtows rtthe nypd tracks 2000 cameras manhattan. 450 wtc alone. fee… (cont)rtgood news flushing relatively recession proof  added jobs 2005.  queensrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtcheap solar panels  rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 k…6200+ viewers  occupywallstreetthe week pictures september 17 23  2001carlotta gall reports pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanslauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes 2007 european tourin 2009  25 hedge fund managers  earned  658 000 entry level teachers. reason  occupywallst.rtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdor
rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtnytimes hack  nypd didn publish n212 334 0611so tell police jobrtrtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300    phone i… (cont)rtrtoccupywallstreet  rtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300   ar… (cont)rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtnational lawyers guild  office phone   (212) 679 5100  takewallstreet  takewallst   occupywallstreetrtsee streets.  occupywallstreet  tomalabolsa  usdor  sept17  s17  p2. nb lost (877) 881 3020. arrested (212) 679 6018.rtnewyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 tell police joblolnytimes hack nypd  didnt  publish   212.334.0611 tell police jobrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall  mayorbloomberg  demand release media team marissa  flood office. 212.617.8000  occupywallstreetrtnewyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 tell police jobrtnewyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 tell police jobrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersanonops newyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 te...can intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcallat 212 691 6397 fuck covering  occupywallstreet ?rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrt:mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreet
rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.mtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers ...rtrtnypd pension bonuses threat. 21% officers trouble w/ mortgages. ...rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat. 21% officers trouble w/ mortgages.  joinus  occupywallstreet  solidarityrt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat. 21% officers trouble w/ mortgages.  joinus  occupywallstreet  solidaritynypd pension bonuses threat. 21% officers trouble w/ mortgages.  joinus  occupywallstreet  solidarityrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.the 21% nypd aren assigned  occupywallst. bloomie butter bread.rt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.
rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleaseimportant video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleaserthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)crack  occupy wall street  protests  via @ uk government doesn freedom speachrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)here  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)
suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadparents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicide content tormenting buffalo are...rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtsuicide bomb attack indonesia church injures 20rtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadnew york (cbsnewyork) — thursday marks suicide of rutgers fr...   lukewilliamsssick. “teens continue taunt jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadcruel world...teens continue taunt gay 16 suicide  chanting  re glad re deadparents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicidert"suicide draws attention gay bullying.   lgbt  equality" please rt...this breaks heartit real. rtbronx senator cause "cyber bullying" suicides charged manslaughter.horrible     parents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicidertjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad ...suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 ...hell waits “teens continue taunt jamey rodemeyer suicide chanting  re glad re deadarrest  occupywallstnyc  occupywallstreet 88 & 115. majority released @  libertyplaza :)uk six muslims accused plotting jihadist suicide attack 2 trained pakistan & martyrdom videos  ourwallstreetit poor taste air russell taylor armstrong (of ) marriage therapy sessions... committed suicide...suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22
“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtthe  walloflulz speaks truth america.  ows  occupywallstreet  libertyparkrtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtenlightened philosopher  cornelwest speaks. solidarity&rtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  takewallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnrtrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  takewallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtspeaks "we people found voice"  occupywallstreet  owsrtstepan demirjyan speaks   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rallyrtacc. wikileaks levon sells drugs arms  speaks wikileaks?   23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare
rtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtkeep protesting peacefully suppporting hard twitter revolution  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  ows  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet    peacefully assemble rights stripped us. abuse brutality stoprtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment..thank peacefully protesting behalf & & children & us.  busymomrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt1000s peacefully  occupywallstreet  join bowling green  nyc viaiwilloccupy  takewallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtkeep protesting peacefully suppporting hard twitter revolution  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  ows  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt1000s peacefully  occupywallstreet  join bowling green  nyc viaiwilloccupy  takewallstreetcorporate  media   coverage  occupywallstreet peacefully protesting corporations controlling govt  wonder   oh wait...  biasrtwhether agree  occupywallstreet  people protest peacefully getting arrestedrt90% believe acting completely peacefully. makes sense  are. (cont)1st amendment rights "peacefully assemble" violated byfornypdneeds educated 1st amendment "the peacefully assemble
“holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. nypd  "wtf?"  ows”rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsmt ows arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd wtf viartpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  ows"holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blks w/2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  wtf?  ows"rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertpeople streaming  peteseeger concert  singing "this little light mine". live   ows  occupythecirclertholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  ows
product public schools[edunews] education secrets principal   run school found bureaucra...catholic schools  convents properties block parishes struggle ... st. stanislaus shut y...rtsupport  anonymous  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  globalrevolution  sept17  tomalabolsa  oplighthousertrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtinteresting read parents preschoolers   delay kindergarten child’s perilas gangs move mexico schools  teachers     (via)rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtan school peer wrote    nypdviolence videos posted hop bus join.  sep17a law school fitness data obstacleswife trial hubby slay battered queens school secretary trial murder ex cop hubb...private school fights tutoring firm tactic followfor york breaking news headlines. riverda...terrible  isn it?“prosecutors school owners diverted money   newyorkcity”rtan school peer wrote    nypdviolence videos posted hop bus join.  sep17the federal government school meals nutritious  expensive (via)rt13% & students ready college careers unacceptable time  fixschoolsnyc.rtcity grades slip annual school progress report7 arrested alleged sat cheating ring island school viaparent trigger law parents real power schools fail  convert ... buffalo  school board me...rtplz  rtneed tweet love denver. obama tuesday school  occupydenverrtgops idea tax fairness? upay share & gov services  schools  roads  fire  police  etc  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet  gop
police brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarepolice brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetmedia silent police abuse /brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "thertvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestshame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  viaautofollow sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistannew york times...   ffrt?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreetrtover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voicebrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.com  sopranos afghanistan warrt"32 pictures police brutality  occupywallstreet protestsrtour own jeanne mansfield maced  occupywallst. read account police brutality (plus video)rtevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  nypd  brutality  thisiswhatdemocracylookslike  usdor  libertysquare  takethesquare  sept17“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”officer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  policebrutalityoccupywallstreet  police brutality  arrests  msm blackout   goo.gl/qqpo7  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  libertyplaza  mikebloombergmsnbc intense piece nypd brutality sunday       occupywallstreettakewallstreetrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viart.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  wallstreet   amazing atmosphere  ppl power  real stuff   sept17  downwithcorruptionrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet shout awesome protesters  wallstreet  libertyplaza fighting world  join    sept17rtoccupywallstreet orange nets  fun play little game tug  war nypd  strongerrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetwow real heros whats beating crap little babies?rtrip 2my little cousin kyanna  smh believe rtbrooklyn teen dies ...red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bosto...rtif girl play peter pan  ve played little indian boy life pi.rt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rtrays hope alive  beat yanks 5 2 monday night game little postseason tune the...rtyour little social media police cant stop  occupywallstreet  opshadow  ourwallstreet   un  eu  1urtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17rtthank support  occupywallstreet  sept17 won forget it:)rtoccupywallstreet thank germany  protesting solidarity  wallstreet   sept17rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17
7pm pershing sq sunday 9/25/11  occupyla gaoccupywallstreet  taxation w/o representationrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtoccupywallstnyc excited  denver 1st official  denverga 7pm tonight near  colfax broadwayrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"today  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtyes  denverga meets 7pm near  colfax broadway...water essential  needsoftheoccupiers  occupydenverrtsounds  occupywallstreet  generalassembly 7pm 2nite  libertysquare gonna in2 "demands" join   directdemocracyrtplz assembly sun 9/25/11 7pm pershing square  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtnice rtfriday  sep 30 critical mass  occupythestreets  nyc  7pm   libertypark  ccrt1st meeting  occupybinghamton tonight cyber cafe. starts 7pm  upstairs.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplz assembly sun 9/25/11 7pm pershing square  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtall invited  especially students hs 4 econ+finance  2 tonight 7pm  generalassembly. listening other.  takewallstreetrtplz assembly sun 9/25/11 7pm pershing square  occupyla  occupywallstreetrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtrtreminder    generalassembly 7pm est. guess ll largest yet...  takewallstreetrtrtcornell west speaking tonight g.a. 7pm. amy goodmanis here.  takewallstreet  owsleft coast coast  rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtoccupyla assembly tomorrow pershing square  7pm   occupywallstreetplz 1st official  denverga meeting tuesday  sep27 7pm following obama speech  denver  occupydenver  occupythenation
rtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetwhere you? reporter forhere.rtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet.where reporters talk middle east arab spring?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hrs jail & charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreettv reporter slams nyc police brutality  occupywallstreet (video)    opesr  a99  usdor supportthetroops @  libertyparkrtworld media summit beijing concluded hosted xinhua. looked "on job safety reporters." ap  nytimes  al jazeera reps.rtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nycrtobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.check video    occupy wall street msnbc reporter slams nypd   cops country ...  viartpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet
rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtdining family makes happier  adjusted teens   viasmall fixes self adjustable eyeglass lenses bring clearer vision poorbats adjust range sonar  studyrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustas california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustspirit democracy mechanical adjusted abolition forms. requires change heart     gandhi  occupywallst"the bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustget head start weekend. plan service adjusted subway trip tonite trip planner+rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustthank both.  lovely fit nicely.  amazingly short adjustment period   wlfrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjust
where ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests lol32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.(from buzzfeed)  nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.police crack  occupy wall street  protests  viartdigging videos added  wallstreet protests   occupywallstreet  nyc  takewallstreet  wallstprotestrtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsrthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & losertcannot  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla protests? help? spread news & watch live @occupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationfeels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet   arrests social media  violent protests  cops chaos.rtyes for&organizing nonviolent protests wall street.  enoughalready  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet protests enter 11th dayrtlive streaming coverage protests wall street.  media won cover  cover yourself.    occupywallstreetrt"32 pictures police brutality  occupywallstreet protestsmail| police arrest  50   occupywallstreet protests amid claims aggressive tactics    ourwallstreet usdor egypt ny|cnn| wall street protests enter 11th day    la egypt ourwallstreet usdor occupywallstreet ny nyc nj usa dw uk gb europertcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreet
help  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreeti support of.  ? is; change blood? don 99% wil… (cont)rt“all 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nyc”tax payer bailout banks "too fail" 99% austerity  bankster criminal arrests  reason  occupywallstreetthe american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksit tea party signs  occupywallstreet.  99%.rthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetrtrt   99%   1%      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtretweet tweet   feel  99% movement /  occupywallstreet    takewallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza    nycrtrtwe 99%  sept17 choose 2make peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtthe time 99%    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtthe time 99%    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtabc7 thanks coverage  occupywallstreet   please continue cover news behalf 99%  occupylartwe 99%. matter help out. time rise against.rtwhat  occupywallstreet need? people  people  people  99% apathy aside time people.  takewallstreetrtthink 99% people don $1m /year demands? again.  takewallstreetrtthe road revolution 99% uprising (recut maxkeiser.com version)  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtanyone post events craigslist help recruit locally? 99%ers check that.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   owsrtall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtfact 99%  sept17 choose peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  createnothatertrt   99%   1%      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  nyc 4 9
rtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtholy shit watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtupdate 16y.o. girl arrested taking pic protest earlier  affiliated protest.  occupywallstreetrtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtwatch  nypd drag girl hair protest. unbelievable.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet retweet.in  nypd favor getting msm coverage. don police brutality protest.rtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtupdate 16y.o. girl arrested taking pic protest earlier  affiliated protest.  occupywallstreetrt“watch  nypd drag girl hair protest. unbelievable.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtmisshas verbal vow silence protest.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet 1/2 ...seems undue force peaceful protest. plz investigate   nypd  wallstreet...rtyesterday  nypd cop pepper sprayed girls taking pictures protest. police brutality finest.  wtfrtgood nypd upping ante met kettling technique. expect similar london protest...? sick.  occupywallsttrying protest..... occupywallstand is..... own videos protest...i ve seen people disobey police orders...rtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.85 arrested  occupy wall street  protest. zivo  live
one citizen vote dollarusdor corporate person hood.  1citizen1vote1dollar  1c1v1drtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtdo expect corporate media report folks protestin… (cont)the american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksrtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracy9/24/2011 marisa holmes forcefully arrested  occupywallstreet   takebackamerica  nypd  antibanks  corporategreednypd officers peaceful protester concussion  occupywallstreet..   corporategreed  antibankswall street arrests / beat  occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  martiallaw  takebackamerica  antibanks09 21 2011 police forcefully grab   occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  mikebloomberg  libertyplaza"i breathe "   police shoving 10:30am liberty plaza  occupywallstreet   mikebloomberg  nypd  corporategreedpolice arrests morning 20th sep 2011 2  occupywallstreet   nypd  martiallaw  mikebloomberg  corporategreed  owspolice arrests morning 20th sep 2011 1   occupywallstreet   nypd  mikebloomberg  corporategreed  martiallaw  owsaljazeera coverage  usdor &  occupywallstreet mainstream media?[corporate censorship]   takebackamericasince dearth stories wall st. protests corporate media  try daily kos    occupywallstreetif tea party protestors maced  beaten  brutalized & arrested nypd  corporate media ignored story?  occupywallstreetrtnon partisan  occupywallstreet  usdor seeks removal unfair extreme banking/corporate influence democratic process govt4the peoplertneed2keep focus getting corporate influence govt.  lobbyist  corporatepersonhood  usdor  ows 1person1vote1dollar  occupywallstreetrtunincorporated people america  time rise  campaignfinancereform  ourwallstreet  ows  p2  usdor  tfy2thingsiknow   occupywallstreet corporate greed  takewallstreet government coruption. (in countries)  rtrthere list alec corporatertperhaps shouldn stop wall street. occupy corporate media hqs nyc?   connecttheleft  p2  p2b  p21| "wake corporate sheep  " understand  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  occupywallst
rt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrtnydailynews article detailing police brutality   soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrtnydailynews article detailing police brutality   soldarity  occupywallstreet rtrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrtnydailynews article detailing police brutality   soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreetrtnydailynews article detailing police brutality   soldarity  occupywallstreetsoldarity  occupywallstreetrt  soldarity  occupywallstreet
rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksprotesters arrested anti wall street rally dlvr.it/mwyyr  occupywallstreet  libertysquare  takewallstreet  antibanks85 arrested  occupywallstreet protest   takewallstreet  ows  antibanks  libertysquare  antiwarnice article   occupywallstreet  antibanks  takewallstreet  ows  libertysquarechant on? tomorrow  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  antibanksprotestors arrested  ows via  occupywallstreet  antibanks  antiwar  libertysquareflood nypd w/ calls em busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  libertyplaza  antiwar  antibankswall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   ows  antibankswrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanks  libertyplazaamazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  libertyplaza  occupywallstreet  antibanksunbelievable protest footage  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreet  libertyplaza  antibanks  corpgreed9/24/2011 marisa holmes forcefully arrested  occupywallstreet   takebackamerica  nypd  antibanks  corporategreednypd officers peaceful protester concussion  occupywallstreet..   corporategreed  antibankswall street arrests / beat  occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  martiallaw  takebackamerica  antibanksnyc    nypd  bit.ly/pjksfr  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  antibanks  libertyplaza  antiwaroccupywallstreet poster idea  mikebloomberg  obama sucking wall st. bull balls ~  takebackamerica  usdor  libertyplaza  antibanksvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please   takebackamerica  antibanksthis unsettling youtube.com/watch?v=mod2jn…  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  antibanksbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   antibanks  takebackamerica  usdor  owsmust & retweet   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  civilrights  antibanks  antiwar
rtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrt"no society history imprisoned people united states."  occupywallstreet  riptroydavisrtbest wishes luck  egypt  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  troydavis  libertyplaza  sept17“video  nyc  troydavis march confronts  nypd  occuppywallstreetrtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrtrt6 former georgia corrections officers stand w/  troydavis prison staff refus… (cont)rt9/24/2011  occupwallstreet police brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troydavis   antisecyes    rtrtbreaking   stay execution  troydavisrtwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdorrtpolice brutality tonight   video    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers pls retweet  wearealltroydavisrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrtwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdorwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdorrtwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdorrtwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdori in.   (  troydavis  toomuchdoubt  wlfrtrt6 former georgia corrections officers stand w/  troydavis prison staff refus… (cont)rtrtrtyeeeeeeeeeeeeeoooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwlllllllllllllll  wlf  justice  troydavisrtrtcall  troydavis district attorney larry chisolm  call 001 912 652 7308 fax 001 912 652 … (cont)"a dreadful week  barbaric execution  troydavis georgia." dreadful indeed.   (“rt++++what resist  troydavis execution final hours++++   toomuchdoubt”
rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtrip doritos rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsnyt op ed "is junk food cheaper?"  it’s myth chips cheaper broccoli. they’re not.rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsbig chips   ???rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrt"the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips“the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips  dip?rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsgod bless  rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipslol chips>“the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipscreator  doritos buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtr.i.p arch west  creator doritos chips. thanks delicious snacksrtr.i.p arch west  creator doritos chips. thanks delicious snacksrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtr.i.p arch west  creator doritos chips. thanks delicious snacks
wall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform   occupywallstreetrtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtpbs journo 9 hours jail & civil disobedience charge. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrtplz rtandare  twitterjailwall street  protesters vow fight jailed wall street protesters emerged cells sunday com...rtrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hrs jail & charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nycrtobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesryou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2

please updated. trying plan commute w/small children.rtoccupywallstreet ths us&the world pass on2our children.press button election day enough.nypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...rtoccupywallstreet ths us&the world pass on2our children.press button election day enough.rtyou don cause  win   stand children starve billionaires thrive  ourwallstreetdelay kindergarten child’s perilheycould comment brutal arrests peaceful people  including children   occupywallstreet?first prize  child  somalia  ak 47rtare children teaching kids bad words?rtthe nypd searching 4 mother accused abducting 8 children  w/ 1st name.   fbsearch continues 8 missing children  parents | video | 7online.com nypd searching m...    ammelliartoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtoccupywallstreet ths us&the world pass on2our children.press button election day enough.rtinteresting read parents preschoolers   delay kindergarten child’s peril.thank peacefully protesting behalf & & children & us.  busymomrtnypd officers world watching. importantly  children watching.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdoredl child bride recallrtdelay kindergarten child’s perilnypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...nypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...rtnypd disgusting  police blocking netting father pushing child baby stroller   occupywallstreet

rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinnypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...rtthe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallstrtthe candles arrived   re lighting park  join vigil   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtunconfirmed reports 100s people arrived overnight  middle aged people  unsure  … (cont)the paddywagons arrived   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy  viartthe mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreetcell phone service arrives nyc subway stations york (cbsnewyork) — cell phone service arrived th...the wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallstrtindeed  rti idea  occupywallst globally plugged in. arrived movement found familyrtthe candles arrived   re lighting park  join vigil   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtunconfirmed reports 100s people arrived overnight  middle aged people  unsure  … (cont)rtthe mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreetrtthe candles arrived   re lighting park  join vigil   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallstcell phone service arrives nyc subway stations york (cbsnewyork) — cell phone service arrived th..."cops arrived sprayed psycho fire extinguisher."the paddywagons arrived   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyal jazeera english arrived  occupywallstreetrtrtthe candles arrived   re lighting park  join vigil   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentrtoccupywallst woman arrested bloodied peaceable assembly usa   conconcon  usdor  takewallstreetmtwho live tweeting  conconcon  conference constitutional conventio… (cont)rtkeynote  conconcon start. peeps w/ pen&pape… (cont)rtconconcon agendartmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentwill live tweeting this?  conconconmtwho live tweeting  conconcon  conference constitutional conventio… (cont)rt"we runaway government"  conconcon nick draniasrtwe re live  conconcon webcast  view  tweet questions hashtagrttext federalist no. 85   usdor  conconconrttribe offers hesitation.  constitution vague ambiguous.  stakes high.  conconcon  usdorrthis commentary reminds aristotle.  bad laws changed.  erodes law.  conconcon  usdorusdor rtconconcon stakes doing nothingrtat  conconcon constitutional conference   live conconcon.org watch live streamrtconconcon    baker dranias convention sets procedures; provide run congressrtconconcon   question 4  learn constitutional experience?  question.rtconconcon lotta exactly incivility trying avoidrtquestioner idea runaway convention stops reps matter.   conconcon  usdorquicktime streaming  conconcon godawful.  livestream?summary/faq  conconcon
hit  ourwallstreet shit together. ima chill & catchup chores & irl shitrtnypd chief police plane   9newscheck video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  vianyt ubs chief executive oswald j. grübel resigned  "rogue trading" scandal cost swiss bank $2.3 billion.thefts electronic devices subways rise “it electronic devices ” chief monaghan  appearing met...check video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  viartsinking ship? obama chief adviser reelection 2012  titanic strugglenypd chief police plane    occupywallstreetnew post nypd chief police planelive coverage occupy wall street  call nypd police chief resign   prosecute white shirtsnypd chief    nypd planeff(via). nytimes public editor looks conflict accusation own jerusalem bureau chiefnypd chief police planertevery1 tweets w/  nypd instead tagflood news outlets reports unlawful police activity  occupywallstreetgood read "lagarde  imf chief  rocks boatunited hispanic construction workers chief  aide indicted charges ... melissa grace brian kates ...rtnyc police chief nypd airplanenew york’s chief digital officer seeks connect city public   socialmedia  marketingdigital99% call nypd police chief resign  white collar cops prosecutedrtnypd rpgs? (rocket propelled grenades).  police chief ability shoot airliner.  isn military job?
rtmr.this petition publicly recognize...  occupywallstreet movement.  sign itgood riddance. rttoday   day bull fighting barcelona & cataloniain brazil  weekly magazine "carta  capital" mentioned moviment. means it´s job  congratulationsinteresting ny times sunday magazine article: "the war insider trading market beaters beware"rtthe real billy beane. excellent piece nyt magazine. look brad pitt.t magazine photos moment | etro read post … nytimes stylet magazine model morphosis | flavia lucini emporio armani read post … nytimes stylevideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor please“the reader expects able buy it.” magazines begin sell fashion reviewrt:time magazine ignores wall street protests   fail  takewallstreetrtpoverty  women highest99percenters  usdordoing math poverty usathe time 25 sports movies (but don mention  takewallstreet) time magazine leader.time magazine ignores wall street protests   fail   takewallstreet@occupywallst acquired 500+  newbies wowrtthe real billy beane. excellent piece nyt magazine. look brad pitt.??????????????????????rt?????????????????????????????????…?ko?rtopesr dr?id german news magazine der spiegel reports  takewallstreet  usdor ...  /v  fss34  ch34rtproud adbusters canadian based magazine  occupywallstreet  libertysquare  wallstreetwhere iconic images coming  believe time magazine pic book  occupywallstreetrtt magazine little dutch girlrtt magazine london design festival | wrap
needsoftheoccupiers note ups delivery address  check "donations" section  current list.  occupywallstreetnyt profile speech ronald reagan library  christie didn address speculation 2012 run prez.rtabout address assembly  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  twitpic.com/6rlgzjyemeni leader makes pledge step yemen defiant president addressed troubled nation sunday ...is obligatory 4 arab nations 2 address human rights issues highlighted western msm?  arabspring  occupywallstreetrtabout address assembly  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet twitpic.com/6rlgzjrthaha.is follow. roll addressing trolls hating  occupywallstreet.  ows  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet own address helpful donations.. inflatable mattresses.. come.  ows  needsoftheoccupiers  p2rtabout address assembly  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetlooks cb1 tom goodkind addressed crowd via.rtabout address assembly  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtabout address assembly  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers address  link  please   occupywallstreetthis. rtconconcon structural document  constitution address issues  no… (cont)rtrtwatchingaddress  occupywallst.   faces. "the ...us   occupywallstreet gains starpower some;actressaddresses crowd  takewallstreetwhat address send pizza/food to? tell to? thanksrtoccupywallstreet own address helpful donations.. inflatable mattresses.. come.  ows  needsoftheoccupiers  p2shipping address finally poster ==  ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street   occupywallstrtabout address assembly  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwe demand mayor bloomberg address assembly apologize occurred.  occupywallstreet occupywallst.org
rtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viartgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viartoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rt"individual bank robbery capitol bank  57 57 st 9/21 310pm 1 800 577 tipsrtcall  mayorbloomberg  demand release media team marissa  flood office. 212.617.8000  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viartindividual bank robbery capitol bank  57 57 st 9/21 310pm 1 800 577 tipsrtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet call ny attorney eric office 800 771 7755 cue thru "civil rights" leave messagertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarecall  mayorbloomberg  demand release media team marissa  flood office. 212.617.8000  occupywallstreetrtcall  mayorbloomberg  demand release media team marissa  flood office. 212.617.8000  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.
“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthrtrtokay. confirmed thatblocking  occupywallstreet trending    ourwallstreet  cdnpolirtrttwitter suspendedand blocking  occupywallstreet trending. vourwallstreetrtwow. yahoo  apparently blocking emails referencing occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  censorshipthat trendsmap australia   twitter blocking id site?rtrtrtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtrt ffokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtrtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtrtnypd disgusting  police blocking netting father pushing child baby stroller   occupywallstreetthe thatis blocking  occupywallst proof scared  wallstreet it.   owsrtrtokay. confirmed thatblocking  occupywallstreet trending    ourwallstreet  cdnpolirtrtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtduh. twitter doesn support terrorism. rtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupy… (cont)rtrtrtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtrttwitter blocking hashtag  occupywallstreet usa. look trendsmap bit.ly/q7ue0e  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetstop blocking  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet trending   grow peoplertwow. yahoo  apparently blocking emails referencing occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  censorshiprtrtokay. confirmed thatblocking  occupywallstreet trending    ourwallstreet  cdnpolirtrtrtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtrttwitter suspendedand blocking  occupywallstreet trending. vourwallstreeti debate morning  folks claim twitter blocking  occupywallst trends us
rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericamtpress release regarding  occupywallstreet arrests today. press conference 6pm.rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericanypd 2 arrest minimal marijuana possession    (rt)rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericarttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericarttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrttherapists ‘seeing’ patients online video conferencing popular therapists reach pa...rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartthat awesome     freebrad rtsolidarity w/  bradleymanning rally sw union square  9/23  6pmrttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadcornel west  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericart3rd assembly meeting 6pm city hall downtown la.  standing strong  solidarity withows  occupyla
rtif re  occupywallstreet wish  check occupation near  movement grow last. win.rtcheck occupation near occupytogether.org  oct6  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  antibanksall days besides cvs  grocery store  dollar store run siesta lunch nypd near chandler mall.shared message via ubersocialqueens overturned vehicle van wyck expressway near jamaica ave ...rtblog post  occupywallstreet protests coming city near   p2  topprog  digg  usdormets sweep phils r.a. near nick evans tumbling catch sixth inning  r...blog post  occupywallstreet protests coming city near   p2  topprog  digg  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupychicago  creative sleeping assistance.  vans parked nearby  $ hostel. ceding groundamerica future rallies near wall street  lend ear   examiner.com     occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstnyc excited  denver 1st official  denverga 7pm tonight near  colfax broadwayrtthe event 7:30 boston commons near gazebo. please join     occupyboston  usdorrtyes  denverga meets 7pm near  colfax broadway...water essential  needsoftheoccupiers  occupydenverrtrtj suspended b/t fulton st & broad st. broad st   4  5 nearby bowling green““last week  census bureau released figures nearly 1 (cont)china questions 5 south koreans detained near border north (nyt)ff & occupation nearest helpsupport revolution ~  needsoftheoccupiers via / food delivery near  occupywallstreetstaten island   person shot 350 vanderbilt ave near prince street.  nypd esu requested. condition victim unknown.  nycrtlearn protests near   occupytogether.org  occupywallstreet  occupytogetheras welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future  coming country nearmtabcd severe service disruptions pm rush hour due water main break near 110th
rtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtrttweet reason 2  iwilloccupy & top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreeti look forward imminent arrival vast herds wildebeest britainrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreet
huge ad bus stop girls 7th birthday 86th lexington bus stop.  uphoto<truehammer> dallas held oct 6th?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrti changed profile toplease spread word..i lots help organize oct 6thon oct. 6th  wearing clean suit dress heels  ready raise hell people  occupydallas  takewallstreet  usdoroccupywallstoccupywallstreet october 6th people las vegas gather protest  occupylasvegas  occupytogetherrtoccupysanantonio withoctober 6th @  thealamo stand solidarity withtakewallstreet  insolidarityrtrtattn  occupywallstreet medical emergency clinic 16th street bt… (cont)rtwe help  occupydallas   join oct. 6th   dallas  ocuppywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupyportland  join oct. 6th 12pm waterfront park peaceful occupation.  followfor date info.  usdor6th april & dream truewill  occupywallst  occupydallas 6th?rti organize occupyalbany oct 6th  intrested inbox mertccc released edition keeping track nyc children 96th street reason (via)rti organize occupyalbany oct 6th  intrested inbox mertrtoccupywallstreet october 6th people las vegas gather protest  occupylasvegas  occupytogetherrtattn  occupywallstreet medical emergency clinic 16th street bt… (cont)thank sir.  hope  occupydc oct 6th :) rtty keeping informedrti organize occupyalbany oct 6th  intrested inbox mertrtrtjoin october 6th occupation washington  dc.    occupydc   occupywallstreetto fight nefarious authority civil disobedience. stop october 6th 2011.  activism d.c. streets
there difference creating fear earning respect.  comes price other.rtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment... occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdor  occupyseattle  p2  tcotrtthank you&for creating watch piece  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment... occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdor  occupyseattle  p2  tcotrtthank you&for creating watch piece  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment... occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdor  occupyseattlethank you&for creating watch piece  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetthank you&for creating watch piece  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetfor creating watch piece  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet     yes  tyvmgreat insights andrew thompson proteus  creating culture innovation.rti like& crew don define themselves oppose creating world justice  occupywallstreetmtrtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment  occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdorrtmtrtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment  occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdorrti posted 23 photos facebook album "creating fairytale farm september 2011"rtedinburgh world heritage council teamed offer help recreating edinburgh … (cont)cb1 tom goodkind spoke ga  offering words encouragement.  gathered nearby  suggested creating noise curfewlook front page the"creating community world"   occupywallstreetoh  gee  guess 24/7 promote&isn creating  occupywallst trend  becauseofbeiberfeverrtivan marovic addressed  occupywallstreet assembly. spoke importantance creating symbolic places.rtmtrtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment  occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdorrtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment... occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdor  occupyseattle
herman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racist.is class act  mtrtforget herman cain. supporting  occupywallstreet.herman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistresponds liberal actor morgan freeman claim tea party movement racist   tcot  politicsherman cain stunning florida gop straw poll winnerherman cain  gop presidential candidate   hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtfires morgan freeman  insulting  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopman found naked  dead hot tub arkansas weatherman died  asphyxia  copsherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistis novelty perry wearing off? herman cain wins florida straw pollhating hippies hard  ain hermano? time burrito    usdor  ows  p2  occupywallst“gop presidential candidate  hits @ morgan freeman calling  teaparty  racistrtherman cain wins florida straw pollrtherman cain  gop candidate  hits morgan freeman 4 calling tea party  racist    tppatriots  tpe  teaparty  tcotrtrtthe sherman antitrust act break banks.  usdor  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racisttpot herman cain morgan freeman  tea party racist  |no surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll herman cain  former chief executive godfather pizza ...re elect obama?  gop2012  rickperry2012  cainiacs  hermancain  mittromneyrtherman cain  gop candidate  hits morgan freeman 4 calling tea party  racist    tppatriots  tpe  teaparty  tcot
rtunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtbologna name  nypd maced girl unprovoked  davids camera craft love  occupywallstreetmsnbc lawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’  occupywallstreet   p2  nypdthis >>absolutely owned  nypd unprovoked beatdowns  unionsquare  occupywallstreet   p2  usdorrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’ | raw replay  viausdor strongunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdnypd  unprovoked  peppersprays women  barricade occupy wall street protest   nypdpeppersprayswomen  occupywallstreetrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’  rtoccupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’ | raw replay  viausdor strongrtbologna name  nypd maced girl unprovoked  davids camera craft love  occupywallstreetrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtthis >>absolutely owned  nypd unprovoked beatdowns  unionsquare  occupywallstreet   p2  usdorrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’   occupywallstreetnypd  unprovoked  peppersprays women barricade occupy wall street protest | alternet  people inside bldgrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’  rtoccupywallstreet  usdor  p2
rtbill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentclinton obama tax plan speech albany   former president bill clinton declared stirring speech ...bill clinton president barack obama tax increases rich ...clinton warned federal deficit created combination tax cuts spending  comi...chew  food talk tough swallow tv style maven clinton kelly hosts informal round table regul...bill clinton president barack obama tax increases rich ...bill clinton president barack obama tax increases rich ...bill clinton ny futuremust read    whats economy  <     clinton obama tax plan speechrtwe urge force restraint violence  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  dayofrage  usabill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentrtyou guys ahead  occupywallst. ll cover bourbon st.rtbill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentbill clinton president barack obama tax increases rich ... kenneth lovett former presi...reality  tarsands  occupywallstreet  pleaseconnectthedotsrtyou guys ahead  occupywallst. ll cover bourbon st.? hillary clinton done?  (via)3billclinton president barack  obama tax increases rich york speech  viartbill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentbill clinton president barack obama tax increases rich ... clinton  speaking c...bill clinton cnn  occupywallstreet  sept17  p2
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertthe people  hesitant  nypd move in.   people   occupywallstreet  unionsquarertrtsome info cops penning people marching   unionsquare  oc… (cont)they planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergrtfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarert"2 livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. 3 confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestatertrtmtprecinct  typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetrtrtaljazera eng seeking video footage  occupywallstreet.  ourwallstreet  unionsquarertplz begin using  unionsquare. trending. rt"the police trying treat slaves  becaus… (cont)rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare7 días de  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ows  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare
rtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtbritney spears slammed london town  rudeness  filming music video wake riotsrttaxi driver london  england united  occupywallstreet   takewallstreetpennies funding circle  business lending site based london  rais...   finance  businessrtworld dont forget  occupylondonexchange... coming soon....  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupywallstreetrtonce  leave country truth us. london guardian  occupywallstreetrtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtrtworld dont forget  occupylondonexchange... coming soon....  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupywallstreetrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet  chicago 20 folks camping fed   eu  londonriotsecbrtarab spring  london riots ...  occupywallstreet decentralized internet.  podcast  soundcloudpeter pilotto illuminates london fashion weeki london ... france ... salt lake city stripping underpants?i london ... france ... salt lake city stripping underpants?rtgood nypd upping ante met kettling technique. expect similar london protest...? sick.  occupywallstoh...never heard carricks  wonder nippies? lyons  visit londonersrtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtlondon guardian ny media accused "slow mark cover demonstrations"   occupywallstvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasefears massive wall st social unrest sending jitters  markets.  london  paris  berlin  moscowfears massive wall st social unrest sending jitters  markets.  hongkong  singapore  tokyo  london
rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtdamp day  ourwallstreet. protestors survived worse coming stronger & larger numbers.rtlet love late night images coming   takewallstreet  occupywallst remind days tahrirrthow fall wardrobe coming along? options started shopping snapshots sept. 22   fashionmerchants country.   thomas jefferson (part 1 quote  2 coming)rtrtoccupywallstreet coming las vegas    ows  usdor  takewallstreetrtthe storm hit australia   change coming  alonefinally  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsrtblog post  occupywallstreet protests coming city near   p2  topprog  digg  usdorpresident obama honor 1985 chicago bears white house ... super bowl shuffle coming whit...““update police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet””rt"coming eyewitness news 6 n.j. burkett interviews medford pharmacy murder suspect david laffer."rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17praise  news nyers  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations"wi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations  goodblog post  occupywallstreet protests coming city near   p2  topprog  digg  usdorrtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17rtthe storm hit australia   change coming  alonertbbc speechless trader tells truth "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"      takewallstreet
rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtthis. rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverthis. rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtthis. rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtthis. rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverthis. rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtthis. rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtthis. rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverwhts new..rtred sox lose yanks 6 2  clinging wild cardrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreetrtthis. rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouver
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ..."it wail st" ny daily news front page     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"it wail st" ny daily news front page    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpolice riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24rtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetwe re newsrtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viartoccupywallstreet  foxnews. getting secret.rtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnews“romney pulls $1 million nyc fundraiser | york daily news    tcot  mitt2012  nygop”
rtiwilloccupy wall street b/c morning american flag  nyse replaced advantest®  flag.  sep17  occupywallstreetrtmore.  "nypd exposed".  video american flag.longtime l<3 gasden flag.  am anit fedarilist. + pretty damn sick getting stepped  1%you flag. american flag.rtrtoccupy la flag.   occupywallstreet  occupylaart  graffiti  streetartrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtoccupy la flag.   occupywallstreet  occupylaart  graffiti  streetartrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtat se  libertyplaza  20 people sitting knitting huge american flag.rtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtincredible. american hero; navy stands tear gas  holding peace flag.   occupywallst  owsrtrtoccupy la flag.   occupywallstreet  occupylaart  graffiti  streetart
day 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...rtoccupywallstreet orange nets  fun play little game tug  war nypd  strongerrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012"so cliche" rtjay christen  brooklyn nets  arena concerts   newyorkcityles jerseay nets se nomment désormais les "brooklyn nets"   watchthethronea day for&. 2 nets fan actually care.  brooklynnets.nypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012mtnypd blocked roads nets photos  /)   occupywallstreetu rightrtjay christen  brooklyn nets  arena concertsladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...woo hoo   rtvcitory  rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  owsrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtwall police  nets  lined east park trinity  occupywallstrtfromif nba season started...the jersey nets officially brookl...rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtdid  mayorbloomberg send c0ps nets corral american citizens? own class war?  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  antibanksrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtgood “media swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet”rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
change  proud trying establish changes.omc yikes  confidential; am rid gmail; apparently formhongkong trying break inrtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherplease updated. trying plan commute w/small children.rtthe media trying hold false move  portray negative view  ourwallstreet takingrtthree arrested trying protect belongings tarps. nypd unnecessary roughness.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet vid 2 folshouldnt guys looking 4 jobs opposed trying stop doing them? rtday 8  occupywallstreeti typically respect job guys  please don beating protesters. especially re trying hit you.stop trying ignore    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17please safe careful blue collar workers. people trying justice wall street.rtplz begin using  unionsquare. trending. rt"the police trying treat slaves  becaus… (cont)lol im argueing im trying inform. 18th  takewallstreet trended  ourwallstreet dayrtnot trying pick  teaparty 12 people straw hats automatically coverage  ourwallstreet 80 arrest. weirdrtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetheroccupywallstreet  bloodmoney   theyretryingtokillyourtgilscottheron trying truth... real revaluation occurs news  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  crowdsourceprotest crowdsourced  grassroots protesting. trying force particular mold kill it.ginia bellafante hates people & trying change societal order. judging   twitter followers..(1 2)all thank public  troll trying ?trying reverse chinatown post 9/11 slump followfor york breaking news headlines. m...trying reverse post 9/11 slump chinatown  jostling hub gems foot rubs followfor yor...

rtbrother word... protest  don stigmatized.  occupywallst coverage  sequel  madisonrtwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordbrother west  words thegeneral assembly  spirited & beautiful sign solidarity w/real folksoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <sage_> word (cont)we spreading word guys  faith     world watchingrti changed profile toplease spread word..i lots help organize oct 6thrtfree concert w/a cause>9.26.11benefiting hiv awareness withrtnypd brutally assault peaceful protesters "occupy wall street"  /viaeasily printableposter  print spread wordplease followand help spread word.  occupydallas  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetpls follow support spread word aboutoccupyamerica  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetcheck video    word @  occupywallstreet  viartare children teaching kids bad words?rtjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owspepper spray video  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet shown onthe wordphotoset peaceful protesting granny’s arrested despicable. words.  occupywallstreetone word video  occupywallstreet viaplease help word media sources york refusing cover  occupywallstreet help wake americawe pissing rich  motivating poor  please spread word  occupywallstreet effectrtspread word starting homeless unemployed tent city close wallstreet possible.  occupywallstreetgot word w/ cellphone ziptied (for 4 hrs) 12 person van 20 others.. held 7 cell hours

rtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdrtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdrtrtmtprecinct  typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdrtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdrtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdmtprecinct   posted typo.  718 520 3911  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetmtprecinct   posted typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreet typod toortarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdmtprecinct   posted typo.  718 520 3911  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetmtprecinct   posted typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreet typod toortfucknswag rt96 woman charged shooting nephew...rtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdman.. rtrt11 girl shoots sister head shotgun  playing csi  policertblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdrtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypd
rtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardrtpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution liverthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p25700 viewers guy talking smart.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  2thingsiknowrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers wr arrested nypd destroying economy? none. wr rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700brthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardrtword 700 people liberty park  occupywallstreet ll heading shortly.rtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardrtpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution liverthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet
rtchilling photos police protesters clashing  occupywallstreet.great photos & re cause  too.   : )life photographer wall street crime scene photos  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  viartrtrtwall street "crime scene  cross" (photos  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet via… (cont)pweiskel08 photostream link again. sorry   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet:( flickr month. upload photos.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreeti added photos  sep24  couldn them. :( space flickr.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmore reader published photos anti wall street protests  publish tweeting  uphoto hashtagphotos sen. gillibrand/rep. hocul cong. women softball game.  uphotodid capitalist camera? mtbusy posting  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet photos. 70 them.horrified photos police brutalityrtsome photos pbs correspondent arrested march  nypd  occupywallstreet”rti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtyou publish occupy wall street photos & videos straight article pageyou publish occupy wall street photos & videos straight article page     occupywallstreetphotos mamma lion rescues cub falling death stunning photos shot wildlife photographer kenya ...photos mamma lion rescues cub falling death stunning photos shot wildlife photographer kenya ...rt   photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photort  photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photophotoset peaceful protesting granny’s arrested despicable. words.  occupywallstreet09/24/11  photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet juan carlos hernandez
rtnetflix secures deal dreamworksfeed offness netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks  [manual offable]feed offness netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks  [manual offable]rtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworks   nytimes.com |  via twittelator padyes  finally movies ate coming netflix  “netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksnytimes netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksum...is smarter  netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks   wow.*secures tickets* rtrtjay headline concert barclays centerrtfema secures funding operate fiscal  taxes going?? failnew developments content deals netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksfema secures funding operate fiscalnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworks. time major hollywood supplier choose web steaming pay tvnytimes netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksnytimes netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksnyt netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks  "1st time major hollywood supplier chosen web pay tv."
rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   nee… (cont)rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetif people sending costumes  heres ideartanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreethey formerly corporate peeps business suits? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   nee… (cont)would love thousands anonymous costumes 4 halloween parade :)rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody  business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetseriously? rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes
rt:mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreetrtcall mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreet212 788 1400 mayor nyc.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtsickened  nypd brutality? mayor bloomberg office appreciate complaint (212)788 1400  occupywallstreet  owsapologies.  correct  bloomberg 212.788.3000  releasemarissa  arrested march. media team.  occupywallstreetrt"call mayor bloomberg 212 788 1400. tell arresting peaceful protesters & media unacceptable.  occupywallstreet"rttelefono del alcalde de ny 212 788 1400 llamale para exigir la liberacion de los detenido por  occupywallstreet ocupemos su linea  anonymousrtcall mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreetrttelefono del alcalde de ny 212 788 1400 llamale para exigir la liberacion de los detenido por  occupywallstreet ocupemos su linea  anonymousrttelefono del alcalde de ny 212 788 1400 llamale para exigir la liberacion de los detenido por  occupywallstreet ocupemos su linea  anonymousrt"call mayor bloomberg 212 788 1400. tell arresting peaceful protesters & media unacceptable.  occupywallstreet"rtrtsickened  nypd brutality? mayor bloomberg office appreciate complaint (212)788 1400  occupywallstreet  owsrtcall mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreetrtcall bloomberg  re arresting peaceful protesters & media 212 788 1400  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  revolution  collapse  debt  shtfrt212 788 1400 mayor nyc.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcall mayor bloomberg office 212 788 1400  demand immediate release peaceful protesters reporters.  occupywallstreetrt212 788 1400 mayor nyc.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease call mayor bloomberg staff respect 1st amendment rights protestors 212 788 1400  occupywallstrttelefono del alcalde de ny 212 788 1400 llamale para exigir la liberacion de los detenido por  occupywallstreet ocupemos su linea  anonymouscall bloomberg  re arresting peaceful protesters & media 212 788 1400  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  revolution  collapse  debt  shtfrt212 788 1400 mayor nyc.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtcensus five yorkers lives povertyproving writing  rithmatic essential. rtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census nyti.ms/nn9x1q““last week  census bureau released figures nearly 1 (cont)rtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusnew census data 20.1% nyc residents live poverty 30% nyc children live poverty  viareading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census reading  struggling city 88 000  country’s lar...reading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census reading  struggling city 88 000  country’s lar...rtrtcensus five yorkers lives povertythought read this. | reading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census“reading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census  reading? jesus thats random30% 18 rtrtcensus five yorkers lives povertyrtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census"reading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census  leftrtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census  <  damm sad ve actually b4 2 :(rtcensus five yorkers lives povertyrtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusrtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusrtcensus five yorkers lives povertyrtcensus five yorkers lives povertyrtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census
flood victims getting fed congress darlene swithers pennsylvania resident home severely ...thanks reading thertprattsville journal prattsville tavern forges ahead despite floods ruin nyti.ms/nxk7kertprotesters continue flood  wallstreet   sept17  takewallstreet  cdnpoli  ableg  uspoli  p2  p2b  endwar  endpovertyflood nypd w/ calls em busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  libertyplaza  antiwar  antibanksrtrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetflood victims getting fed congress ms. swithers congress set spending priorities  s...flood victims getting fed congress mr. golembeski offered sardonic fight brought...rtrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetrtcall  mayorbloomberg  demand release media team marissa  flood office. 212.617.8000  occupywallstreetrtevery1 tweets w/  nypd instead tagflood news outlets reports unlawful police activity  occupywallstreetrtrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetflood victims getting fed congresshmm  article flood victims getting fed congress.  imagine thatrtrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetcall  mayorbloomberg  demand release media team marissa  flood office. 212.617.8000  occupywallstreetflood precinct station. mtcall+demand protestors released 728 520 9311  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetrtcall  mayorbloomberg  demand release media team marissa  flood office. 212.617.8000  occupywallstreetflood victims getting fed congressrtwe flood lights  needsoftheoccupiersfyi flooding/nasty weather rtheavy rains causing delays airports; travelers urged check carriers
you flash mob lobby bank america buildingmn 8 av & 125 st. building collapse w/ victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ems req scene rush. 2 nypd rpt inj. /rtoccupymn october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  occupywallstreetpleasephoto anthony weiner picking nose rayburn hob building june.  uphotort. china  india building 4  coal fired power plants week.rtthe invade & win hearts minds people building roads bridges putting locals work.  occupywallstreetrt"it’s biggest obstacles building powerful movement [...] own cynicism & despair."  occupywallstreet herertmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  (cont)rtmanhattan:8 ave & west125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd esu & ems requested scene rushwoaa  rtrtmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly ...rtfwdbrooklyn ave & east 18 st car store front minor building collapse  serious injuries reported.rtnytimes residential building collapse delhi kills 7 broken beams mounds clay ...   world  news  nyrtmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ...rtrtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedrt (now )ahhh shit rtmanhattan 23 broad st wall street captain requesting esu 9 search building unkrtwall street protesters broadcast arrests social media  buildings arrest real thievesrtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedahhh shit rtmanhattan 23 broad st wall street captain requesting esu 9 search building unknown reason.rtu/d manhattan 23 broad st wall street captain requesting esu 9 sweep 2 buildings regarding suspicious person.illegal search rtmanhattan 23 broad st wall street captain requesting esu 9 search building unknown reason.october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymn
rtrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17““nyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17””rtourwallstreet  campaignfinancereform greedy politicians politics  p2rtone reasons  occupywallstreet speak ourselves & don corporate owned politicians speakingrttom friedman people economic crisis  politicians  election.im tocuz ilegal corps bribe politicians campaign funds job securityrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17rtthe 99% doesn $ politicians  level field.  ...rtobama bails bankers hell american people. useless politicians.occupywallstreet  p2rtwe permits voice opposition politicians corporations human rights  ourwallstreet  wiunion  p2rtcanada politicians riding fighter jets spending billions prisons capitalism tanks.  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpolionly 11 days  rtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.“we people” economic crisis “you politicians” election"  viartplease sign whitehouse.gov petition bribing politicians corporations illegalhelp leadership   “we people” economic crisis & “you politicians” electionrt"i’m convinced “we people” economic crisis “you politicians” election"great attn paid  wary letting politicians celebs hijack dilute cause.  occupywallstreetrt"i’m convinced “we people” economic crisis “you politicians” election"rtyour politicians representatives multinational corps buy     takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtpoliticians enemy power have.  fuckyouwashington  fuckyouwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtletter media politicians misleading law squatters  viasquatting
rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneedsoftheoccupiersplease donate tarps  milk crates  makeshift seats. concrete = coldnyt yourself real well. test  socrates.rtneedsoftheoccupiersplease donate tarps  milk crates  makeshift seats. concrete = coldrtneedsoftheoccupiersplease donate tarps  milk crates  makeshift seats. concrete = cold“can send milk crates storage bins kitchen?  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiers”rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneedsoftheoccupiersplease donate tarps  milk crates  makeshift seats. concrete = coldrtneedsoftheoccupiersplease donate tarps  milk crates  makeshift seats. concrete = coldrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneedsoftheoccupiersplease donate tarps  milk crates  makeshift seats. concrete = coldrtneedsoftheoccupiersplease donate tarps  milk crates  makeshift seats. concrete = coldrtneedsoftheoccupiersplease donate tarps  milk crates  makeshift seats. concrete = cold
rtrtchanging planes & ny. meet aft. liberty. //  iwilloccupyoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> protester changing (cont)nyt ed "tampering electoral college:"  pa gopers propose changing voting system partisan advantage.my mom counseling phone; wouldn t. times changing therapists ‘seeing’ patients onlinert.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdor.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrtamerican spring? rtdo changing world? tonyc  wnyrtdont complain rising prices  corruption injustice re willing changing  occupywallstreet  usdorguys  achieving demands changing constitution & acts try focus  electionsrt.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrtthere demands. protests. revolution  changing everything.ows  99%rt.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrt.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrt.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrtrtchanging planes & ny. meet aft. liberty. //  iwilloccupyrtthank muchfor changing usual stale debate dem v.s. repub real conflict wall street v.s. main street.rtthank muchfor changing usual stale debate dem v.s. repub real conflict wall street v.s. main street.there demands. protests. revolution  changing everything.ows  99%rt"the world change settle changing it" [quote] viaoccupywallstbecause changing rapidly.rthow technology changing  architecture? video interview robert stern   architecture
rtunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread this.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows pic.twitter.com/d6ym7rsnrtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtmtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread this.  occupywallstree… (cont)rtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrtunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread possible.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrtunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrtunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrtunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nyc
rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtrtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300    phone i… (cont)rtrtoccupywallstreet  rtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300   ar… (cont)rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreet?? rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us....rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300    phone i… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet  rtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300   ar… (cont)rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtrtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300    phone i… (cont)rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtif arrested  call 212 679 6018 national lawyer guild 212 607 3300 aclu. write yr arm ink  occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreet
tht lame embarrassed 2b team rtwhat fakers  rams claim giants flopped slow offensertwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtattorney  occupywallstreet  door slowly 4  takeallstreets  unity  usdor  persevere  p2 involvedrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtslow motion  nypd pepper spraying girls   takewallstreet  generalassembly  feedtheprotest  occupywallstsmall donors slow return obama fold frustration disillusionment dragged m...chinese economy signs growth slowing (nyt)rtslowly surely  occupywallstreet getting coverage  . bad re sneering protesters.rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginsmall donors slow return obama fold   tcot  tlot  gop  dem  teaparty hope change out.feed offness donors slow return obama fold  [manual offable]feed offness donors slow return obama fold  [manual offable]rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtslow motion  vid nypd gassing citizens   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  usdor  failedlaw  law  tcot  p2rtslow motion video analysis nypd mace deployment near union square september 24  2011   occupywallstreet  p2slow motion occupy wall street protesters maced / pepper sprayed nypd police  viartwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwhy they? didn bought time donors slow return obama fold
occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.com  sopranos afghanistan warnoisy crowd demonstrators former u.s. vice president   antiwar  antibanks  cheney  usdor  stopthemach2011in europe  outrage u.s. execution troy davis  “...a stain justice system us” ~ mr. badinterrtfox news demonstrators  occupy wall street  protest influence money u.s. politics   takewallstreet  usdornyt "tagline ideas u.s. post office:"  promote united postal service.rtin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.in pakistani media  u.s. target acrimonyrtyou u.s. experiencing bit civil unrest.rtand apparently  occupywallstreet happening england  u.s.two hikers held iran 2009 u.s.a. american hikers imprisoned iran fin...rtin front u.s. treasury? where?in pakistani media  u.s. target acrimony   supporters religious political party burned effigy o...rtnews u.s.  health insurers seek premiumsrt49% americans u.s. government immediate threat liberties   ronpaul  occupywallst  civilrightsbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistanbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos af...ny times art news bridge u.s.a. vs. italy/england zhejiang huamen cup   bridge continue look ...brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.comtwo hikers held iran 2009 u.s.a. american hikers joyful homecoming york sund...
rtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viartwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viartour own jeanne mansfield maced  occupywallst. read account police brutality (plus video)music review keaton’s ‘sherlock  jr.’ stephen prutsman score   review screening buster keaton’s 192...rtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viartnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 vianyc friends  ll live onat 4 preview  drconradmurray manslaughter trial. kill michael jackson? then“nyt reviews  googlewallet   claims europeans pay swipe mobile.rtrt5 banks account 96% $250 trill outstanding derivative expo… (cont)rtreamde   neal stephenson   book reviewread york times review  footloose fr 1984  rated pg strong language & sexual innuendoes.architecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesny times art news architecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules via verde  i...book review   geeks inherit earth   alexandra robbins   nytimes.com?????? paul mccartney’s ‘ocean’s kingdom’   reviewa contest supremacy — aaron l. friedberg — book review (nyt)rtthe ny times reviews afraid post blackness?  / type book ve looking lately.rtarts | jersey ‘much ado nothing’ river theater   reviewffrtarchitecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesrtmusic review ‘le jardin de monsieur lully ’ brooklyn academy music


rtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreet
rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "rr"brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm"rtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrti leave w/ this...goodnite.well paid crazy rtrti leave w/ this...goodnite.rtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm  brooklynwtf rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmahh nyc rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmfugitive  rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmforrest gump  rtu running cj?  rtfugitive  rtbrooklyn 360 adams st ...“brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm”rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm |lmaolol niice. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmmannn look ure girlis contributing ...lmao   >rti leave w/ this...goodnite.
rtplz help 4 public awareness stop  nypd thugs frm violating citizens constitutional right2protest   occupywallstreetso corprations ppl...time 4 citizens arrest  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  occupydallasrtand apparently  occupywallstreet happening england  u.s.rtnyc sends love  libertysquare beautiful citizens that4  globalrevolution renaissancertcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this.rtsaturday  sept17 citizens ashland oregon gathered front city hall solidarity  occupywallstreet protest  usdornew slogan nypd "mace peaceful protest"  citizens  takewallstreetrtin  libertysquare  occupywallstreet citizens regular meetings  called assembliesrtthis rtwhy american citizens arrested peaceful protesting teapart… (cont)rtdear police officers  please protect citizens ones fight   usdor  occupywallstreetrtthe tactics seen ignorance  slander  macing  arresting. failed epically. try tolerance  acceptance.  occupywallstreet  usdorrtbut ease  governments. insane crackdown freedom served purpose citizens awoken. sign times.  usdorrtdear presidentyou disappoint generation more.  people  you?  usdorrtremember follow  needsoftheoccupiers wish help somehow fellow citizens  takewallstreet.  solidarity stay strongsolution tweet none.   nsa know.  cisco  juniper  echelon sincerely  stupid citizens.  usdorrtsolution tweet none.   nsa know.  cisco  juniper  echelon sincerely  stupid citizens.  usdorrtdear presidentyou disappoint generation more.  people  you?  usdorrtwe officer lawsuit false arrest civil rights violations  occupywallstreet?we demand supreme court overturn ruling giving corporations rights citizens   takewallstreetyou doing amazing job  citizens america commend  occupywallstreetrtdear police officers  please protect citizens ones fight   usdor  occupywallstreet

rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrtthe truth usa dangerous country world human rights  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  dayofragert“if picture future imagine boot stamping human ever.”  george orwell  1984   occupywallstreet  bannedbooksrtif human  1 20 chance american.  prisoner  1 4 chance american.theother99  occupyearth call humanity reinstated fiscal systems.  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  owsrt"occupywallstreet violence... free?   bahrain  hypocrisy  humanrightsrtrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto nation   usdor please rthealth insurance costs rising sharply  study  difficult constrain costs human need. $$dehumanization= failure imagine lives lead. rtrt"occupywallstreet violence... free?   bahrain  hypocrisy  humanrightsrt9/24/2011  occupwallstreet police brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troydavis   antisecthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. column...is obligatory 4 arab nations 2 address human rights issues highlighted western msm?  arabspring  occupywallstreetroger ebert hero day...a frail human flaws indomitable passion spirit.rtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtrtlibya ~gadaffi loyalists escaping  algeria ~regroup ~collect arms~ return attack  ffs viartkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owshumanity. beautiful  rtpic day  libertyplaza night.   sep17  occupywallstreet
rtthis happening.   grassrootsbillboard  graffiti  occupywallstreet.rttea partiers funded billionaires interrupt "town halls"? media wall wall coverage. grassroots protest  occupywallstreet? silencertthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  crowdsourceprotest crowdsourced  grassroots protesting. trying force particular mold kill it.rtwho ya gonna call? guys.there  news happening  nyc..cover  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreet
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.keep up. world watching. rtoccupywallstreet trending world“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topproglots tweets/links otherwise. eh? know?  occupywallstreet isn trending list ny.disagree  search returning hundreds tweets min  current trending topics. compare.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtrtokay. confirmed thatblocking  occupywallstreet trending    ourwallstreet  cdnpoliusing twitter trends oh damn   beautiful  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetnyt "now  soon won’t:"  there’s trending faster phenomenon trending.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.we start twitter campaign allow  occupywallst trendrt"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout.  occupywallstreetfreedom communication lacking.why isn twitter allowing  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet trend?  communismrt(  occupywallstreet isn trending:) tyvm info..it perfectly clear.  takewallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtrttwitter suspendedand blocking  occupywallstreet trending. vourwallstreetrtanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreet
rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtbutthurt form for.  anonymous  occupywallstreet  takewallsreetrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwe surrounded  ows  occupywallsteet  takewallsreet  democracy  sept17  police  nypdiwilloccupygas station. ok bc  takewallsreet  occupywallst thoe afford 2 buy ticket. tyrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtthe bravest people  america  occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17  anonymous  ows  usdorrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17get country/state/city map    occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  usdor  sept17  takewallsreetrtwe surrounded  ows  occupywallsteet  takewallsreet  democracy  sept17  police  nypdrtoccupywallstreet safe stay strong. word spreading conduct amazing.  takewallsreet  ourwallstreetrt“rtoccupywallstreet protest spreads  losangeles  cc”  takewallsreet  ourwallstreetrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwe surrounded  ows  occupywallsteet  takewallsreet  democracy  sept17  police  nypdrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17demand  geithner resignation &  paulson indictment financial war crimes.  occupywallsteet  takewallsreet  sept17solomon burke   none free   occupywallsteet  takewallsreet  sept17

rtmonday announcement <>. rtjay headline concert barclays centerrtjay headline concert barclays centerworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...gray matter smart cities byof nyu rudin center transportation policyworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...nypd equipped planes ten sept. 11 attacks world trade center  police commi...rtpaul mccartney ballet wows lincoln center crowdfrom panic peace yoga chapter 24 nyt selling author book"learning breathe"rtmemorial sloan kettering cancer center warns tap water patient contract… (cont)rtrtrtmedia center phone vids police pounding ppl  occupywallstreet … (cont)barclays team  winning  rtjay headline concert barclays centerworld’s data centers expected grow  surveyrtdelay kindergarten child’s perilrtmemorial sloan kettering cancer center warns tap water patient contracts ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...here fam bam peep thisweigh s/fight staplecenter sept17.2011mov  teamboss/iconmusicnypd equipped planes ten sept. 11 attacks world trade center  police commi...weight watchers dedicates jennifer hudson center star ... weight watchers wasn honoring celeb spo...rti  rtjay headline concert barclays center  [me too]survey major expansion world’s data centersworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...
rt$42 mil gift u.chicago train docs compassionate/humble. love  cost much?rt$42 mil gift u.chicago train docs compassionate/humble. love  cost much?
patrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinnypd sued times left track record lawyers   yours.| sport| patrick makau sets  world record  berlin     nj dc uk gb kenya dw malawi nigeria ethiopia la europe txrtbe wear masks covering block pig photo biometeric recordings mass arrests attending wallstreetadvisor news   patrick makau sets world record berlinlivestream recorded  occupywallstreet bit.ly/nzptl4   usdor  takewallstreetdiana nyad stops short record setting attempt diana nyad journey cuba florida repea...rtit suggested pass  occupywallstreet band record sell live album.  id buy it.frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81 mr. driggs  writer  historian record pr...rtit suggested pass  occupywallstreet band record sell live album.  id buy it.rtus bankers set record pay bonuses   occupywallst  occupywallstreet  nypdticket fixing scandal nypd cops  recordingsrton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetlivestream recorded  occupywallstreet bit.ly/nzptl4   usdor  takewallstreetkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. freakishlivestream recorded  occupywallstreet bit.ly/nzptl4   usdor  takewallstreetrt2 hours  3 mins  38 secs. nytimes kenyan sets world record winning berlin marathondid this?  norm van brocklin’s passing record stands 60mr. ebt sets record straight  via www.nydailynews.com york daily news tracked mr. ebt  guy...rtbreslin rick perry record troy davis storyny times patrick makau sets world record berlin patrick makau won time 2:03:38  topping previ...
rtoccupymn october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  occupywallstreetpleaseoccupywallstreet day 10 occupations federal reserve branches beginrtoccupy federal reserve minneapolis   usdor  occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  europeanrevolutionbill max keiser gold left fort knox  segment fractional reserve currency &  ows  sept17www.puertochan.org supports  occupywallstreet  gritodepuertochan google  fractionalreservebankingrtrtrtwe legal help fast. owns sidewalk front fed reserve. polirtrtwe legal help fast. owns sidewalk front fed reserve. polino "federal" "federal reserve"..  "federal reserve note" written $? rti am tiredaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   usdor  ows  occupywallstreetrtthe fed reserve police told tents. wrong law.  occupychi  occupywallstwall st & federal reserve  stop committing financial terrorism   occupywallstreet  occupyallstreetsrtaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   usdor  ows  occupywallstreetrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet day 4cold & raining 4 days remain strong fed reserve corner lasalle & jacksonoccupywallstreet don occupying federal reserve?wall st isn sending money  dc thru fed reservertaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   usdor  ows  occupywallstreetrtday 4raining & cold 4 days remain strong fed reserve corner lasalle & jacksonoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnrtthe fed reserve police told tents. wrong law.  occupychi  occupywallstoccupychi camps midnight front federal reserve bank   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupylartmore supplies  people  head fed reserve.  occupychi  occupywallstreetrtbe careful tweet  federal reserve soon listening    /via
wall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viaday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvictim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetanthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...“video nypd pepper spray  force wall street occupiersrtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreet1staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallstrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtrtoccupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   occupywallstreetrtabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrtoccupywallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetbe careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.rtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersrtthe infamous nypd pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protesters   usdorwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtnote street medics liquid antacid  pepper spray antidote. don  it.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous   (cont)schools ‘scan still’ kids sneaking fewer guns knives city schools  nypd city depart...rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?do this? nyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneakingrtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?this alarming. “nyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageousrtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mr...rtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?
1staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallstnyt slide "road food  bad food:"  american road food highway plastic sameness.rta movie contagion plastic seatcovers nyc theaters fend bedbugs infesting trousersnah  "real saxon warriors" watb bit plastic? lol   edl  bnprta movie contagion plastic seatcovers nyc theaters fend bedbugs infesting trousersrtmetropolitan diary bringing own plastic seat cover moviesoccupywallstreet plastic cuffs feel? looked barnyard herding sheep orange meshgotta love plastic zipcuffs & orange mesh herding barnyard animals police vans  occupywallstreetrtplastic storage bins ones bed  (usually) blue ones?  needsoftheoccupiersrta movie contagion plastic seatcovers nyc theaters fend bedbugs infesting trousersa movie contagion plastic seatcovers nyc theaters fend bedbugs infesting trousersrta movie contagion plastic seatcovers nyc theaters fend bedbugs infesting trousersnytimes plastic  cash. phone.rt1staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallstrtplastic storage bins ones bed  (usually) blue ones?  needsoftheoccupiersrt"a line 50 19  26 olds handcuffed cheap plastic  wall  sitting down..."  usdorrta movie contagion plastic seatcovers nyc theaters fend bedbugs infesting trousersrtwow"did nypd crack hard  occupywallstreet protesters? yes 54% 46%"  srsly? vote“metropolitan diary bringing own plastic seat cover moviesrta movie contagion plastic seatcovers nyc theaters fend bedbugs infesting trousersnew bed bug paranoia   people bringing plastic seat covers movies
rtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetbe careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.rtrtas uniformed public servant  commend  occupywallstreet protesters  nyc… (cont)rtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtthe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallstrtprotest own halal truck now. occupywallstrt"bronx 2239 story ave pedestrian struck aided doa. vehicle fled scene. nypd hwy ais scene ai."rt"queens sutphin blvd & archer ave car hit bucket truck  worker fell doa scene. nypd hwy ais scene."rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17shit crazy rtbrooklyn paerdegat 4 st & paerdegat pedestrian struck aided pronounced doa hospitalrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtbrooklyn coney island ave & ave 35 pedestrian struck  transported hatzolah ems ...rtcity taco truck wins award mobile food vendors
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)rtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersneedsoftheoccupiers needed?rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreethelp  occupywallstreet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool. ride   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiershelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetrtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpierscalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...“video nypd pepper spray  force wall street occupiersrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreet
rtnypd chasing runaway horse  incident control  horse stopped @ 115th & riverside >only in.. guess happens everywherewonder running. mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse   horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.there home =) lol rtnypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control.rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stoppedget horse macho memorabilia john wayne items display n.y.fwdmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stopped 115  ...um rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse...incident control horse stopped 115 st & riverside dr.runaway horse?  slow news day eh.rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control ...fb mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse incident control horse stopped 115 st & riverside drlanguage police discrimination protecting kids?i <3 ny rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control th… (cont)ha  love nyc // rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse.manhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.sunday routine | mike repole mike repole  sundays racehorse therapyrtwhat thatmore smut? horsecock mouth ll consider it.  edlhorse leads police wild chase harlem african american day parade york (cbsnewyork) – ...hold  horse dead. kick see.right outside apt bldg...mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse. horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.rtrtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident ...rtnypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stopped 115 st & riverside dr
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17day 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetanthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreethey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetrtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtnypd pins  mace peaceful female protesters pls      takewallstreetrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotheramerican police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnell"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreet  occupychi  occ ...rtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2ff  occupywallstreet packagethanks peacert?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreet???????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? arrests peaceful  occupywallstreet  protesters continue. don   ourwallstreetrtinternal nypd rift aggressive tactics peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters?       opesr  usdor  a99internal  nypd rift  aggressive  tactics  peaceful  ourwallstreet protesters?  via  giabo  opesrrtrt  occupywallstreet day 7 marchpeacefulrtlegal info fr.  nlg  sept17 peaceful occupation  wallstreet   nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli“video awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest
rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99so  occupywallstreet shit storm ... fucking line..when god damn decisionsrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtbill legalize fireworks awaits cuomo’s decisionrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts & coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rttareq salahi wife decision leave journey neal schon cost her.rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rotfl rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nicertalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99
rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetcurrently living times massive worldwide finanical rape wealthy sociopaths.  occupywallstreetrtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protests   usdor   nypdthugsrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protests   usdor   nypdthugshere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrton busy news day  ny1 comes thru 4  strvd rtbrooklyn exhibit worldwide hunger   msfrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protestsmtworldwide  occupation events (currently 51)   /not_me/emancip… (cont)rtnew post xo99percent  list & info worldwide events.  occupywallstreet  solidarityrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protests   usdor   nypdthugskeep  represent worldwide victims mass corporate thieveryrtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protests   usdor   nypdthugsrtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protests   usdor  usrtoccupywallstreet trending 3rd worldwide.  twitter suppressing  wonder this?
rtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & losertmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthrtthe truth usa dangerous country world human rights  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  dayofrage“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthrtcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreetthe world believe americans actually truth  re zombies anymore:)  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourstreetrtyou didnt important. cover countless tea party rallies  nbc cover? truthfully?  ourwallstreetbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   antibanks  takebackamerica  usdor  owsbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorrtnypd mad? ve  police violence lifted news blackout  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet people powered movement democracy... vow monied corruption democracy.rtthe  walloflulz speaks truth america.  ows  occupywallstreet  libertyparkrtthanks speaking truthrtrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreetrtwatch (video) chris hedges power elite “very  frightened"   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreetrtwall street donated $41 mill supercommittee    occupywallstreet  p2  ourwallstreet   cdnpolirtoccupywallstreet hashtag   revolution formation | truthout  usdor   occupywallstreetthank telling people  truth  wallstreet  ff  nypd  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  cooks  liarsrtthis manifestation pure truth love.  force world stop us.  occupywallstreet
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousmichael moore live  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetamy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynow
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetpatrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinamerica yawns  world wakes up. salute america aware.meltdown   crashed world   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetgovs don’t rule world goldman sachs trader  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   p2rtwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.rti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rtworkers world  unite. lose chains   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  wallstreethave mega corporations world  law ? visit  share opinion.rtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  ourwallstreetrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  ourwallstreetrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarertvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringkeep up. world watching. rtoccupywallstreet trending worldrtwe  occupywallstreet world watches.rtthe truth usa dangerous country world human rights  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  dayofragertbe safe  civil  persevere & successful imagine & world  watches   takewallstreet  usdor  p2

brother west  words thegeneral assembly  spirited & beautiful sign solidarity w/real folksrtfree concert w/a cause>9.26.11benefiting hiv awareness withrtrtare children teaching kids bad words?photoset peaceful protesting granny’s arrested despicable. words.  occupywallstreetrtsusan sarandon pulls limo words  occupywallst   wasn corporate jet yachtrtobama ll waiting hear words encouragement  occupywallstreet ran hope change 2008.rtmtrttruer words wr nevr spoken  thomas jefferson dangers bankers   ourwallstreetrtfree concert w/a cause>9.26.11benefiting hiv awareness withrtrtsusan sarandon pulls limo words  occupywallst   wasn corporate jet yachtrt????? ????   dayofrage  takewallstreet  ourwallst  occupywallst learn greek words push steprtsusan sarandon pulls limo words  occupywallst   wasn corporate jet yachtonly sperm teach. amazing rtare children teaching kids bad words?i learned cus words kids. yea rtare children teaching kids bad words?rtwords matter. interpret shape society & country values. ‘economic security’?rtwe video. rtso apparently nypd denying tear gassed protesters yesterday. don words.thank jesus words inspiration & support. united stand  divided fall. hugs 2urtphotoset peaceful protesting granny’s arrested despicable. words.  occupywallstreetparis time beyond words.beauty  romance  wine food. restaurant report septime parisrtsusan sarandon pulls limo words  occupywallst   wasn corporate jet yachtrtsusan sarandon pulls limo words  occupywallst   wasn corporate jet yachtmta buses requisitioned  nypd earlier  unionsquare march mass arrests.  unfuckingbelievable.  angry.  words.
rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreetrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdor
rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertmtsome protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response"listening stories somalis left heart aching." ny times     somalia  famine  refugees  dadaabrtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertrtis hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids? lucid  powerful responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response“some readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response
rtrtmy video somali famine  reported dadaab   help"a paradise paradox"artist toyin odutola illustrates somalia op edfirst prize  child  somalia  ak 47the world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. column...nyt:to avert mass  rape &violence kenya permit aid agencies establish reception centres border.   somaliarton top famine  unspeakable violence somaliaon top famine  unspeakable violence mass rape       somaliawow. rtreturning somalia 20 by"listening stories somalis left heart aching." ny times     somalia  famine  refugees  dadaabafter 20yrs don  worse. africa (t.i.a). returning somalia 20gr8 column fromthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape.talented somali musicians writes ny times returning somalia 20   somalia  diasporartheartfelt  nyt piece toronto son homeland return. "everything  somalia feels abandonment."rtthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. columnrtmoving account  naan visit homeland  somalia  famine  drought  hornofafricartpoet  musician naan nytimes  beating heart story born mogadishu  somaliartk naan op ed in"a son returns agony somalia"   africamattersrtdreadful beyond words top famine dying kids  mass rape women/girls somaliaa humanitarian catastrophe   somalia   video york timesrtthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape.   vaw  somalia"but am statesman  nor soldier."    naan  famine  somalia
in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...what re reading fields propel americas top oil companies’ listsrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...city tech companies invest $4 billion york  cuomortcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...companies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackers
nyt "not smart cities:"  pegasus holdings build medium size town nm desert populated entirely robots.gray matter smart cities byof nyu rudin center transportation policynot smart citieswere switch roles week nc invade 4 cities plus  boa hq :prtwow  day 11  56 cities + 3 international participating  occupywallstreet accordingrtthewayiseeit square help  occupyportland solidarity  occupywallstreet join  occupytogether 30 citiesrt70 100 people ga organize  occupysandiego  35 cities now?  occcupywallstreet  occupyla  ows  ourwallstreet  revolutioni pretty anime kino journey smart citiesthe smartest cities embrace openness  randomness & serendipity nyt  viamy alaram clock sweet sound "siireen" mastroed york cities finest da "nypd" symphony no.1rtrt40+ cities join  occupywallstreet  next?? complete twitter guide:...rtoccupy nationwide twitter guide   40 cities strong growing   occupywallstreet  ows  sept17 oct6  ourwallstreet  p2not smart citiesif grow  reach bronx  harlem  queens  lyn... urban cities [cont..]good.  opnypd. rtin missed spastic tweets  major cities syria hacked ...rt40+ cities join  occupywallstreet  next?? complete twitter guidertvideos    america. phase1 done.  phase2 119 cities & counting   usdorrtheads  occupywallstreet  >> rtat 45 cities  occupy solidarity eventscomplete link list organizing cities  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetnot smart cities   nytimes.comrtrtmy op ed sunday s"not smart cities." nyti.ms/pxifje” <  read
occupywallst.orgthe zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rtour own jeanne mansfield maced  occupywallst. read account police brutality (plus video)one tidbit  occupywallst. organizers check desk accepting cash donations raised "around $500" yesterday.if care  freedom check event country 9/11 occupywallst.orgit hard nyc cop kid camera internet occupywallst.orgrt"please note occupywallst.net paypal scam. none donations paypal."rtrtfinancial times police arrest 90  occupywallst...   gfw  fuckgfw  vpnrtrtlive liberty plaza. 40+ nypd arrive.  occupywallst. unlike thu  cops look slightly...occupywallst.org    > peaceful protesters assaulted and/or arrested?occupywallst. horribleoccupywallst.org website tweets disappearing    globalrevolution livethe occupywallst.org site downin 2009  25 hedge fund managers  earned  658 000 entry level teachers. reason  occupywallst.rtan school peer wrote    nypdviolence videos posted hop bus join.  sep17rtwhere coverage  occupywallstreet? police violence peaceful protesters? ttps://occupywallst.org/props ny & chicago protesting favor of. watch via&...rta message occupied wall street (day eight)    occupywallst.orgrtwe support please donate spread word  www.occupywallst.net  occupywallstreet  takewallstreeta message occupied wall street (day eight) | occupywallst.org
rthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreet"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreet  occupychi  occ ...rt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable."  john f. kennedy  occupywallstreetrthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetpeaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable.  heyexpect usyou impossible sorts quietrt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable" nypd causert"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable."   john f. kennedy   occupywallstreetrtrt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable" john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetthose peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable   jfk  occupywallstreet  p2  nypdthose peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable   jfk  occupywallstreet  p2  nypdthose peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable   jfk  occupywallstreet  p2  nypdrthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetrt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreet  occupychi  occ ...rthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetrt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable."  john f. kennedy  occupywallstreetrt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable."  john f. kennedy  occupywallstreetrtthose peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable.  occupywallstreet live >>rtthose peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable.  occupywallstreet live >>those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable   jfk  occupywallstreet  p2  nypdrt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable."  john f. kennedy  occupywallstreet
“city cellphone service begins underground 4 subway stationsfinally  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsrtcall local tv stations  tell management call networks demand coverage  occupywallstreet     reclaimyourtvpraise  news nyers  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations"wi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations  goodits  bout time rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsrtis interviewing peaceful protesters @ occupywallstreet stations watchrtrtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsis water main break bad affect stations past tonight?rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsmanhattan parking meters replaced paystations; poles remade bike racksrtcan hear now? cellphone service available nyc subway stations mobile & at&t customersfinally     rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationscell phone service arrives nyc subway stations york (cbsnewyork) — cell phone service arrived th...cellphone service available handful underground subway stations; 30 ... pete donohue cellphone ser...cellphone service available handful underground subway stations; 30 ...“wi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations    (singing) "sweet baby jesus"no excuses  haha rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsrtoh? rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationscellphone service available subway stationsrtcellphone service available nyc subway stations mobile & at&t customers
the future direction  occupywallstreet voted weekendpossibility heavy rain weekend..   :(  needsoftheoccupiersi   twitter weekend following.  madskillz : )nypd plans extra patrols subway nypd ramping weekend patrols underground reverse recent 17...the future direction  occupywallstreet voted weekend     a99  opesr  usdor  generalassembly  ows  iwantfor complaining msm coverage  occupywallst  links weekendrtmsnbc "why nyc protest violent weekend  wasnt protesters fault ~ coming minutes  occupywallstreet  usdorover weekend now?all thanks amazing supporters  mtraised $750k past weekend annual  race4kidsyou quiet weekend. voice needed.   occupywallstreetmtescaping zip ties     occupywallstreet weekend.  usdor  ows  sep17congratson winning vendys weekend  cbsnewyork coverageexcellent reflection piece police violence past weekend    occupywallstreet  nyc  nypdrtdemonstration solidarity  occupywallstreet  condeming weekend police violence. fbook event   sep17rtfyi rt"no uptown 2 ave weekend. listed mta web sites.our own kristi service sister company  service firm  air gail shane past weekend....new york weekend solidarity dialogue. hope there.  occupywallstreetrtfor complaining msm coverage  occupywallst  links weekendthanks link  hope weekend  maybe ll bump there.rtyou quiet weekend. voice needed.   occupywallstreetrtthis weekend crucial hold square.  please @  libertysquare anticipate pushback frm authorites
rtliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallst viartdoesn  occupywallstreet worth covering till police roughed protestors."never greedy  law." wealthy  connected greedy people (gluttons).head ckhead nypd fox news megan kellys worthless father.nuff saidrtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtoccupywallstreet basement dwellers america gather bitch moan worthless art history degrees.media swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. / yep  town fools newsworthyrt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   owsrt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   owsin fort worth tx piece you. positive :d rtrtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rt“ women wallstreet  occupywallstreet”this video worth watching admire womenrtwatching modern day hippies getting pepper sprayed & beat nypd  hilarious.it funny20 hour train ride... totally gonna worth it.  ourwallstreet  wiunionrtoccupywallstreet basement dwellers america gather bitch moan worthless art history degreesrtoccupywallstreet basement dwellers america gather bitch moan worthless art history degrees.shouldn news worthy? rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet >>>rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   owsoccupywallstreet basement dwellers america gather bitch moan worthless art history degrees
rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtmtracey rtletter 13 york city councilmembers to(cont)rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rt 14 nyc councilmembers call onnot empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").   owsrtletter 13 york city councilmembers todon evict  occupywallstreet  owsrtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtrt14 nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").   pwsrtletter 13 york city councilmembers todon evict  occupywallstreet  owsrtrtletter 13 york city councilmembers todon evict  owsmtracey rtletter 13 york city councilmembers todon evict  owsletter 13 york city councilmembers todon evict  ows  ogga  occupytogetherrtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet| sport| patrick makau sets  world record  berlin     nj dc uk gb kenya dw malawi nigeria ethiopia la europe txrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetadvisor news   patrick makau sets world record berlinisrael upsets "palestinians" by...well  heck  *doesn t* upset "palestinians"?rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetsounds corrupt  sets doctors  pay   healthcare  reformrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. freakishrt2 hours  3 mins  38 secs. nytimes kenyan sets world record winning berlin marathonrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetmr. ebt sets record straight  via www.nydailynews.com york daily news tracked mr. ebt  guy...rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetny times patrick makau sets world record berlin patrick makau won time 2:03:38  topping previ...rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtnews   patrick makau sets world record berlin   nytimes.com kenyan sets world record winning berlin ma...»sets record straight  via www.nydailynews.com york daily news tracked mr. ebt  guy...
rtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorsather playfully guarantees win cup worst kept secret hockey a...the world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. column...rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.i wonder home employment accounted for? rtnew york worst commuting timenhl winter classic feature ny rangers & philadelphia flyers citizens ... worst kept secret hockey ...gr8 column fromthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. columnrtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.yay  rtcity york worst commuting timertthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape.   vaw  somaliartthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.this worst. rtcell phone service subway platforms starts week
just reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  readmsnbc intense piece nypd brutality sunday       occupywallstreettakewallstreetrtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdormy piece ny times sunday metro thertneighborhood joint| williamsburg: kcdcin fort worth tx piece you. positive :d rtha ha   tickets  ll swap ya gold clio mantelpiece thingy? deal?rtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorrtgreat piece byexploding ridiculous myth poor people afford fresh  nutritious food.excellent reflection piece police violence past weekend    occupywallstreet  nyc  nypdgreat piece nytimes wed ( read) 2 weaken power former oil former national security advisor robert chaha  nyt piece obama brightidea innovation hard hatif re  nyg fan  york times piece byonis missed  nice job  sam.rtgoing thom hartmann tonight  re mypiece onand mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtthank you&for creating watch piece  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetup 7 thanks nypd/fdny   again. :( falling asleep dad calls congratulate mag piece.  turnedfrownupsidedown.rtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorrtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorop ed piece mark bittman confronting myth junk food cheaper  um   actual foodrtrtrtgreat piecebyon  occupywallstreeet guardian   viagood piece friedman. help leadershiprtgoing thom hartmann tonight  re mypiece onand mass arrests   occupywallstreet
rtthe blue screen >> eli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player week:) rteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekpatti stanger continues offensive comments gay despite issuing apology   york daily newsrteli named nfc offensive player weekso extremely narrow minded offensive rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrtthe blue screen >> eli named nfc offensive player weekeli named nfc offensive player weekrttwitter admits editing offensive trending topics  plans  (cont)rthas blocked  troydavis trending topic  citing "offensive"  displaying  youknowyoughettrt"arrogant ignorant offensive" sound puff column.rteli named nfc offensive player week
rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetsept. 28  1924. sept. 28  1924  united army air service planes completed ci...the world watching asand idiots "represent" completely ignore   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhen nadia nazmin safe completed queens townhall / moved out.  homeless  occupywallst lolrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)here list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetinterviews mayor bloomburg mention  occupywallstreet ?  guys completely oblivious reality.rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreet*stretches* *yawns* rtcompletely confused   wlf  bagpusspls rttweets regardina ny news site lack coverage  occupywallstreet”loving itis complete  anon message   occupywallstreet  whynow  whynotrtrtamerica 2.0 installation   12% complete ... (continue? y/n) yes ?????????????????????????  ourwallstreet  usdorrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)2thingsiknowis straight  propaganda theis completely touch.  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rt* privatizing profit socializing loss  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywhere
rtrtoccupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   occupywallstreetmail| police arrest  50   occupywallstreet protests amid claims aggressive tactics    ourwallstreet usdor egypt nyrtnypd morphing military nypd claims passenger plane event terro...read ny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilread ny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilrt"mace face" officer named 2004 protest abuse claim   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2rtcamera "document  nypd misconduct  occupywallstreet protesters  cops losing jobs& paying claims  cc"tht lame embarrassed 2b team rtwhat fakers  rams claim giants flopped slow offensertcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rt"wall st vampires"/  occupywallst /  reclaim democracy  bp & hedgefundersyankees add woesox misery 6 2 loss day freddy garcia staked claim post season rotation ...occupy wall street reclaim future   occupywallst  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  pepper spray  officer previously named anti war bush protest claim  ourwallstreetrtcall local tv stations  tell management call networks demand coverage  occupywallstreet     reclaimyourtvto catch predator  occupywallstreet trend  twittercensorship  opesr  a99  usdor  occupychicago  endthefed  reclaimyourtv sister wivesrtrtnic cage vampire? antique photo collector claims  based ci..    lmao“nyt reviews  googlewallet   claims europeans pay swipe mobile.so gop claim 47% households pay federal taxes basically bullshitrtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?ok  don  occupywallstreet claim msm black anymore (in thanks nypd).  media attention?
roflmao "the exercises classified"middle class suffering sexy budget politics coverage greece  versions?nyt "class war action toys:"  play “haves” “have nots” own lopsided adventure."there class warfare. class  rich class  waging warfare. re winning." warren buffet  takewallstreetrtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.it class warfare oppressed retaliate.  occupywallstreetrtcity classroom james franco  n.y.u. film teacherwall street fuck middle class  occupywallstreet  usdorrtprinciples solidarity – draft | nyc assembly   occupywallstreet  owspoliticsrtit class warfare oppressed retaliate.  occupywallstreetrtwall street run criminal class   takewallstreetrttakewallstreet  america  class warfare now. act  beg later.rt6 rich waging class war american people  occupywallstreet   ows alternet.is class act  mtrtcity classroom overcrowding 10  unionrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto nation   usdor please rtthats  occupywallstreet that. jealousy class warfare.cringe. rtcity classroom james franco  n.y.u. film teachernhl winter classic feature ny rangers & philadelphia flyers   readnhl winter classic feature ny rangers & philadelphia flyers citizens ... worst kept secret hockey ...rtwhile teachers assignments class sizes rise  bloomberg wastes hundreds millions $ ...
patrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinrtfor billy beane  winning isn’t"there class warfare. class  rich class  waging warfare. re winning." warren buffet  takewallstreetrtgreat read... rtfor billy beane  winning isn’tstock market  738  occupywallstreet    winning     fade black  opesr beautiful  usdor  endthefed  a99rtfor billy beane  winning isn’twell good. kid  rtfor billy beane  winning isn’tfor billy beane  winning isn’tbarclays team  winning  rtjay headline concert barclays centerbarclaysssss.. love job     winning   rtrapper jay confirms barclays concerts“for billy beane  winning isn’tsebastian vettel won ninth race winning drivers  title  wit...winning rtsources rikers inmate stabs officers pencongratson winning vendys weekend  cbsnewyork coveragert2 hours  3 mins  38 secs. nytimes kenyan sets world record winning berlin marathonhell yeah   goyankess rtjust york yankees win american league east title winning doubleheaderhell yeah   yankees. rtjust york yankees win american league east title winning doubleheaderrtnews   patrick makau sets world record berlin   nytimes.com kenyan sets world record winning berlin ma...rtlife   memoir   roger ebert   book review chicago’s own pulitzer prize winning film critic  roger ...takewallstreet fox news footage = winninggonna   share  occupywallstreet  solidarity  takewallstreet  winning
rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oil“us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oiltrue ambassadors rtwoohoo+on ny daily news    dsma  diabetesrtthe lede    british ambassador begins blogging  syrian crackdownrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrt:us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilhell  "us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oil
rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thankthis lie 827 910 928 208    "yankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethrenrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestor… (cont)rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.nytimes yankee fans feel sympathy   red sox brethren   nowyouknowitsbad  fuhgeddaboutit  collapsertseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtwe do? news me. rtyankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethren
rtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viartrtexcessive force nypd sickening.  please stay safe stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtdon bullying  absolutely sickening  sinister kids  parents?they own freaking everything.  "rose bowl" "half time show".  sickening.  occupywallstreetiwilloccupy am sick bankers 100 millions 16% americans live below poverty levels  occupywallsteet  usdorrtrtsome info cops penning people marching   unionsquare  oc… (cont)unbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    usa  uk  cnn  bah  hrw  canadaunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    cnn  bbc  hrw  news  bah  gccunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    obamausa  ukrtso guy arrested felony assault police officer  apparently. rnc conventions.  usdorrtunconfirmed reports  nypd "getting sick" reporting work.  occupywallstreet  nyunionsick economy americans neglect health 48% americans skimped hea...rtnew news studio looks sick. window street; gonna hit ape  stume.rtnypd makes fucking sick.rtrtrtmedia center phone vids police pounding ppl  occupywallstreet … (cont)rtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flagrtplz begin using  unionsquare. trending. rt"the police trying treat slaves  becaus… (cont)rtunconfirmed reports  nypd "getting sick" reporting work.  occupywallstreet  nyunionrt"unconfirmed reports mace "?i call main for. emergency calls sick people disrupted precincts.major props thefor quick response. didn phone  feel little sick stomach.
rtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.rtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtconsensus met designating shifts throughout night  getting vehicles sleep  occupychirtneeds web designer asap  occupythehood  occupytogetherrtgps hollywood sign beaten pathrtagreed  seconded & cosigned  : ) rtevery day day  occupywallstreetrtpolice encroching protesters  demanding signs  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyit doesn signature. author enforcer?  nobodyrtoccupywallstreet demand police commissioner raymond w. kelly resigns.it tea party signs  occupywallstreet.  99%.rtevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreettoo failed inspired sign  occupywallstreet  usdor  draw365 painted image 145/365bbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   antibanks  takebackamerica  usdor  owsbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorif signers "declaration independence" 2day  be?  occupywallstreet  usdor  takebackamericabrother west  words thegeneral assembly  spirited & beautiful sign solidarity w/real folksnyt ubs chief executive oswald j. grübel resigned  "rogue trading" scandal cost swiss bank $2.3 billion.rt"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout.  occupywallstreetthis america anymore viral  shame nypd. call 4 immed resignation nypd duty  occupywallstin transit blog designblok  design comes prague
zing. rtjared bernstein "message"  occupywallstreet *not* difficult discern. is.gd/dnszsm  startwiththename
rtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtholy shit watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtrtthis disturbing shit. nypd female protesters corral  maces   occupywallstreetrtthis disturbing shit. nypd female protesters corral  maces   occupywallstreetdisturbing  graphic video images occupy wall street peace marchrtrtthis disturbing shit. nypd female protesters corral  maces   occupywallstreetcheck website. dns error. disturbingrtthe atlantic slow motion analysis nypd macing trapped women  occupywallstreet extremely disturbing.rtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rt“occupywallstreet rt:city room:videoappears protesters pepper sprayed  disturbingrtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.the fraying nation decency  story true & disturbing  heart  cld urtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtthe atlantic slow motion analysis nypd macing trapped women  occupywallstreet extremely disturbing.can decide brilliant disturbing... therapists ‘seeing’ patients onlinertnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.thanks   read tonite   qualms learning stuff  disturbing   ciao“occupywallstreet rt:city room:videoappears protesters pepper sprayed  disturbing:( disturbing...
rtoccupywallstreet protests enter 11th dayrtmonday announcement <>. rtjay headline concert barclays center|cnn| wall street protests enter 11th day    la egypt ourwallstreet usdor occupywallstreet ny nyc nj usa dw uk gb europertjay headline concert barclays centerrtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...gray matter smart cities byof nyu rudin center transportation policyrtthe occupation enters week. thank people possible.  occupywallstreet live >>world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...spending entertainment charity   nytimes.com spending entertainment charity. catheri...nypd equipped planes ten sept. 11 attacks world trade center  police commi...iwilloccupy  sept17  occupywallstreet ... read explicit poetry entert… (cont)rtpaul mccartney ballet wows lincoln center crowdfrom panic peace yoga chapter 24 nyt selling author book"learning breathe"rtmemorial sloan kettering cancer center warns tap water patient contract… (cont)rtrtrtmedia center phone vids police pounding ppl  occupywallstreet … (cont)there’s revolution brewing  occupy wall street enters week  viadigg  usdor"anonymous" enters securities analysis  taking world:d  anonymous  occupywallstreet  newsrtuh oh   police entering   live  occupywallstreet    globalrevolution livebarclays team  winning  rtjay headline concert barclays centerrtanonymous world watching  don enter hive.  ourwallstreet peaceful protest stay  umad?
breaks heart watch  jameyrodemeyer story on. imp spread  itgetsbetterrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadsick. “teens continue taunt jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtamazing.fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey rodemeyer.   lgbtrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad ...hell waits “teens continue taunt jamey rodemeyer suicide chanting  re glad re dead"jamey rodemeyer  14yrs  life bullying "  ladygaga meet presobama discuss bullying.this generations  madonna   ladygaga dedicates song "hair " bullied gay teen jamey rodemeyer. paws indeed ...heartradio fest lady gaga dedicates ;hair& 39; bullied gay teen jamey rodemeyer ..  human ."jerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re dead " sickus parents gay teen committed suicide  jamey rodemeyer  taunts continue death   nydnlady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen lady gaga dedicated song jamey rodemeyer  bullied gay ...iheartradio fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey rodemeyer  killed self   york da...lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen lady gaga dedicated song jamey rodemeyer  bullied gay ...jerk teens continue 2 taunt 16yo jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re dead    via“jerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re (cont)assholes rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting ...rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad ...rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re dead
change  proud trying establish changes.rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrta recap events saturday  occupywallstreet   ows .... americans == proud & powerless....rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrt.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrtrt proud americai am proud military bravely told  occupiers  wallstreet defiantly wont   occupywallstreet.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtgood night  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet real ppl w/ hang proud grateful  p2rtoccupywallstreet proud  wallstreet protestors  stay strong safe :)  downwithcorruption  sept17rtmtour  occupy family. love guys...rtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionwill families proud front page  nydailynews tomorrow?rtjackpot hi srgnt. pepper sprayer  aka douche bag proudly hurts peaceful teen girls   1%justice  tonybaloneyrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto video   usdor please rti am proud people attending  occupywallstreet. hope  nypd error ways.i am proud people attending  occupywallstreet. hope  nypd error ways.so proud

rtamazingly online poker site scam. imagineviawho site   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetthere website saying "voting" demands. actually site? pretending be?rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.you announce official donation site avoid scammersofficial donation site ofbeware scammersrtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.that trendsmap australia   twitter blocking id site?michele bachmann warns hezbollah planning missile site cuba round cuban mis...michele bachmann warns hezbollah planning missile site cuba round cuban mis...rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtis doing job differentiating helpful websites & scams. look donate help.rt help banners websites. able donate little time help?  occupywallst  occupythenation.whoever  hbgary emails  original release site kicking   usdorur website down? "502 bad gateway"rtcan estimate policemen site daily?pennies funding circle  business lending site based london  rais...   finance  businessoccupywallst website "the common = 99% tolerate greed & corruption 1%"rtwhoa  happened mta website. actually looks functional. kudosrti occupywallstreet.org site shut downoccupywallst.org website tweets disappearing    globalrevolution live
rttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquareif origami fails... bet toilets busy ... :)flood nypd w/ calls em busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  libertyplaza  antiwar  antibanksrttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarertrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdordid capitalist camera? mtbusy posting  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet photos. 70 them.new york busy  moby doesn eminem  photo courtesy of.  nytimesrtbe active locations police busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtbe active locations police busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarertrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorrttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarertrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdor.thank peacefully protesting behalf & & children & us.  busymomrttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarertrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorrton busy news day  ny1 comes thru 4  strvd rtbrooklyn exhibit worldwide hunger   msfrtrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorrttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarertwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorhave posted  twittercensorship? heard ve busy
there petition 2 recognize & women occupying wall street.81 petititons filed. trend petition 2 recognize & women occupying wall street wh.gov/gpv.there apetition 2 recognize men& women occupying wall streetobama regognise  occupywallstreetwhite house petition passed   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwhitehouse petition recognize  occupywallstreetrtmr.this petition publicly recognize...  occupywallstreet movement.  sign itrtwhite house petition recognize women occupying wall street    occupywallstreet  libertypark  sept17break goldman sachs petition @    occupywallstreet  democracy  icumi  justice    owsrtsign whistleblower petition 4 939 signatures    occupywallstreet  owspromote  share  signrtobama regognise  occupywallstreetwhite house petition passed   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt petition stop obscene nypd brutality  stand  occupywallst protestors   p2  occupywallstreetrtwhite house petition passed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet recognizewhite house petition passed bit.ly/nzm8ui  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet recognize     yesrtsign whistleblower petition 4 939 signatures    occupywallstreet  owspromote  share  signoccupywallstreet sign petitionrtsign whistleblower petition 4 939 signatures    occupywallstreet  owspromote  share  signrtwe petition permancy public assembly space.  solidarityrtend corporate personhood petition 5k sigs couple days   usdorrtamazing traffic froms  getmoneyout. text 917 720 6888 sign petition ...rtwe coverage amendment petition  getmoneyout immediately following ...white house petition passed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet recognize
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarert"from friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare  occupywallstreetthey planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergrtfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertifaimed bring provocateurs shut  wisconsinunion  hijacked planning  occupywallstreet?rtourwallstreet people starting fb occupy city planning occupations country  portland doingbritish cut genitals utility knife transgendered british woman planning undergo sex re...michele bachmann warns hezbollah planning missile site cuba round cuban mis...michele bachmann warns hezbollah planning missile site cuba round cuban mis...rtrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreetrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz r… (cont)rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertthis goes incredibly brave rebels america  re planning alread… (cont)rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare
saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...king abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...king abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...rtsexenio > saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women right...saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women join adviso...king abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected officeking abdullah saudi arabia women vote  drive carsdtn usa saudi king women political role saudi arabia’s king abdullah women ...saudi king women political role saudi arabia’s king abdullah women ...saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women join adviso...rtking abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...rtfollowandrtnews saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy re...   newslatest news saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women jo...morningheadlines  occupywallstreet rtsaudi women vote king abdullahgreat news 2 wake 2  congrats 2  kingabdullahsopenmind &  saudiwomensrighttovote. welcome 2 age :)saudi king women political role saudi arabia’s king abdullah women ...saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...king abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected officeking abdullah  saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office 2015     kingshoraking abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office
rteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrtwatch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreet  p2
rtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetcheck  taking mob friday 9/30 9pm ona brooklyn mafia story spans 2 decadesrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  music  ows  usdor  ourwallstreet retag & mt plsrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrthello eldrid. log final yowl lennox 9pm bst tomorrow please?  wlfrtone watch tonight   9pm bbc2   spitfire:britain flying pastrtrtthe affordable art fair/(at 7 w. 34th st) free admission 4 9pm  times $17music review guardian alien shea stadium   reviewsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  music  ows  usdor  ourwallstreet retag & mt plssturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  music  ows  usdor  ourwallstreet retag & mt plsrtrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occup… (cont)rtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occup… (cont)rtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrtrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrtannouncement tonight 9pm est  weareoakland. stand solidarity w/  occupyoakland & threatened peaceful protestersrtin  solidarity  occupyoakland  march 9pm tonight  meet  libertysquare   owsrtrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizewhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtannouncement tonight 9pm est  weareoakland. stand solidarity w/  occupyoakland & threatened peaceful protestersrtrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilize
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtfinance minister quit russian governmentrtcapitalism system government.  occupywallstreetrtdo fear government believe "by people  people"? followoccupywallstreetnews finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay th...us senate averts government shutdown   senate averts government shutdown   goo.gl/u9y2w ~ thing?  occupywallstreet  usdorrtunfortunately whatever happen  zaccutti it. enforcing thr government respond  takewallstreetyou actually... people wrong financial system & governmentsoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <macrocosm> unbalanced thats government weakgovernment obviously us. activists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protestersrtrtrtour democratic government gone  authoritarian... peaceful  occ… (cont)nytimes finance minister quit russian government   aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...“a nation sheep beget government wolves”  occupywallstreetlibyans qaddafi loyalists mounted raid algeria officials transitional government supporte...rtanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreet2thingsiknow   occupywallstreet corporate greed  takewallstreet government coruption. (in countries)  rtinvestor "the governments rule world  goldman sachs rules world"   occupyamerica  takewallstreet  usdorhow government drone strikes  occupywallstreet peaceful protesters?rtanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreetprotester criticizes government offender. policeman arrest lawman.
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdormichael moore live  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthrtmichael moore fat doesn occupy wall street  occupies streets   tcot  p2  occupywallstreet  usdorrtmichael moore pumps  occupywallstreet tax rich screamed.   ourwallstreetrtjust livestream 7:30 est michael moore spoke   rerun loop   ows  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  wiunioninjured players tony romo  michael vick protected themselvesrt (michael moore)i am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.michael moore cnn talking capitalism  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsoh shush twat.rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtmichael moore  occupywallstreet   >   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet rtnoam chomsky  michael moore susan sarandon se solidarizan con “occupy wall street”rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrtmichael moore cnn re capitalism  occupywallstreet   p2  ows  usdorrtmichael moore  occupywallstreet livestream   usdorrtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2michael moore mentioned occupy wall st cnn.  hopeitspreadslikewildfire
rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hrs jail & charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmember legal team wife birthday. spent defending us. send cake tomorrow?  needsoftheoccupiersrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrt16 arrested spent 3 hours sweating paddywagon fresh air water. 1 eyebrow laceration.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtprotesters arrested saturday claim spent 9.5 hrs custody  1st (cont)rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hrs jail &charged civil disobedience. 4 reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet
rtyo portland.  occupyportland on. rtrtourwallstreet people starting fb occupy city planning occupations country  portland doingrtwethepeople  occupyaustin  occupyphilly  occupyportland   occupymn  occupyseattle  occupysf  occupywallstreet  usdor    occupytogetherrtoccupyportland  join oct. 6th 12pm waterfront park peaceful occupation.  followfor date info.  usdorrtoct. 6 12pm waterfront park   expect portlandrtthewayiseeit square help  occupyportland solidarity  occupywallstreet join  occupytogether 30 citiesrtoccupyamerica  occupylasvegas  occupyatlanta  occupyaustin  occupyfdsf  occupyla  occupyportland  occupywallstreet  occupy_boston ect. joinrtoccupyportland flyer qr codewe ve people politics  corporations out.  occupywallst  occupyeugene  occupyportland  occupyseattlertoccupyportland flyer qr codertoregon probably progressive us.  occupyportland  occupypdx  oct9 protest   usdorrtwe ve people politics  corporations out.  occupywallst  occupyeugene  occupyportland  occupyseattlertoccupyportland gonna strong here. cheers  wishes compadres.rtwethepeople  occupyaustin  occupyphilly   occupyportland  occupymn  occupyseattle   occupywallstreet  occupytogethergreat  rtposter  occupyportland  oct6 great. thankrtit peacefully assemble. exercise  oct6  occupyportland.rtoccupyportland gonna strong here. cheers  wishes compadres.rtoregon probably progressive us.  occupyportland  occupypdx  oct9 protest   usdorrtcheck  occupyportland fb     takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdorrtwethepeople  occupyaustin  occupyphilly  occupyportland   occupymn  occupyseattle  occupysf  occupywallstreet  usdor    occupytogetherrtoccupyportland flyer qr code
rti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet ..her mother dying & cant afford carertquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogetherrtquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogetherrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carertgreat piece byexploding ridiculous myth poor people afford fresh  nutritious food..thanks speaking ati wish live cant afford travel. rock dr westrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carei interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carert"with stake  cynicism luxury simply afford."  occupywallstreetrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carertgreat piece byexploding ridiculous myth poor people afford fresh  nutritious food.rtcall  nypd. remember costs false arrests & violence  rnc convention? nyc affordiwilloccupygas station. ok bc  takewallsreet  occupywallst thoe afford 2 buy ticket. tyrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carertquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogetherrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford care
us senate averts government shutdown   senate averts government shutdown   goo.gl/u9y2w ~ thing?  occupywallstreet  usdorrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideainternet shut wall street protest    occupywallstreet  sept17  owscatholic schools  convents properties block parishes struggle ... st. stanislaus shut y...rtifaimed bring provocateurs shut  wisconsinunion  hijacked planning  occupywallstreet?rtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideart"2 livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. 3 confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestatertthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartrtopen eyes  world. don peaceful protestors shut  rt7 cop cars waiting 4 usrtrttwo livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. confirmed arrested.  occupywrtopen eyes  world. don peaceful protestors shut  rt7 cop cars waiting 4 usrthey nypd shut lights? twitpic   occupywallstreet  newtacticrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartcity water main break central park west shuts subway linesrti occupywallstreet.org site shut downrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanidearight. guys shut point. hate speech tolerated  peaceful protests truth not
rtpass shit     occupywallstreetholy shitrtholy shit watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.hit  ourwallstreet shit together. ima chill & catchup chores & irl shitthatshit  lolwe security guards ghetto security guards dat ain cops  americas  nypd blue nun dat shit yu watchhere shithead nypd lt. assaulted women nycso gop claim 47% households pay federal taxes basically bullshitso  occupywallstreet shit storm ... fucking line..when god damn decisionsrtthe  nypd blockade escort thousands march towards union square.  holy shit.  occupywallstreetshit crazy rtbrooklyn paerdegat 4 st & paerdegat pedestrian struck aided pronounced doa hospitali hope people violated sue shit  nypd. shame youoccupywallstreetfuckyoubenbernanke bullshit algorithms arent anymore   occupywallstreet  fuckyouwashington  occupywallstlol @ retweetin nyscanner shit hahahahaholy shit rtmanhattan box0803  broadway & west 44 st elevator dropped approx 3 floors ...rtthis makes sick. encourage arrested sue shit nyc nypd. intolerable.rtrtthis disturbing shit. nypd female protesters corral  maces   occupywallstreetthis shit takes niggerdom levelrtthis disturbing shit. nypd female protesters corral  maces   occupywallstreetwhat train 42nd 1st?  dipshitthis proof  people powers don shit   occupywallstreet  usdor
rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtreuters don dismiss wall street occupation   usdor  occupywallstreet (via bpgulfleak)rtff  gratitudehuge hug  occupywallstreet  libertysquare gang  (via)if internet kills middlemen  takes creativity survive...& thrive.just (via)where abortion rights disappearing  (via)rtcrimesourcing  crime service & data criminals startup employees (via):...rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)almost live  occupywallstreet  (via)  usdoral jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)occupywallst protest unlikely host  (via)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rt fashion brands embrace  augmented reality   (via)  tech  fashion fashion br...rtwhere isregarding  occupywallst? authorized aggressive treatment peaceful protesters? (via)mexico social media information survival   (via)as gangs move mexico schools  teachers     (via)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)was disturbed yesterday  seeing video nypd pepper spraying women reason?  (via)  nonviolence ?ff(via)the billy beane brand live billy beane ‘moneyball’ own hollywood    (via nytimes)ccc released edition keeping track nyc children 96th street reason (via)
rtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtdozens arrested 8th day  occupy wall street  protests   cnn   takewallstreet  p2nypd announces street closures expected traffic delays september 17th & 18th   occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyprotests nyc 8th day    occupywallstreet ‘where hope america lies’ |   sept17  oct6  usdor  newsrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.lol im argueing im trying inform. 18th  takewallstreet trended  ourwallstreet dayon 18th  takewallstreet trended  19th  ourwallstreet whihc trendedrtrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.i bus home night 2 1/2 hours canal st 118thrtrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtand 8th dayreported  occupywallst (kidding  1 day mayhaps)  ows  libertysquarertl train suspended b/t 8th ave & bedford ave due nypd investigation 1st ave. delays  monitor mta.infortnypd announces street closures expected traffic delays september 17th & 18th   occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtservadv uptown  via local b/t 125th st & 168th st due water condition 145th st. expect delays  inwood  wahirtnypd announces street closures expected traffic delays september 17th & 18th   occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.
rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.rtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt (michael moore)i am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.media swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  antibanksrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe movement alive well. gotta start starting now.  occupywallstreet  freedomjust heard fromthat gas 4 cents  newjersey. leaving  centralnewjersey now. perfect timingrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtwonderful  rtthe  raginggrannies tear livestream now.  occupywallstreetrtrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtprotest own halal truck now. occupywallstrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.media swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. / yep  town fools newsworthyoccupywallstreet chicago now. call lawyers police forcing out.opesr  a99  usdor  endthefed  anon

rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrthow fall wardrobe coming along? options started shopping snapshots sept. 22   fashionrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet<sinisterteashop> wow  cops late hard irc occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<sinisterteashop> chicago situation?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatnyt graphic "comparison shopping:"  cost meal 4 @ mcdonalds vs. alternatives.“saudi king women political rolertwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17my piece ny times sunday metro thertneighborhood joint| williamsburg: kcdcrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetstudents battle dallas cowboys unit sweatshop college apparel   1u  p2  4jobsrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet
rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99weather nature preparing ya revolution progresses.  thx4hangingtough  occupywallstreetnyt times tough marvin windows doors  tightened belt drew line eliminating jobs.rtus  democracy..eh? "occupywallstreet nypd police(toughguys)beat peaceful protesters   bahrainrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99news    chew  food talk tough swallowlsu football tops west virginia 41 27  capping tough overall week east ...i tough 10k grounds highclere castle lst wk 4 charity recommendedrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtoccupywallstreet nypd police(tough guys) beat peaceful protesters    occupywallstreet  occupywallstreetrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtoccupywallstreet  occupychicago  pride. re inspiring many. righteous. tough… (cont)chew  food talk tough swallow cool recipes. report real cost ...rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99chew  food talk tough swallow tv style maven clinton kelly hosts informal round table regul...rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99
occupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usairan religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  franceoccupywallstreet consumer . citizen    justice nd protestoccupywallstreet fucking consumer richs    nd protest justice  usa  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet  series tv  nypdboosit economic justice stupid  occupywallstreetit lack economic justice stupid   occupywallstreetcall  economicjustice common cause workers  tea party  progressives  libertarians  greens  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17finallymade chicago news  time bank bail outs economic injustice main stream newsrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetin europe  outrage u.s. execution troy davis  “...a stain justice system us” ~ mr. badinterrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtjobs justice   racism war    presstorm  usdor   usa  occupywallstreet  occupychicago  uk  canada  tunisiart"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.rtnew york police viavideos unnecessary force peaceful protestors. pay economy crashes?rtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet ii media aljazeera   ows  usdorrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtaje protesters hoped  wallstreet sit  version  tahrir sq police cracked  occupywallst  mena
rtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrta request   occupywallstreet protesters chorus sing rolling deep adele cops & bankers?perfect protest song   ourwallstreetis dick cheney rotting colon trolling twitter account  occupywallstreetcoming guy trolling  occupywallstreet writing bananas pearl jam  talkcorporate  media   coverage  occupywallstreet peacefully protesting corporations controlling govt  wonder   oh wait...  biasrtows  occupywallstreet sec covering wall street crimes? rolling stonertisn wall street jail?  viaows  usdoroccupywallstreet  libertysquare mainstreet media? weak kneed gutless wonders. cronkite rolling grave"they rolling people.  re regret  revolutions start."   occupywallst  takewallst  anonopswhy isn wall street jail?  viaows  usdorwhat deal? ve trolling night.  nypdserveprotectno  stockholm syndrome  real trader actually forthright. relax  trolling.i innocently yes andthought trolling. ...usdor controlling americakeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtpolitics art controlling environment. hunter s. thompson  occupywallstreetrt"they rolling people.  re regret  revolutions start."   occupywallst  takewallst  anonopsrtcops unrolling orange nets broadway mass arrests.  libertyplaza  occupywallstgood rolling stone coming  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet wed“blog post march wall streetrtlets ball rolling  post fliers town colleges  tell friends allies   occupymadison  occupywallstreet  usdorhe   fed controlling global monetary system
new aqueduct casino thumbs computerized nose ny gambling lawsphoto anthony weiner picking nose rayburn hob building june.  uphotorthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age bookrtthe jets stream >> sanchez broken nose  miss timenew aqueduct casino thumbs computerized nose ny gambling lawsrtwall st. frequency trade (stealing pensions etc) 600 nanoseconds;  lootin… (cont)rthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age booknew aqueduct casino thumbs computerized nose ny gambling laws michael speller ceo/president world resorts ca...rtrtwall st. frequency trade (stealing pensions etc) 600 nanoseconds;  lootin… (cont)rthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age bookopera review  nose  pared essentials zurich opera house chal...rthaven seen red nose day  (cont)rthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age booknew aqueduct casino thumbs computerized nose ny gambling laws thorough shredding york...  plz rtnew aqueduct casino thumbs computerized nose ny gambling lawsrtgetting little tired w/some sneering noses  occupywallstreet; re trying.  it.  p2rthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age bookopera review  nose  pared essentials   scene "the nose " produced peter stein zuri...opera review  nose  pared essentials zurich opera house chal...rtrtwall st. frequency trade (stealing pensions etc) 600 nanoseconds;  lootin… (cont)new aqueduct casino thumbs computerized nose ny gambling laws michael speller ceo/president world resorts ca...
rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtrtrtoccupywallst picture pbs correspondent arrestedrtsome photos pbs correspondent arrested march  nypd  occupywallstreet”rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs correspondent jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   p2  p21rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtrtrtoccupywallst picture pbs correspondent arrestedrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtrt pbs correspondent arrested march? the...rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd looking bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreet
dhs chemicals biological response unit wearing anonymous maskrtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtshowplugps video caustic chemicals protestors saturday     nypd officerrtrtoccupywallstreet – dhs chemicals biological response unit surrounding  libertypark    ourwallstreetrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdoccupywallstreet – dhs chemicals biological response unit surround liberty park…rtoccupywallstreet – dhs chemicals biological response unit surrounding liberty parkrtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtoccupywallstreet – dhs chemicals biological response unit surrounding  libertypark    ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet – dhs chemicals biological response unit surrounding liberty parkrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypd

article  occupywallstreet protestors maced & arrested yesterday march.   occupylart"2 livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. 3 confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestaterttons police. protesters staying sidewalk. nypd letting march.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrttwo livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. confirmed arrested.  occupywrttons police. protesters staying sidewalk. nypd letting march.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt"we 99%" march. repeating  "i touched."  video 9/24  takewallstreet  usdorread tl jrlwho arrested & released nypd yesterday 90  occupywallstreet march.  sept17rtdavid  mayorbloomberg  nypd allowed abuse protestors arrested  occupywallstreet march.rt"we 99%" march. repeating  "i touched."  video 9/24  takewallstreet  usdorrtarticle  occupywallstreet protestors maced & arrested yesterday march.   occupylatwo livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestateexcited week fest preview perugia  italy. nytimes perugia & plan 4 official launch march.on march. police trying force roads.... failing.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt"protesters permit march." <   legal grounds getting beaten pepper sprayed?apologies.  correct  bloomberg 212.788.3000  releasemarissa  arrested march. media team.  occupywallstreethahah  bouncing  conconcon  occupywallstreet march. ll er done.  longweekendtwo livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestatertbecause mass arrests nyc peaceable assembly march.  yo… (cont)rtrttwo livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstreetinterviews liberty plaza yesterday morning march.  occupywallst  nyc  videowhile blog post  pic saturday march. wash. sq park  occupywallstreet
rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2solution tweet none.   nsa know.  cisco  juniper  echelon sincerely  stupid citizens.  usdorrtsolution tweet none.   nsa know.  cisco  juniper  echelon sincerely  stupid citizens.  usdorrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers wr arrested nypd destroying economy? none. wr rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700brthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtsolution tweet none.   nsa know.  cisco  juniper  echelon sincerely  stupid citizens.  usdorrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2
rtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beatenrtpolice 28 arrested  occupy wall street  march; protesters beaten
rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetthingsthatpeopledothatgetmemad  calling  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet bunch hippies. march?rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtrt pbs corresp arrested march? 2  nypd look badrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtrt pbs correspondent arrested march? the...rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd looking bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreet
did know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.protesters risking lives nypd 2protest banksterscorp provided obamafu chase bankrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.groupon discount nypd today. gotta read purchase itrt500mm sm farmers 3rd world starving due land purchases foreign inv   commodity trading & biofuels.  usdorrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.youtube  nypd car chase... loading... play... bufering....bufering.....bufering....  blackberrysucks  blackberry  sucksrtdid  fuckyoujpmorganchase ad campaign?  associating themselves w/  freedom.  answer   anonymous?  takewallstreetrtmore bondage   stop feeding bottom 99%fuckyoujpmorganchase  freedom  anonymous  takewallstreet500mm sm farmers 3rd world starving due land purchases foreign inv   commodity trading & biofuels.  usdorrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor ...rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtprotester falls knees tears front chase bank crying. bank parents  home
rtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtstop begging media cover story. irrelevant w/twitter  facebook  livestream  more.  occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  im troll. im real media begging step & demand media instead whining absence.rtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  im troll. im real media begging step & demand media instead whining absence."the public standing sitting corner  waving arms  begging ride. pouring"  taxirtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreet
rtrta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned gr...rtabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.“video awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrtlike   video  occupy wall street peaceful female protesters penned street  “maced”peaceful woman penned & maced nazi  nypd  cops    cop  police  policebrutality  brutality  corruption  abuse  newsrtpeaceful female protestors penned maced    occupywallstreetrtpeaceful female protestors penned street maced    occupywallstreet   via{}  usdorrttrigger warning. 0:40  nypd uniformed maces – eyes – unarmed  unthreatening  penned protesters.rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtdisgusting behavior nypd. female protester penned maced apparent reason.   occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned gr...rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"peaceful female protestors penned maced nypd   ourwallstreet  wiunionrtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtthese  occupywallstreet  nypd cops control peaceful female protestors penned street macedrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrtcan   video  penned  calm  female protesters maced police nyc   occupywallstreetrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rt
rtrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   tomalabolsa  ourwallstreetnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsoccupywallstreet rtnoam chomsky  michael moore susan sarandon se solidarizan con “occupy wall street”rtrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   tomalabolsa  ourwallstreetrt "noam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet"rtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet    takewallstreetrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreetrtnoam chomsky supports  occupywallstreetrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsrtman reading message solidarity sent noam chomsky assembly. thanks noam   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtchompsky rules  noam chomsky announces  solidarity  occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtnoam chomsky supports  occupywallstreetrtamazing hownoam chomsky andall understand  occupywallst  msm doesn t.  tlotnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreetrtnoam chomsky speaking supporting  occupywallstreet  takebackwallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rt>(sep 25) noam  chomsky supports  occupywallstreet campaign   ows  ourwallstreetrtrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   tomalabolsa  ourwallstreetrtnoam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsrtnoam chomsky support  occupywallstreet continued occupation in...
rtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetrtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreeti believe "merkin" tuesday column. anfirst.picked day out.rays re joyce  top yanks stay hunt matt joyce lifted tampa bay 5 3 win yankees tuesday nig...cuomo begins process lay 3 500 gov. cuomo process lay 3 500 workers tuesday night afte...cuomo announces ibm  intel deal albany    gov. cuomo announced tuesday  led intel ibm will...rtcan some1 please repost ups store info name package excepted tuesday?rtoccupyboston assembly tuesday sept 27  7:30pm boston common gazebo     occupybeantown  occupywallstnyc rtmy fav on?caledonia  levee  cain tavern... ?  toptuesdayhunt suspect slaying outside club police identified suspect tuesday knifed 23 old...cuomo announces ibm  intel deal albany    gov. cuomo announced tuesday  led intel ibm will...rtoccupyboston assembly tuesday sept 27  7:30pm boston common gazebo     occupybeantown  occupywallstnyc rtfema run cash tuesday congress dealmight time trip town rtmalaysia noodle festival hits meatpacking district 4 tuesday lunchrtplz  rtneed tweet love denver. obama tuesday school  occupydenverrtour 1st assembly tuesday sept 27:30pm boston common gazebo.  occupybeantown  occupywallstnycrti doctor appointment monday greenlight.than tuesday day afterhappy  traveltuesdaytthappy  traveltuesdayttplz 1st official  denverga meeting tuesday  sep27 7pm following obama speech  denver  occupydenver  occupythenationplz 1st official  denverga meeting tuesday  sep27 7pm following obama speech  denver  occupydenver  occupythenation
rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreeti tech guru  rtpretty personality test york times. you?rtrtwoman arrested yestrdy  ourwallstreet mariel moshiri  held bellvue overnight cuffed chair.  occupywallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetpeter vallone jr york city council 22nd district chair councils public safety committee promotes police brutality  occupywallstrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpls rtwoman arrested yestrdy @  ourwallstreet mariel moshiri held @ bellvue overnight cuffed 2 chair  occupywallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtnotice letter distributed liberty park. legal legal/binding.   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapp?"this powerful. this. thank involved world."~post  vibeapp  ourwallstreetasklocal  vibeapp applications free tools political organizing    ows  ourwallstreetrtjerry ben jerrys donated bunch icrcream      ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtjerry ben jerrys donated bunch icrcream      ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprt rtthe answer 1984 1776 says.   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtyou vibe app anonymous organizing   sept17  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  vibeapprtnypd splitting protesters. standoff. waiting fir reinforcements?  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtevening assembly progress.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprti feel love here.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtquite turnout liberty park today.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtthe march roadway growing. join  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtprotesters police standoff.   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtthe  occupywallstreet medical supplies truck.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtnypd commandeers public bus hold protesters    using clean energy it?  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprthow deficit? war  tax rich   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtlittle pigs  process irreversible.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprttime establishment clause 2.0 separation money  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtwe love  thanks support world  freedom_fighter_nyc  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtwe 8 000 people tomorrow. sunday      ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtbloomberg & obama  hope watching choose history.  sept17  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  vibeapp
rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   antibanks  takebackamerica  usdor  owsbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorrtyou massive presence  occupywallstreet 1 mention twitter account  total media blackout situation?rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtgokil ya? hashtag  occupywallstreet diblock total di amrik. tsk. adikuasaaa... double standard nih >  :p20 hour train ride... totally gonna worth it.  ourwallstreet  wiunion.nothing change congress corporate influence it.  occupywallstreet  tlot  occupywallst  owsrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wpennies president obama  jobs act  advocates exemption sums totaling $1 m...rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtwhen wake totalitarian time  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdoroperation total impact nypd answer subway crime nypd taking recent 16.6 percent ...to   covered? total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreetrtbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse "goldman sachs rules world"?? =/   occupywallstreet  cdnpolirt18th century ideas. 19th century institutions. 21 century problems. totalitarian future.  conconcontotally worth it. rtjust fb pg artwork  support re inclined  ...horrendous scenes fromdefenceless women maced penned area. police brutality totally uncalled
saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...tangled relationships jerusalem   israel  palestineaffirmative action bake sale students arms controversy cupcakes heating berkeley col...sound familiar? affirmative action bake sale students armsrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexcould dr. oz related? rt12 arrested sales illegal pesticides chinatown‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex berkeley college republicans bake sale with...rtny mta rejects proposed bus subway ads calling enemies israel  savageslooking ahead economic reports week week’s reports include home sales august  s.&....affirmative action bake sale berkeley college students armsaffirmative action bake sale berkeley college students arms nina mandell controversy cup.... nytimes public editor looks conflict accusation own jerusalem bureau chiefretailers heat sales generate anti gay aid advocates demanding retailers thei...affirmative action bake sale berkeley college students arms   york daily newsrtsalem news growing  occupywallstreet   usdor"affirmative action bake sale uc berkeley students arms"... truth offending   tcotaffirmative action bake sale students armsisrael approves 1 100 homes built contested east jerusalemdtn usa looking ahead economic reports week week’s reports include home sales august ...nytimes ‘diversity bake sale’ backfires campusrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex

rtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)rtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtrtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado t… (cont)rtthere actual  news happening  nyc pls cover  occupywallstreetrtthis happening.   grassrootsbillboard  graffiti  occupywallstreet.rtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrtand apparently  occupywallstreet happening england  u.s.the world finally happening seriousrtrtpeople assembly happening  occupywallstreetrtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)rtpolice presence dwindled. ga happening. mellow atmosphere.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassemblyrtpolice presence dwindled. ga happening. mellow atmosphere.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassemblyrtthere actual  news happening  nyc .. cover  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtno look  happening...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  wakeuprtnot read rights too.  happening time there. rtarrested person consen… (cont)rtourwallstreet  connecttheleft am outraged happening usa & msm reporting. world watching.......rtclick  >  occupywallstreet follow protests happening  nyc. civil disobedience american apple pie.there actual  news happening  nyc .. cover  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtwho ya gonna call? guys.there  news happening  nyc..cover  occupywallstreetrtthis happening richest country all. stopped fucking around.  occupywallstreet  usa  usdorso mass consciousness forming world? happening brother
rt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersthere drugs drinking water. what?rtthey water.   occupywallstreet. please rtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt16 arrested spent 3 hours sweating paddywagon fresh air water. 1 eyebrow laceration.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrti hope corporate branded bottled water. rtthey water.   occupywallstreet. please rt"/ smh “manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.”rti hope corporate branded bottled water. rtthey water.   occupywallstreet. please rtshit crazy rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.sad. rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.    wahi  inwood  nycrtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupierssmh rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiers
uhhhh....nothing say......i didn say.  read tweet  account deletion confirmed. doesn mean confirmation.rt"..victims  system makes torture imprison innocent people. hear say. misery.."  occupywallstreetoh nazine. welcome  sad troll useful say.  edli reported police intimidating liz   isn me.  edl  uaf  ukuncut <<did say...  lolsuit lolsuit?    lolyou. nothing. say. me. today.www.hotnewsposts.com twitter / breaking news  occupywallstreet update ... occupywallstreet update police say...rtoccupywallstreet  guidance legal/illegal protesting. help appreciated  police say.rtan inspiring article nahuatl language conservation taking york city.  tomato  say...slo mo video nyc cop pepper spraying protesters    / read cops say.  globalrevolution  occupywallstreetrt"..victims  system makes torture imprison innocent people. hear say. misery.."  occupywallstreet‘bluegrass park’ concert bring taste country  bbq madison square park annie reuter york (cbsnewyork) —who say...new york events suspects arrested suffolk county home break shirley  ny (cbsnewyork) – police say...rtmumbai_hotels nypd ticket fixing scandal wiretap recordings reveal cops  racist ...   newstrack india nypd say...rt"..victims  system makes torture imprison innocent people. hear say. misery.."  occupywallstreetrtrtrtgreat ga wsp. "its beginning " heard observer say...  occupywallstreet  owsrtso *is* "top cia agent nypd"? associated press careful say.rtabout 400 arrested  police say.  occupywallstreet.rtclog dismiss charges ll clog courts  lawyers  ows protesters say...oh thuggery  tcotand thats dangerous cynical shit say. yall erring chaos. nypd stranger austerity.rtsomeone feels threatened  say. mad   occupywallstreet
economic collapse  financial manipulation dollar crisis   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetone citizen vote dollarusdor corporate person hood.  1citizen1vote1dollar  1c1v1dart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponrtneed2keep focus getting corporate influence govt.  lobbyist  corporatepersonhood  usdor  ows 1person1vote1dollar  occupywallstreetall days besides cvs  grocery store  dollar store run siesta lunch nypd near chandler mall.art graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponrtrtrecent research shown dollar rich person donates $2 tax exemptions  takewallstreetrtrecent research shown dollar rich person donates $2 tax exemptions  takewallstreetrtlove  retweet write occupy wall street dollar bills  circulation    p2  p21occupywallstreetart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponrt?  occupywallstreet idea  write occupy wall street dollar bills  circulation    p2  p21rtlove  retweet write occupy wall street dollar bills  circulation    p2  p21occupywallstreetrtlove  retweet write occupy wall street dollar bills  circulation    p2  p21occupywallstreetart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponrtdemocracy attack ny. surprise city governed top 1%. citizen. dollar. vote.  takewallstreetart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponrt?  occupywallstreet idea  write occupy wall street dollar bills  circulation    p2  p21rt?  occupywallstreet idea  write occupy wall street dollar bills  circulation    p2  p21dear nyc near  store pay cc near by? drug store dollar store?how unaccountable private contractors pocket tax dollars militarizing texas border t.co/tzztg68d  occupywallstreet
rti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rtmubarak style police crackdown wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  tcotrtapparently execute prisoner save rtjustice troy daviswatch beach bums surfers saved baby shark crazy ride.rtmayor bloomberg committed campaign fraud  accused thief john haggerty lawyer ...  save americartsave usaron paul deserves publicity   foxnews  msnbc  cnn shame    ronpaul  gop  bieber  obama  love ron paul  occupywallstrtlots love  bradleymanning  occupywallstreet demo   iwilloccupy set truth free   savebradley  sep17to save health care  crack fraud kathleen sharp week  obama administration announc...ebt spin conservative  win win conservatives save w/his cronies.ebt spin conservative  win win conservatives save w/his cronies.more lanes pls  rtbike lanes save lives calmer traffic yorkers   bikenyccapitalism save planet; cpgb ml debate oxford unionrtrtbike lanes save lives calmer traffic yorkers   bikenycnight night nemi. hugs & purrs me. xxx  wlf  savelennox  justiceforfudgertsmall fixes wetsuit  save hemorrhaging mother   lifewrap  maternalhealthyahh hero rtnow adorable hero drew  7  saved mother dialing 911  sworn jr emtmore lanes pls  rtbike lanes save lives calmer traffic yorkers   bikenycrtreally article   bike lanes save lives calmer traffic yorkerschamblee mesner hage save troy davisalso pretty ve lost weight week  occupywallstreet madness. barely able eat  save activism  drortcriticize  occupywallstreet  re trying save ass banksters & corporate oligarchs. thankyou?
rtwsj "bankers  protesters  ones arrested  occupywallstreet" vrt"all day  week  occupywallstreet"    chant anymore  usdor  takewallstreetrtrtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"rtrtrtthe power people people power  solidarity  ows  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"today  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet""rt"observations jailed journalist   occupywallstreet"  ourwallstreet  cdnpoli  occupycanadawsj "bankers  protesters  ones arrested  occupywallstreet" vrtrtrtthe power people people power  solidarity  ows  occupywallstreet""it getting tense. peaceful  peaceful  peaceful   occupywallstreet"rtrtrtthe power people people power  solidarity  ows  occupywallstreet"rtrtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtcourage. “one "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"”rtknow rights (mobile)  calls forto & defend  occupywallstreet"left coast coast  rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"
rtchilling photos police protesters clashing  occupywallstreet.please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreeti support of.  ? is; change blood? don 99% wil… (cont)bbc teletext (tv text news) finally acknowledges  occupywallstreet.rteverybody lost chunks  retirement derivatives speculating rich quick  occupywallstreet.rtwe ve 3 heart balloons re taking  occupywallstreet. getting nyc.  ourwallstreet  wiunionit tea party signs  occupywallstreet.  99%.rtrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17nypd officers peaceful protester concussion  occupywallstreet..   corporategreed  antibanksrtthis happening.   grassrootsbillboard  graffiti  occupywallstreet.rtwe met unexpected resistance twitter facebook. confirmed de trended  occupywallstreet.nypd violated earlier court settlement penning & spraying women  occupywallstreet.rtthey water.   occupywallstreet. please rt““nyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17””the people restless.  movement brewing  occupywallstreet.rt“rtrtmsnbc ran mace video.  occupywallstreet...rtwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdorrtrtaljazera eng seeking video footage  occupywallstreet.  ourwallstreet  unionsquarertwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdorrta article  occupywallstreet. guardian   anonymous  takewallstreetwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdor
rttea partiers funded billionaires interrupt "town halls"? media wall wall coverage. grassroots protest  occupywallstreet? silencewho coverage  occupywallstreet? uk  qatar  usaheycould comment brutal arrests peaceful people  including children   occupywallstreet?rtifaimed bring provocateurs shut  wisconsinunion  hijacked planning  occupywallstreet?rtrtrtunhappy w/ nypd response  occupywallstreet?  message police commissioner he… (cont)rtwhere main stream media? aren’t covering  occupywallstreet? michele bachmann farts & media smell.why talking  occupywallstreet? football important?  patheticrtwhy talking  occupywallstreet? football important?  patheticrtwe officer lawsuit false arrest civil rights violations  occupywallstreet?rtwhere coverage  occupywallstreet? police violence peaceful protesters? ttps://occupywallst.org/soallows "chris christie" trend  occupywallstreet?  fcking cowards.  twitter afraid movement   owsrtwho coverage  occupywallstreet? uk  qatar  usartplanning  occupywallstreet?  iwilloccupy & tell world ll there.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtwho  brave  nypd officer cross line liberty plaza suit  occupywallstreet?  internetfamouswhere main stream media? aren’t covering  occupywallstreet? michele bachmann farts & media smell.they arrested people  occupywallstreet?????who  brave  nypd officer cross line liberty plaza suit  occupywallstreet?  internetfamousrtheycould comment brutal arrests peaceful people  including children   occupywallstreet?rtwhere main stream media? aren’t covering  occupywallstreet? michele bachmann farts & media smell.rtwhitehat thomas ryan <> paid spam  occupywallstreet?...rumored preventing twittertrendingoccupywallstreet  volunteers set wish list amazon.com occupywallstreet?  ows  sep17
injured players tony romo  michael vick protected themselvesweak americans protest themselves.rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtat 2 guys yankees caps. biggie  yankees insignia commonly undercovers identify themselves crowds  occupywallstthey didn recruit  anonymous. themselves. injustice..well  do.rtrttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppressionrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtdid  fuckyoujpmorganchase ad campaign?  associating themselves w/  freedom.  answer   anonymous?  takewallstreetrtlet conservative christians corporations  themselves. reality.  occupywallstreetwow... really?... actually distance themselves that?.. hope?rthow allow nypd conduct themselves have? world watching   occupywallstreetrtthe  nypd restrain themselves legal  peaceful protest kent massacre.   occupywallstreetrtlet conservative christians corporations  themselves. reality.  occupywallstreetrtthe  nypd restrain themselves legal  peaceful protest kent massacre.   occupywallstreetrtnypd shot themselves foot   mainstream media talking  occuppywallstreet & recognizes peaceful  instigators  owstibetan monks set themselves fire form protestrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreet(0_o) ==> rttibetan monks set themselves fire form protesttwo tibetan monks set themselves fire monday  protest chinese rule tibet.2 tibetan monks set themselves fire protest chinese policy york timesrtat 2 guys yankees caps. biggie  yankees insignia commonly undercovers identify themselves crowds  occupywallst
nytimes google doodle honors jim henson friendly monstersrt (michael moore)i am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.president obama honor 1985 chicago bears white house ... super bowl shuffle coming whit...rtpostal service begin honoring living people stampsrtrtbrooklyn battery tunnel closed morning forrun honor ...rti am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.rtrtas honorary citizen georgia professor emory university  appea… (cont)rtmedal honor recipientdeclinesdeadline extension.   greasethebobcatrtnypd join  occupywallstreet cuz promises rhetoric; word honor people.  ourwallstreetweight watchers dedicates jennifer hudson center star ... weight watchers wasn honoring celeb spo...rti am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.rti am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.president obama honor 1985 chicago bears white house ... super bowl shuffle coming whit...rtoh yes  absolute honor historic movement  guys drive happenrti am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.obama calls badge honor class warrior goprti am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.r.i.p. arch west  creator doritos. ll sprinkle nacho cheese dust honor.rtmedal honor recipientdeclinesdeadline extension.   greasethebobcatrti am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.rt “new york events thousand run honor fallen firefighter tunnel towers run york (cbsnewyork) – tho...
rtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegenertoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegenertoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsforget netflix  occupywallstreet rtshould blame canada netflix split? |  (via)rtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsdue success ofnew york announced wall st. split wall st. vichy wall st.rtnypd splitting protesters. standoff. waiting fir reinforcements?  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  ows
rtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarert1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17rt.in 2010 goldman sachs bankers received $15.3 billion bonuses  feed hungry person planet.  occupywallstreetnyt ubs chief executive oswald j. grübel resigned  "rogue trading" scandal cost swiss bank $2.3 billion.rttea partiers funded billionaires interrupt "town halls"? media wall wall coverage. grassroots protest  occupywallstreet? silencertyou don cause  win   stand children starve billionaires thrive  ourwallstreetwhile billionaires thrive  rest struggle survive.  takewallstreetrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarerthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rt4.6 million kids  don dental care   funds 30 billion military aid  2 israelusdorrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2bloomberg slams buffett tax claims white gloves off. mayor bloomberg sunday slammed billionaire inve...bloomberg slams buffett tax claims  billionairecagematch
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolihappen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylaplease update soon  terriblertmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet
bernanke   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupydallas  occupysf  occupyboston  occupyphilly  occupyminn  endthefed  opesr  usdorsay what? bernanke   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupydallas  occupysf  occupyboston  occupyphilly  endthefed  opesr  usdorrtwethepeople  occupyaustin  occupyphilly  occupyportland   occupymn  occupyseattle  occupysf  occupywallstreet  usdor    occupytogetherthank youfollowa99  usdoroccupywallstreet  cdnpolihas noticed relationship elenin stock market?  2012  occupysf  occupywallstnyc  occupywallstreet  occupywallstfiat currency endgame us.  occupyfdsf  occupyphoenix  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  occupyspokane  occupysf  fuckyouwashingtonrtan excellent video documenting lifevery inspiring    occupysfrtwhy 24hr news networks  tide discontent spread  occupywallst  occupychi  occupyla  occupysf?rtplease moment  takewallstreet  occupysf  occupychicago & occupycleveland hashtag solidarity   unityrtwe rent planet blinded greed.  occupyearth  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupysf  antisockffrtwhen wake totalitarian time  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorrtwe rent planet blinded greed.  occupyearth  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupysf  antisockffrtoccupywallstreet =  ows  occupychicago  occupysf & continues spread virus   heard   unity  usdor  civilaction  p2rtgreat assembly union square  lots people pumping ideas  occupysfrta protesting  occupywallstreet  viaoccupysf  occupyla  usdorrtan excellent video documenting lifevery inspiring    occupysfrtwethepeople  occupyaustin  occupyphilly  occupyportland   occupymn  occupyseattle  occupysf  occupywallstreet  usdor    occupytogetherrtplease moment  takewallstreet  occupysf  occupychicago & occupycleveland hashtag solidarity   unityrtan excellent video documenting lifevery inspiring    occupysfrtphoto "if outraged  paying attention."  occupysf  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  sept17  s17rtoccupysf  takewallstreet rtcheck video. cool. occupy wall street sf.  job.
rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  antibanksrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. / yep  town fools newsworthyrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtgood “media swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet”rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet

rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksthis unsettling youtube.com/watch?v=mod2jn…  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtnypd cop allegedly pepper sprayed wall street protester unsettling past   occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  oct6rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  usdor  sep17  p2rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtnypd cop allegedly pepper sprayed wall street protester unsettling past   occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  oct6rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanks
nyt dotearth blog lessons fire stricken texasdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasrtas dry heat spikes texas wildfire threat  somelessons australia    world fire pronertdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia texas ...   climate  environmentdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasrtour month unlimited salsa lessons deal paying $1/day. steal.rtdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texaslessons fire stricken texas   nytimes.com  (via)great  leadership lessons fromceo including "would report yourself?"dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia texas  fire risk follows ...dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia texas  fire risk follows ...lessons fire stricken  texas   nytimes     climate  weather  disaster  droughtlessons fire stricken texas australia  (from) & california  (statesman)green dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia to...   nyt  littlebearprodrtdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas"take down"    lessonsfromchinadot earth lessons fire stricken texas australia texas  fire risk follows...  (nature)green dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia to...   nyt  littlebearprodas dry heat spikes texas wildfire threat  somelessons australia    world fire prone
rtthe nypd pepper spray seen  occupywallstreet "appropriately"not ones ve seen far.  occupywallstreetrtnot seen.  cover  occupywallst   mention onrtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtthe tactics seen ignorance  slander  macing  arresting. failed epically. try tolerance  acceptance.  occupywallstreet  usdorrtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtthis video report  takewallstreet pal nathanschneider foris ve seen.doesn cover 1/2 home vids ve seenrtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.seen block locked morning smh rtrtbrooklyn 730 rockaway ave  3 people ...rtwtf?i using instagr.am post pictures & paint seen  entirely dissappeared acct/feed?  plz rtrt.the world watching  ows . seen evidence try silence peaceful protestors. forget.and is..... own videos protest...i ve seen people disobey police orders...80  arrested financial district protest moves  north    terror link seen arrest j.f.k.  nytimesrtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtvery question rtwhy haven seen reports occupy wallstreet twitter?  ourwallstreetjust haven seenbrand watch dark fusion  seen oncheck looksrt"we ve seen grandmothers flexicuffs ground."  occupywallstreetrt"we ve seen grandmothers flexicuffs ground."  occupywallstreet  conconcon bit.ly/q3vydi
rtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetpolice brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet“nypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreet” wtf?rtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdor........can front camera ...?  freedom park ? ..rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrthey cnn  bring cameras live protest?  occupywallstreetrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtcamera "document  nypd misconduct  occupywallstreet protesters  cops losing jobs& paying claims  cc"did capitalist camera? mtbusy posting  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet photos. 70 them.rtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetit hard nyc cop kid camera internet occupywallst.orgrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiershey pretty one. smile camera   anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfortrtows rtthe nypd tracks 2000 cameras manhattan. 450 wtc alone. fee… (cont)rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtbologna name  nypd maced girl unprovoked  davids camera craft love  occupywallstreet
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt?? ????? ?????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?????? ????  viartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetnyt tantawi testifies mubarak  ????? ?????? ????????????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? arrests peaceful  occupywallstreet  protesters continue. don   ourwallstreetrt????  ????  occupywallstreet ? ???? ?????? ????? ???? ??? ???????  viartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet????? ?????? ?? ????????? ?????rt????? ?????? ????? ?? ??????? ?????rt????? ?????? ????? ?? ??????? ?????u avail 2 hrs..for 10 15 mins???   occupywallstnycrttantawi testifies mubarak’s trial egypt  ????? ?????? ?? ????? ????? ?????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ????? ?? ?? ??????. ??? ? ?? ??????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ??????? ?????? ????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????
rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterone citizen vote dollarusdor corporate person hood.  1citizen1vote1dollar  1c1v1drt.in 2010 goldman sachs bankers received $15.3 billion bonuses  feed hungry person planet.  occupywallstreetlooking spokesperson speak  occupywallstreeteverywhere ... help please?rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtneed2keep focus getting corporate influence govt.  lobbyist  corporatepersonhood  usdor  ows 1person1vote1dollar  occupywallstreetrtiwilloccupy sit watch dreams phone  instead person. cause called dibs   :prtnypd officers  stand 4? 2 ppl  own personal struggles protesters  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreeti tech guru  rtpretty personality test york times. you?lackey loses cool  personal  text throwing six solid innings spiraling red sox sunday night...activists post identity nypd officer activists name personal details ranking...rtit sad bloombergs own family  personally  won him. miss help worldrtanonymous leaks personal details cop pepper sprayed  wallstreet protesters   occupywallstreetrtare person future back? ? join  revolution    occupyamerica  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrttheis person follow live  scene updates  occupywallstperson wntd connection wth robbry capitol bank  blame socioeconomic environment?rtare person future back? ? join  revolution    occupyamerica  takewallstreet  occupywallstgot word w/ cellphone ziptied (for 4 hrs) 12 person van 20 others.. held 7 cell hourstook york times personality test. trendsetter. quizoccupywallstreet milk maced. helps  personal experience.
in speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powersaleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...it insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegeyemeni leader makes pledge step yemen defiant president addressed troubled nation sunday ...“yemeni regime forces shoot protesters  wound 18.  people  takewallstreet bad.rtamerica wake     world awakening     usdor  presstorm  usa  tunisia  egypt  spain  bahrain  yementhe american revolution here. egypt  tunis  libya  spain  yemen.. usa .  usdor  occupywallstin speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerviolence surges  yemen despite call cease fire  byarabspring  gcc   unin speech  yemen president confirms support transfer power   york timesway goyou re world police brutality. yemen proud worknews saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy re...   newsrtamerica wake     world awakening     usdor  presstorm  usa  tunisia  egypt  spain  bahrain  yemenrt80 protesters arrested saturday  nyc.on  occupywallstreet   syria  bahrain  libya  yemen  usasaleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...yemeni leader makes pledge stepyemeni leader makes pledge step yemen defiant president addressed troubled nation sunday ...rtcall  yemenis  please advise friendly embassy issue visas world press.  supportyemen  yemendeath penalty country (2010) china 2000+  iran 252+  north korea 60+  yemen 53+  46+.in speech broadcast sunday night run yemen tv  mr. saleh “we committed” gulf...saleh confirms support yemen transfer power   news  paper
rtdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...rtrtas uniformed public servant  commend  occupywallstreet protesters  nyc… (cont)rtlive streaming coverage protests wall street.  media won cover  cover yourself.    occupywallstreetrtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight. occupiers hungry  please help yourself.rtmyself +down athe speaking 7   alldayallweekman stabs roommate machete  lights self fire cops bonkers bronx machete stabbed hous...rtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtnypd bring spirits. increased them. night beautiful. visit  zuccotti & yourself.  occupywallstreetwhoa “desperately unhappy own skin  woman tried sex reassignment surgerysmall fixes self adjustable eyeglass lenses bring clearer vision poorrtremember  educate yourself  educate others. spread word   occupywallstreet  occupyflorida  occupyorlandolive streaming coverage protests wall street.  media won cover  cover yourself.    occupywallstreetin riddle mideast upheaval  turkey offers answerrtrtwoman tried sex reassignment surgeryrtmyself +down athe speaking 7   alldayallweekrtrtas uniformed public servant  commend  occupywallstreet protesters  nyc… (cont)rtbe self sufficient possible. eases burdens whole.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetlooks wisconsin joining week   wiunion  ourwallstreet  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet revealing obama campaign orchestrated crisis..3 2 late & blaming power gopebt spin conservative  win win conservatives save w/his cronies.
rtnew york police commissioner ray kelly nypd capacity aircraftwatching 60 minutes dvr d. nyc police commisioner ray kelly nypd "capacity" aircraft."... entire world’s battery capacity — battery — store 10 minutes world’s energy usage"   ini fur (in mai wheekin  capacity dat iz )and spaceships & spaceppl rtcommish. ray kelly nypd capacity aircrafta bit much? rtnew york police commissioner ray kelly nypd capacity aircraftrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrti guessing accents hindrance capacity.  latino rtin arizona com… (cont)rtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare“foley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreet”rtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreet
pic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrtwe wont pander idiots  fools  trolls  sour individuals  looking attention. positive movement.  occupywallstreetis dick cheney rotting colon trolling twitter account  occupywallstreetrttrolls ignore.   takenote rtits unbelievable publi… (cont)rtawww  little troll blow fuse. corrected spelling btw  asswipe. rt...for fuck sake  nypd kettling goddamn baby strollers   occupywallstreetcoming guy trolling  occupywallstreet writing bananas pearl jam  talkand americans love job... duh hence  occupywallstreet troll.rthaha.is follow. roll addressing trolls hating  occupywallstreet.  ows  takewallstreetthis act gov  turhed  ukofamerica  eviltory controlled  condemned govrta sock puppet troll account bashing  occupywallstreet  hope banksters pay wellwill " american spring "?  oilty controlled bigmedia prevent  own media   occupywallstreetrtnypd disgusting  police blocking netting father pushing child baby stroller   occupywallstreetall thank public  troll trying ?why am troll republic ? cause twitter account & ve pulled tweets ?corporate  media   coverage  occupywallstreet peacefully protesting corporations controlling govt  wonder   oh wait...  biasrtwe stand brutalized peaceful protesters& lose sight bank controllers govt fund war/death profit  ows  usdortrolls ignore.   takenote rtits unbelievable publi… (cont)rtpepper spray update via nyt  nypd spox  appropriate  cop blast women strollrtlike  put. rtthose     sit arses troll.   dalefarm
rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtnypd sending police lower manhattan. tactical plan  watch  occupywallstreet livecalls presidentto send negotiators listen & act  occupywallstreet demands    nypd violencertcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtplease send times locations events listed   ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrt( pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiers) okay.rtnyc sends love  libertysquare beautiful citizens that4  globalrevolution renaissancert.sending 10 pizzas liberatos   occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadrt.sending 10 pizzas liberatos   occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersa random lady isyou blowing feed hate...is twitter sending too...rtmember legal team wife birthday. spent defending us. send cake tomorrow?  needsoftheoccupiersrt.sending 10 pizzas liberatos   occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spread
occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21the soul afsc western ma presently wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  takewallst  takewallstreetrtman fired stray bullet killed 92 grandma own home senten..rtmy architect wife sent 100 resumes avail 19 months.  iwilloccupy  takewallstreet7pm pershing sq sunday 9/25/11  occupyla gaoccupywallstreet  taxation w/o representationwall street cops (nypd) supress dissent violence  viaoccupywallstreet wall street cops (nypd) supress dissent violence  viartsent friend  outstanding feminist criminologist  hard day. "perfectly ordinary kids" deservethe world watching asand idiots "represent" completely ignore   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtessential read by. nytimes mexico social media information survivalrtrt"and strength  family." rohan god sent change society.  takewallrt"and strength  family." rohan god sent change society.  takewallrtyes  denverga meets 7pm near  colfax broadway...water essential  needsoftheoccupiers  occupydenverproving writing  rithmatic essential. rtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census nyti.ms/nn9x1qwhere outrage? oh yeah  oil. rtsaudi woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carchew  food talk tough swallow cool recipes. report real cost ...somebdy sentrtman reading message solidarity sent noam chomsky assembly. thanks noam   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtunions don wait managment approve dissent. wont happen. wild cat strikes.   occupywallstreetrtformer navajo nation officer 6 mos sentence pepper spraying arrested   nypd?  occupywallstreetrt1 congressman cost 3.3 mill/year.  aipac 81 israel learn how2 represent israel i.s.o.  ususdor
rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  wallstreet   amazing atmosphere  ppl power  real stuff   sept17  downwithcorruptionrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetthe american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksis associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsthe day rage   sept17   beginning. tomorrow marks 1 week people occupation wall street...rt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17rtno matter repubs voted  corp media minority gop power 2destroy democracy  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17rtphoto replay sept.27the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rthow fall wardrobe coming along? options started shopping snapshots sept. 22   fashionrtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracyrtrtrtex wall streeters supporting  occupywallstreet protest   sept17rtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtoccupywallstreet shout awesome protesters  wallstreet  libertyplaza fighting world  join    sept17y nyc  september17th  boys   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  bofa  banks  agosrtprotesters continue flood  wallstreet   sept17  takewallstreet  cdnpoli  ableg  uspoli  p2  p2b  endwar  endpovertyoccupywallstreet  nypd  brutality  thisiswhatdemocracylookslike  usdor  libertysquare  takethesquare  sept17

rtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestrtifaimed bring provocateurs shut  wisconsinunion  hijacked planning  occupywallstreet?rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17rtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestrtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17looks wisconsin joining week   wiunion  ourwallstreet  occupywallstfollowed tweets arrest day. glad re released. ll joining wednesday wisconsincont.  pluggin  occupywallst wisconsin  fuck bill maher  tom micheal fantasticrtmore arrests nyc  movement growing   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  wiunionrtoh dear  wisconsin  look inspired   occupywallstreet  usdorrtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17rtrtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming  wallstreet protest thk wisconsin  sept17  wiunionrtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywall… (cont)hells yea occupy  appletonwisconsin happen :drtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17wisconsin????     //   "nypd stop marijuana possession arrestsrtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestrtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17ifaimed bring provocateurs shut  wisconsinunion  hijacked planning  occupywallstreet?rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17
rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtreminder traveling to/from  jets game. rtport authority toll hike starts sunday   newjerseyin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtmaureen dowd reviews book nytimes. starts snarky  sweet.rtcity cell phone service subway platforms starts weekin politics  facebook starts pacrt1st meeting  occupybinghamton tonight cyber cafe. starts 7pm  upstairs.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...good & bad. rtcity cell phone service subway platforms starts weekin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...rti support future.  greed rampant .  starts wallstreet moves washington.rtoccupywallstreet starts spread media...      uk indie rock friends...cuddle police buddies..
rtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetthe american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksrtrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorrtrecognize women occupying wall street   occupyla  occupywallstreet  owslosangeles  takewallstreetrtrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorthere petition 2 recognize & women occupying wall street.81 petititons filed. trend petition 2 recognize & women occupying wall street wh.gov/gpv.there apetition 2 recognize men& women occupying wall streetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorrtrecognize women occupying wall street 4000 signed  1000 needed. sign   occupywallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwhite house petition recognize women occupying wall street    occupywallstreet  libertypark  sept17cool article   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  ows occupying  rioting  wall streetrtrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtan read "occupying  rioting  wall street"  viaourwallstreet
wall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform   occupywallstreeteconomic collapse  financial manipulation dollar crisis   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2rtwhy protests wall street financial industry impoverished 60m people   sept17you actually... people wrong financial system & governments80 arrested financial district protest (  occupywallst ) moves northrtrtfinancial times police arrest 90  occupywallst...   gfw  fuckgfw  vpnyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2rt "resist corporate control & financial tyranny  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy  usmediafail"80 arrested financial district protest moves northrtwe replace wall street prison camp financial criminals.  occupywallstreet  wallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustcamden financial aid victims summer warehouse fires camden  nj (cbsnewyork/ap) — camden fam...rtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustwall st & federal reserve  stop committing financial terrorism   occupywallstreet  occupyallstreetsrtwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.
rtbill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentrton top famine  unspeakable violence somaliabill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentmy son visits  forest  kindergarten loves    outside support child development.rtbill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentrtbill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentyes   exciting ppp initiative  highlighting value business development.  vegan   tremendous.new developments content deals netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksbad pastiche...   crap development allowedrt professional development info    shortcourses  glasgow dance  drama  music  production screenmtpps5  nppf furore concentrating greenfield development. loss historic environment protectionrtthecct looking time youth development manager kings lynnrt(our short) film  urbanrenewal  socent &  socinnov & happen >   cities  developmentrtin summary  speech development earlier responsibilityit gross entire development  >  rtaj news architect fights claim… (cont)live authorities island expected announce developments gilgo beach bodies 11:00 a.m.nice idea   check outportland  ore.  developments cater bicycle riders“we sensor development gotten replicate human behavior" really?rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.nytimes ? irene’s wake  developments dry enough?  ???????????????????????????????rtmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodes
the price cheap  food | disinformation  /nytimesrtsolidarity  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo www.nyc.ta.neta call action union square   liberty square  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfosolidarity  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo www.nyc.ta.nettill  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo  anonymous  hugzsolidarity unity  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo  usdor sleep sidewalk arglive wall street   anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfohey pretty one. smile camera   anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfortoccupywallstreet livestreamarchaeon spread unsubstantiated rumors. disinformation tool.rtwe prohibited   anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfortyou alone... all...  ourwallstreet  opesr  mudfux  disinfo  occupywallstreet hold tight right.rtsolidarity  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo www.nyc.ta.netrtare subservient  subverse   ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo.... disinformation hate    edl  tcot  tlot  israeleconomia hedgefundz  viaread watch.  opesr  mudfux  disinfo  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallstanondrx.x10.mx/godrax/ec0n0m1…  read watch.  opesr  mudfux  disinfo  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst time learnoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywalst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo live streamoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywalst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo  catered & kept warm.go wallstreet  anonymous. love you...  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywalst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfodon angry   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywalst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfofree dissolution & slavery  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywalst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo  don up. luv you
rtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhererttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideamtgetting ready  nycutshurt press conference  nyc today. parents tell real story.groupon discount nypd today. gotta read purchase itrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtrt100 officers refused duty today. question  officer… (cont)rtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtfolks  happened today. enormous  nypd pressure  nonviolent activists wo… (cont)rtrt  anon tweet& tell  expectus ve today.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideamtpress release regarding  occupywallstreet arrests today. press conference 6pm.rtmore footage police tactics peaceful march union square today.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  nypd
weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rtpeaceful female protestors penned street maced  occupywallst  egypt usawhen comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels overweight weight...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...important video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleaseweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...occupywallstreet. mark jacobs newark missingweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rt"downtown people"in 1958 dead downtowns  ()weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...
police brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarepolice brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetmedia silent police abuse /brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "thertvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestshame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  viart?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreetrtover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voicert"32 pictures police brutality  occupywallstreet protestsrtour own jeanne mansfield maced  occupywallst. read account police brutality (plus video)rtevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  nypd  brutality  thisiswhatdemocracylookslike  usdor  libertysquare  takethesquare  sept17“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”officer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  policebrutalityoccupywallstreet  police brutality  arrests  msm blackout   goo.gl/qqpo7  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  libertyplaza  mikebloombergmsnbc intense piece nypd brutality sunday       occupywallstreettakewallstreetrtpolice brutality  countries anymore  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetdaily kos "more evidence police brutality occupy wall street:"  nypd unwarranted violence  occupywallstreetrt32 pictures police brutality occupy wall street...   occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet
media silent police abuse /brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtthe silent majority getting message. tide turning. ll help channel discontent.  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersshame onfor brutality rtnypd silent pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protestersshame  nypd brutality  rtnypd silent pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protestersnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1not envy silently rtsurprise surprise shoking news putin run presidentrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters?  ny1 [video]     occupywallstreet  nypdbrutalityrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersbinary tradings.com nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1 york timesnypd silent p...braiden harvey nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1 york timesnypd silent pepper ...nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters york city police department commenti...nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1rtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  occupywallst rtwall st protests police harsh  media silent?
rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagefeed offness media equation julian assange  gilded british cage  [manual offable]feed offness media equation julian assange  gilded british cage  [manual offable]the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...the media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowrtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethanksthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage hand look julian assange’s remote sanc...media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assa...media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian ass...the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage
rtforgiving student loan debt provide immediate jolt economy.   occupywallstreet  occupylalet hope students disobey. fliers circulating today?students  knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  study[edunews] students’ knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  studyglobal education reform  student deserves excellent education  tfa   global  teachforall  educationreformoccupy wall street   tweet student loan debt medical debaffirmative action bake sale students arms controversy cupcakes heating berkeley col...sound familiar? affirmative action bake sale students armsrtnyc students strike join  occupywallstreet . trust professors understand  takewallsteet  ourwallstreetaffirmative action bake sale berkeley college students armsrt5k+ signatures obama recognize  occupywallstreet 10k+ corporate personhood. 18k+ forgiving student loan debtstudents battle dallas cowboys unit sweatshop college apparel   1u  p2  4jobsformer sallie mae board whistle blows  studentloandebt ~corruption~tlot  tcot  occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  obama2012affirmative action bake sale berkeley college students arms nina mandell controversy cup...nursing student helps deliver neighbor baby brooklyn nursing student real crash course delivering...rtoccupywallst   law student & journalist arrested civil disobedience ii video documentation    ows  ourwallstreetrt7 island students charged sat fraud schemert13% & students ready college careers unacceptable time  fixschoolsnyc.affirmative action bake sale berkeley college students arms   york daily newsrtgreat read ~ "detained  occupywallst" rutgers student & journalist  occupywallstreetwe play w/ german students rtsteuben parade nyc german pride
rtwhen wake totalitarian time  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorrtremember  marathon race...well  race  stay strong   occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorwhen wake totalitarian time  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorremember  marathon race...well  race  stay strong   occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorpresident barack obama  occupywallstreet protesters   occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorrtwhen wake totalitarian time  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdoroakland watching & supportingcc/darren mcfadden scores tds  ny jets lose oakland raiders road  34 24 manish mehta oakland raiders ...rtwhen wake totalitarian time  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorrtremember  marathon race...well  race  stay strong   occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorrtpresident barack obama  occupywallstreet protesters   occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorbilly beane nyt "i javert pursuing loaf bread."  love you.  oakland  baseballrtrtoaklandpd scott olsen hit thrown protestor  lies   proofrtus marine veteran peaceful protester shot head & hit stun grenade purpose oaklandpd   usdorrtrtmayor jean quan office 510 238 3141 oakland pd emergency 510 777 3333 call (  occupysf live at...rtif happen bart card   occupysf collecting set move support to/from  occupyoakland  needsoftheoccupiers pls rtrtrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizeeveryday iswe dissentrtnothing wilts faster laurels liberty  rested thejust following acting slaves.  usdorjust handy graphic tear gas defenses  occupy   occupysf  occupyoaklandamazing solidarity statement egypt to/  owsetc
rtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically present"we physically here." responder ill & getting care callrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically present
occupywallstreet calls 4 arrest / imprisoment serial abuser  nypd pig bologna  takewallstreet  libertysquareanthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtfuck anthony bologna. punished  occupywallstreet .rtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdornypd officer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorofficer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  policebrutality<hamhouke> lawerance msnbc offer bologna task. occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrti didnt care  occupywallstreet  nypd captain deputy inspector anthony bologna pepper sprayed deaf woman blank :^(according photog  snr cop mace sprayed defenceless female protestors  occupywallst name bolognathis photog cop maced defenceless female protestors  occupywallst name bolognaphotog correct  mace spraying officer name bologna  occupywallstrtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrt.cowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorno desk duty cops guilty  policebrutality hold bologna responsible  nypd    ows  occupywallstreet  anonymous[…]rtbologna name  nypd maced girl unprovoked  davids camera craft love  occupywallstreetnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.more anthony bologna.   nypd  policertthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdor
rtoccupywallstreet propane conversion kit honda eu200i generator. provide this?  usdorrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycmiddle class suffering sexy budget politics coverage greece  versions?rtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtaje protesters hoped  wallstreet sit  version  tahrir sq police cracked  occupywallst  menartunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycwhoop friggin   nowoccupywallstreet i?nyrtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nyc:) haven reached  assad standards  started way. nypd goesrtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtrtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtthe road revolution 99% uprising (recut maxkeiser.com version)  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nyc
"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet   interview woman arrested yesterday  viaheadlinesrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpeaceful woman penned & maced nazi  nypd  cops    cop  police  policebrutality  brutality  corruption  abuse  newsrti didnt care  occupywallstreet  nypd captain deputy inspector anthony bologna pepper sprayed deaf woman blank :^(rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.wall street  protesters vow fight brooklyn woman front page demonstr...british cut genitals utility knife transgendered british woman planning undergo sex re...cops arrest husband n.j. wife slay husband missing jersey woman found encased cement fill...florida woman shot husband  buried body backyard hog pen cops florida woman charged murder this...rtrtwoman arrested yestrdy  ourwallstreet mariel moshiri  held bellvue ...rtrtwoman arrested yestrdy  ourwallstreet mariel moshiri  held bellvue overnight cuffed chair.  occupywallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
perry own troy davis headachertpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrt"no society history imprisoned people united states."  occupywallstreet  riptroydavisrtbest wishes luck  egypt  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  troydavis  libertyplaza  sept17in europe  outrage u.s. execution troy davis  “...a stain justice system us” ~ mr. badinter“video  nyc  troydavis march confronts  nypd  occuppywallstreetrtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrtapparently execute prisoner save rtjustice troy davisrtrt6 former georgia corrections officers stand w/  troydavis prison staff refus… (cont)rt9/24/2011  occupwallstreet police brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troydavis   antisecrtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.yes    rtrtbreaking   stay execution  troydaviswas troy davis murdered? justice  troy davisrtwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdorrtpolice brutality tonight   video    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers pls retweet  wearealltroydavisrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrtwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdorwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdorrtwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdorrtwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdori in.   (  troydavis  toomuchdoubt  wlf
anthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdor“more 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdor”  oligarchy  democracyrtsaudi king women political role“video awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrtlots women released  snacking sandwiches  cookies  cheese & fruit plates courtesy nyc iww  occupywallstreetrtsaudi king women political rolertpepper spraying innocent women "appropriate" according to?   occupywallstreetphotos sen. gillibrand/rep. hocul cong. women softball game.  uphotodo shirts saying beat crap taze women? herosrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionnyt "where abortion rights disappearing:"  anti abortion forces enacting laws & regs narrowing women choices.“saudi king women political rolertmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtcoffee drinking linked depression womenrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd spraying women chemical weapons street disrupt peaceful assembly   occupywallstreetrtwho saudi arabia letting women vote? revolution works. violence better.   usdornypd violated earlier court settlement penning & spraying women  occupywallstreet.rtfirst coral women net  mace  humiliate   occupywallstreet
rtnypd answerrtf.y.i. answers questions yorkrtquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogetherrtnypd answerrtnypd answerrtquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogethernypd answerrtan african  art exhibition met  ny. seeks answer qualities leaders?   africartan african  art exhibition met  ny. seeks answer qualities leaders?   africartif act badly  bad. feel anger 60 s. pigs back?  american answers.in riddle mideast upheaval  turkey offers answerrtnypd answerrtnypd answerrtdid  fuckyoujpmorganchase ad campaign?  associating themselves w/  freedom.  answer   anonymous?  takewallstreethey  re hereto answer question  local. thestorywhat official protest song? rttweet questions 4 protesters. reporter scene answers.rtrtnypd answerrtnotewas day am  answered reader questions viatwitter. monday too.chris hedges livestream  talking answering questions   occupywallstreetoperation total impact nypd answer subway crime nypd taking recent 16.6 percent ...rtnypd answer
i believe "merkin" tuesday column. anfirst.picked day out.the world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. column...green column questioning europe math biofuels   findings influential european scientists a...what happens handcuffs friend bedroom? guide modern snooping. nyt columngr8 column fromthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape.celiobusinessdesk green column questioning europe math biofuelsgreen column questioning europe math biofuels    celiobusinessdeskop ed columnist top famine  unspeakable violence   york timesglad  occupywallstreet finally nabbed spot  denverpost. 1 1.5 inch "column".  newsfailshout tofor getting mention mark bittman column yesterday | junk food cheaper?rtthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. columngeneralstrike  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet<=== people america domestic enemies. fifth column radical kooks freaks.generalstrike  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet<=== people america domestic enemies. fifth column radical kooks freaks.generalstrike  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet<=== people america domestic enemies. fifth column radical kooks freaks.copper bandit targets nyc subways... copper bandit targets nyc subways...(second column  8th story  link)nyt green column questioning europe math biofuelsdoes sensationalism modern politics scare potentially candidates? nyt column“does sensationalism modern politics scare potentially candidates? nyt columnrt  lumiere column  nytimes  themoment "the  louvre traveled"i love column morning times bittman.  rtis junk food cheaper?rtgreat  cut bs  column byon faux solyndra  scandal
rtmt100 people arrested wall street  mass media spain  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetnytimes adéu catalonia matadors   bullfight sold ban set begin  rest spain i...rti read checking newspaper country spain. la supportfrom madrid  spain. mistreat   mistreat us.this american liberty. fascism  occupywallstreet spain.rtamerica wake     world awakening     usdor  presstorm  usa  tunisia  egypt  spain  bahrain  yemenbest wishes spain. 15th october global demonstration remember. media governments...the american revolution here. egypt  tunis  libya  spain  yemen.. usa .  usdor  occupywallstrtwellcome reality   (from spain) ve behavior barcelona movements.people much. march spain leaving paris heading brussels.video manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasespain banking mess   & low finance   nytimes.comwall street protesters broadcast arrests social media   occupywallstreet  nottelevised  egypt  spainwellcome reality   (from spain) ve behavior barcelona movements.rtamerica wake     world awakening     usdor  presstorm  usa  tunisia  egypt  spain  bahrain  yemenmt100 ppl arrested wall street  mass media spain  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetadéu catalo...  adéu calaonia matadors; bye democracy catalonia.spain isn catalonia.from spain encourage bravest. abandon reason  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ourwallst  worldrevolutionoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   syria  yeman   spain  egypt   libya ?  america  usa democrasy seenot near fun. landlord sixties paddy fought international  brigades spain.ernest hemingway wouldn happy bullfighting dying spain  (via)
rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtdon bullying  absolutely sickening  sinister kids  parents?rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtrtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights "    occupywallstreetmt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights"   patrick bruner.   occupywallstreet viathis >>absolutely owned  nypd unprovoked beatdowns  unionsquare  occupywallstreet   p2  usdorrtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtrtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.love  "occupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]
rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.mtheyy absolutely zero coverage site abt   wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.heywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtmtheyy absolutely zero coverage site abt   wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtmtheyy absolutely zero coverage site abt   wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtmtheyy absolutely zero coverage site abt   wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.
rt “judge lawsuit filed utility wake 9/11 "far fetched"  oh wellrtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographysad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.o.m.g. t.b. quotes true?? “tony bennett tells howard stern sirius xm ‘we caused 9/11?if care  freedom check event country 9/11 occupywallst.orgnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrunning brooklyn battery tunnel tunnel towers 5k support fdny nypd 9/11.trying reverse chinatown post 9/11 slump followfor york breaking news headlines. m...trying reverse post 9/11 slump chinatown  jostling hub gems foot rubs followfor yor...nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrt/11 responder  occupyingwallstreet   calling  anons   anonymous  ourwallstreet  usdor  sept17a little slow share  memory died line duty 9/11 lives ways>nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtlast 9/11 wrongful death suit settledrtpixiq > nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photography
rtnetflix secures deal dreamworksfeed offness netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks  [manual offable]feed offness netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks  [manual offable]blockbuster owner dish takes netflix online service movie rentalsnetflix outbid hbo. dreamworks signed exclusivity deal netflixrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworks   nytimes.com |  via twittelator padforget netflix  occupywallstreet rtshould blame canada netflix split? |  (via)yes  finally movies ate coming netflix  “netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksnytimes netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksum...is smarter  netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks   wow.pogue posts parsing netflix  apologynew developments content deals netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksmore  netflix  dreamworks deal.netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworks. time major hollywood supplier choose web steaming pay tvparsing netflix  apologynytimes netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksnytimes netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks
rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.media swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. / yep  town fools newsworthyrtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.lol yeartis mta twitter? dude  a/c set sub zero now. wtf? re freezingrtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rt"union square park control"  nypd  occupywallstreet   dictatorship  zero democracy. zero rights  live >>rtan impromptu interview themovement.  source info don knowrtrtabout 80 arrested "occupy wall street" demonstrators march  nyc   cj  occupywallstreetrtbe careful tweet  federal reserve soon listening    /viartcorrection  viral youtube clips rastani 750 000 views daysiwilloccupycompleted technical school found zero jobs bc economy field. atis twitter assembly volunteers ground zero  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersmtheyy absolutely zero coverage site abt   wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rt46.2 mil. americans living poverty. rich tax cuts    usdor  usdorin  welfarestateground  zero nypd planted undercover cops  ground zero mosque  protestsground  zero nypd planted undercover cops  ground zero mosque  protestsrtif earn millions wall st  pay tax rate nypd fdny. ground zero workers. teachers...  occupywallstreet127 arrests protest fraud. zero arrests banking fraud   occupywallstreetrt46.2 mil. americans living poverty. rich tax cuts    usdor  usdorin  welfarestate
rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtrtfdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank them… (cont)rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtnypdthankyou  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtak...rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtnypdthankyou  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtak...rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank them… (cont)an  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17
rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>“live wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>   ows  takewallstreetrtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>watching rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtrtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtrtwatch live  occupywallstreet  videostreaming     ourwallstreet  cdnpoli  canpolirtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rt“live wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtwatching rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>live wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpoliamerica yawns  world wakes up. salute america aware.you flash mob lobby bank america buildinglooking   occupyamericartrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertphoto essay wall street—inside american occupation   occupywallstreetoccupy wall street | nyc protest american revolutionrtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtrtpoverty america  //  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  owsrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleaseamerican police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnellrta recap events saturday  occupywallstreet   ows .... americans == proud & powerless....“video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor  listen warning soundthe american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17rtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdor
middle class suffering sexy budget politics coverage greece  versions?if internet kills middlemen  takes creativity survive...& thrive.just (via)us loosing respect middle east bcoz double standard policy  supporting  bahrain dictators supplying weapons. ?.where reporters talk middle east arab spring?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetwall street fuck middle class  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrtunconfirmed reports 100s people arrived overnight  middle aged people  unsure  … (cont)rtwe doing jobbut time to. coasts middle america. follownowrtthe middleman thriving internetthis country join middle east start rioting assholes dont listen fucking  occupywallstreet[nyt world] world briefing | middle east  saudi_arabia  female driver sentenced lashingoccupywallstreet protesters stand middle sotheby contemporary art auction protest art handlers  lockfour syrian soldiers reported killed escape attempt   middleeast"caught camera 4 bears hang  orangecounty tree   middletownoccupywallstreet definite win ordinary guys  epic fail. middle groundrtthey mercenary foot soldiers lower middle class.those hurt elitewell low middle classlesenswert nytimes middleman thriving internet.kochs $ gdp 48 countries;  elizabethwarren defending  middleclass   occupywallstreet  buffettaxrtunconfirmed reports 100s people arrived overnight  middle aged people  unsure  … (cont)rtreynolds organize politically thru church  labor  political party middlemen. no… (cont)there middle class.  workers bosses.iww  occupywallst
danks book marked link re; facebook read later; google track everywhere; searchs; deletesjust commuication via facebook friends/and furfriends here. email via cable company secure.why facebook  twitter some.mexico twitter facebook information survivalrtwe met unexpected resistance twitter facebook. confirmed de trended  occupywallstreet.“mexico twitter facebook information survival  que fuerte  cierto..."nyt "mexico twitter facebook...."  vía• chekenlo "// recomendacion dein politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...mexico twitter facebook information survivalin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...rtmexico twitter facebook information survivalviafacebook steeds actiever washington  lobbies amerikaanse politicirtcould tips linking whats facebook page looprtcarpool  occupywallstreet facebook page  please retweet  ows  needsoftheoccupiers  takewallstreetmexico twitter facebook information survival   nytimes.comrtmexico twitter facebook information survivalrti hope twitter goes facebookrtmexico twitter facebook information survival (nytimes)rtmexico twitter facebook information survivalin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...mexico twitter facebook information survival
rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)there astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)
rtrtpbs journo 9 hours jail & civil disobedience charge. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetst. john red storm basketball coach steve lavin undergo treatment ...st. john red storm basketball coach steve lavin undergo treatment ...rtresearcher sheet paper diagnostic lab.rtgood god  nypd bet met fuck policing protest most? youtu.be/mod2jngttoa  occupywallstreethey  re hereto answer question  local. thestorygrannygunman  goodnight 96 florida woman  amanda rice stevenson  arrested fatally shooting nephewrtoccupy chicago camps midnight front federal reserve bank  (cont)video manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasevideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasevideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasert.i ve tried lately   epicfail.  justsayin. jewish & brutally honest.rtevery time hear  usdor  comes mind. every. time.rtthankrtrtoccupy chicago camps midnight front federal reserve bank  (cont)francesca gessner  steven desipio 2005 2006  bride clerk judge reinhardt. daug...rt.i ve tried lately   epicfail.  justsayin. jewish & brutally honest.writer rich cohen bro  rtcity steven m. cohen  former cuomo  aide  moveswhat cloud daddy re poor?thinks   occupywallstreet  libertysquarert.i ve tried lately   epicfail.  justsayin. jewish & brutally honest.i surprised response nypd. weekend news reporting low anything
rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rt"now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life thre… (cont)rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.


rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilnew york film festival features foreign film  american indies rare opportunities film lovers  read“us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrt:us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilhell  "us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oil
autofollow sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistannew york times...   fflife photographer wall street crime scene photos  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  viartrtrtwall street "crime scene  cross" (photos  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet via… (cont)nytimes cleared crimes stay f.b.i.’s watch listeven cleared crimes stay fbi watch list  procedures drew fire civil li...real crime updates  thisrtbronx 299 east 158 st male shot bring transported traumatic arrest. crime scene ...rtcrimesourcing  crime service & data criminals startup employees (via):...rt"bronx pitman ave & murdock ave male shot doa hospital. crime scene established."rt"brooklyn macdougal st & saratoga ave male stabbed 4 times  victim doa scene. active crime scene."rtbrooklyn 111 clymer st swastika found  ground floor. wspu & hate crime units scene.smh rtbrooklyn 730 rockaway ave  3 people shot. doa scene. level 1 mobilization regards. active crime scene.rtnypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protests   ccureitrt"look people  democracy  dissent crime annoyance. essential.  occupywallstreet  nypd"rteven cleared crimes stay f.b.i.’s terrorist watch listsmhhhh “brooklyn 1506 ocean ave female shot doa scene. crime scene established. 1:00:53 pm”rtwall street  protesters vow fightwow rtbrooklyn 111 clymer st swastika found  ground floor. wspu & hate crime units scene.smhrtbrooklyn greene ave male shot transported traumatic arrest. aided doa woodhull hospital. crime scene establishedsmh rtbrooklyn 1506 ocean ave female shot doa scene. crime scene established. 1:00:53 pmrt"look people  democracy  dissent crime annoyance. essential.  occupywallstreet  nypd"
"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetrtevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreetrtpeaceful female protestors penned maced    occupywallstreetit insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegedivide conquer baby  divide conquer   blueshirtversuswhiteshirtsfbi paid $2.1 million reward tipster led boston mobster james whitey bulgerpresident obama honor 1985 chicago bears white house ... super bowl shuffle coming whit...stop trying ignore    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17hey   nypd racist. women maced white.  takewallstreetrtwhy 24hr news networks  tide discontent spread  occupywallst  occupychi  occupyla  occupysf?.there apetition 2 recognize men& women occupying wall streetobama regognise  occupywallstreetwhite house petition passed   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrthand written sign white poster "nypd... us... you... ...peace"  owslive coverage occupy wall street  call nypd police chief resign   prosecute white shirtsrtwhitehouse petition recognize  occupywallstreetrthand written sign white poster "nypd... us... you... ...peace"  owsrtwhite house petition recognize women occupying wall street    occupywallstreet  libertypark  sept17bloomberg slams buffett tax claims white gloves off. mayor bloomberg sunday slammed billionaire inve...they pepper sprayed protesters standing        takewallstreetrtobama regognise  occupywallstreetwhite house petition passed   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtu candidate    thing. re  ourwallstreetgrps. sing 4 potus
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetrtrtwhere bloomberg? bloomberg money remain mayor? wall street course.  usdorrt?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreet09 21 2011 police forcefully grab   occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  mikebloomberg  libertyplaza"i breathe "   police shoving 10:30am liberty plaza  occupywallstreet   mikebloomberg  nypd  corporategreedpolice arrests morning 20th sep 2011 2  occupywallstreet   nypd  martiallaw  mikebloomberg  corporategreed  owspolice arrests morning 20th sep 2011 1   occupywallstreet   nypd  mikebloomberg  corporategreed  martiallaw  owsajstream continued coverage  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica aje.me/qxpiowmikebloombergoccupywallstreet poster idea  mikebloomberg  obama sucking wall st. bull balls ~  takebackamerica  usdor  libertyplaza  antibanksofficer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  policebrutalityoccupywallstreet  police brutality  arrests  msm blackout   goo.gl/qqpo7  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  libertyplaza  mikebloombergrtdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forcertbloomberg bully pulpit & refuses 2 fight 4  millionairestax. $4.6b cld eliminate cuts  whyrtrtwhere bloomberg? bloomberg money remain mayor? wall street course.  usdorright nowis 10 bad karma period 2010q3  touches rotten  similar  dskrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtpeaceful female protestors penned maced    occupywallstreetrtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloombergthey planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloomberg
rtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksoccupywallstreet fuck obama administration nd richs    usa fuck police york  usa  newyork  sep17rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtlegal team indicating notice served ambiguous legally dubious.  takewallstreet  sep17rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>“i pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17  thankrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtthe world watching nonviolence liberty plaza  viatakewallstreet  sep17usdor  sep24  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  thewholeworldiswatching am2rtrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17rtrtwe won burn out. won sell out.  occupywallstreet  sep17“live wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>“correction   arts+culture committee meet 12:30  3pm.  takewallstreet  sep17”write letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanks  libertyplazathis unsettling youtube.com/watch?v=mod2jn…  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  antibanksoctober2011  chris hedges:why   occupywallstreet  usdor  oct6  antibanks  sep17ray mcgovern   occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011  oct6  sep17  yeswecamp  usdor
23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????rt???????????????  ???? ??? ??????  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23?? ??? ??? ??????? ?????? ???? ?? ??????? ????? ???????  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23rt?? ??? ??? ??????? ?????? ???? ?? ??????? ????? ???????  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23ed jaza.ed amen mek@ chi haskanum lol  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23zurabyan worried speak  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep2323sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 aram sargsyan speaking23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 abijnik@ du es23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 don;t tear throat aram...coz vain23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???????????? ??????????? ????????????????????????  ???? ??? ??????  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep2323sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??????????< levon comingpoor grandpa speaking   23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23poor hardly speak)))   23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23???? ?? ??? ?? ?? ????? ?????? ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23levooooon  stop pissing   23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23?? ???????????  ?? ??????????  ?? ?????????????????  ?? ?????????????  ?? ??????????????   23sep   libertysquare  opposition  hima  sep23???????? ?????? ?? ?? ?????????? ???? ?????????   23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23???? ????? ????? ?? ???? ??? ??????   23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep2323sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ?????????????  ????;? ???? ??? ?????
rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys. /  a99shields /  blackflagmilitiartrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.important hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.
rtfree concert w/a cause>9.26.11benefiting hiv awareness withrtrttons police. protesters staying sidewalk. nypd letting march.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrttons police. protesters staying sidewalk. nypd letting march.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbecause illegal wear mask nyc  wall street ceos staying offices  occupywallstreetrtfree concert w/a cause>9.26.11benefiting hiv awareness withrttalked girl doing chalk drawings. third wave night staying.  occupywallstrtthank youfor staying  occupywallstreet story  reporting earlier & thoroughly else hasrtthank youfor staying  occupywallstreet story  reporting earlier & thoroughly else hasstaying plaza.staying children  prison followfor york breaking news headlines. rita zimmer...free concert w/a cause>9.26.11benefiting hiv awareness withrtrtthank youfor staying  occupywallstreet story  reporting earlier & thoroughly else hasrtthank youfor staying  occupywallstreet story  reporting earlier & thoroughly else hasrtthank youfor staying  occupywallstreet story  reporting earlier & thoroughly else hasrtloving spirit  generalassembly  libertypark  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet crew staying coursertloving spirit  generalassembly  libertypark  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet crew staying courserttalked girl doing chalk drawings. third wave night staying.  occupywallstrtloving spirit  generalassembly  libertypark  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet crew staying coursertthank youfor staying  occupywallstreet story  reporting earlier & thoroughly else hasrtloving spirit  generalassembly  libertypark  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet crew staying coursertthank youfor staying  occupywallstreet story  reporting earlier & thoroughly else has
stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetoccupywallst meaning life stop stupid consumer nd protest wallstreetrtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops homertkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.rt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.rtwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.rttwitter suppressing  occupywallstreet hashtag deliberately   stop twitterrtrtexcessive force nypd sickening.  please stay safe stay strong.  occupywallstreetrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtmany awake  asleep  libertypark... spectacle tourists. stop speak w/us...  occupywallstreetrtplz help 4 public awareness stop  nypd thugs frm violating citizens constitutional right2protest   occupywallstreetobama blacks stop complaining fight  ...  occupywallstreet  nomorecorruption   marijuana   legalizeit  freedomrtaclu ?know yr rights  2 re stopped police  immig  fbi   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrteveryone associated participating  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   stop. damn inspiring.october2011  chris hedges   occupywallstreet  oct6  usdor  stopthemach2011  yeswecamp  owsoctober2011  chris hedges:why   occupywallstreet  usdor  oct6  antibanks  sep17ray mcgovern   occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011  oct6  sep17  yeswecamp  usdoroctober6  time different.this time leaving    usdor  stopthemach2011 plz. retweetnoisy crowd demonstrators former u.s. vice president   antiwar  antibanks  cheney  usdor  stopthemach2011
www.bit.ly/dcdebn antichrist matters politics  www.bit.ly/dcdebnrtno matter repubs voted  corp media minority gop power 2destroy democracy  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17rtwhat matter texas?what ponchos matters seeing using donated items.gray matter smart cities byof nyu rudin center transportation policyrtwe 99%. matter help out. time rise against.rtwhat matter texas?why antichrist matters politics   nytimes.comrtrtthe  ronpaul army stands people  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet matter th… (cont)rtwhat matter texas?rtsomeone  "god bless  cryn." "nah. am foot soldier." rest   takewallstreet  occupyamerica“what matter texas?  <> plus refused debate. now.it money matters east crumbles pitt syracuse bolt ...rtwhat matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?a shout cooking matters mark bittman  lay personal choice argument and...rtwhat matter texas?it doesn matter "side"  massive protest happening ny & aren hearing aboutit. not?  occupywallstreetrtwords matter. interpret shape society & country values. ‘economic security’?the republicans bring feudalism “what matter texas?education  pedagogy  head   character matters  secret success failure?
rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viarthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)tonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight. occupiers hungry  please help yourself.rtrtcornel west speak  occupywallstreet 7 pm tonighton east village radio tonightinvited hardcore & punk rock listeners attend  occupywallst friday @ 3pm.  nycit tonight  world news tonight 2 min   nydailynews times slanted.rtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthe media committee doing inventory cleaning tonight  yay   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnbceveningnews covers  occupywallstreet tonightrtpolice brutality tonight   video    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers pls retweet  wearealltroydavisrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rtoccupywallstnyc excited  denver 1st official  denverga 7pm tonight near  colfax broadwayrtnbceveningnews covers  occupywallstreet tonight
rtrtexcessive force nypd sickening.  please stay safe stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtif lives able  people warm stay temporarily recuperate.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersnews finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay th...nytimes cleared crimes stay f.b.i.’s watch listrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtif lives able  people warm stay temporarily recuperate.  needsoftheoccupiersnytimes finance minister quit russian government   aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...even cleared crimes stay fbi watch list  procedures drew fire civil li...what exciting time  hope ny stay passionate peaceful. empower   occupywallststay strong.stay strong peaceful  occupywallstreet          theworldiswatching  parisnofear  15m  15o  sept17  takewallstreetrtfyi gaza  israeli army shoot live rounds protestors.  occupywallstreet  staystrong   handle  nypd pigs.rtfree concert w/a cause>9.26.11benefiting hiv awareness withrtrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreet““update police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet””rays re joyce  top yanks stay hunt matt joyce lifted tampa bay 5 3 win yankees tuesday nig...rtdespite  nypd efforts  wall street stays occupied  [updated/amended re arrests & eviction notice.]  occupywallstreetrtstay hydrated people.
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responseoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrthelp promotethat starting support offer   occupymadison  occupywallstreetrtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertyou started glorious fire freedom soon warmth warm souls globerthow fall wardrobe coming along? options started shopping snapshots sept. 22   fashionrtrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17occupywallstreet protesters form political party   listofdemands starting point.  freedomparty  libertysquarertafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtgeneralassembly starting  join   ourwallstreet  sep17rtthe movement alive well. gotta start starting now.  occupywallstreet  freedomrthas nfl tackling changed crackdown hits head? look tape startingrtwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demons..rtreminder traveling to/from  jets game. rtport authority toll hike starts sunday   newjerseynyt editorial "president obama’s medicare proposals:"  obama’s medicare plan starting point.rtyou don cause  win   stand children starve billionaires thrive  ourwallstreetarsenal’s jack wilshere surgery arsenal stuttering start season suffered blow n...we start twitter campaign allow  occupywallst trendrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreet
rtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreet.there 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether
rteuro zone death trip| sport| patrick makau sets  world record  berlin     nj dc uk gb kenya dw malawi nigeria ethiopia la europe tx|cnn| wall street protests enter 11th day    la egypt ourwallstreet usdor occupywallstreet ny nyc nj usa dw uk gb europelauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes 2007 european tourkrugman re euroin europe  outrage u.s. execution troy davis  “...a stain justice system us” ~ mr. badinterrtoccupy federal reserve minneapolis   usdor  occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  europeanrevolutionrteuro zone death triprtkeep riding top     www.zoharme.com   graphic commentary lack vision    euro zone death trip“nyt reviews  googlewallet   claims europeans pay swipe mobile.green column questioning europe math biofuels   findings influential european scientists a...rtcoquí “puerto rico gene pool runs deep   taíno  boríken  african  european  heritage”as welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks p...rtwhere buy buttons support  occupywallstreet ? @lauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes 2007 european toureuropeanrevolutionsend message ny police commissioner   ourwallstreet  wiunioncornel west   awesome    ourwallstreet   wiunion  europeanrevolution  p2  wiprog  p2eua pressiona europa agir com força na crise da dividanews analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisismerkel fights political life vote bailout accepted inadequate    eurocrisisrteuro zone death trip
yep  oct15  occupybaystreet babyrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtsolidarity rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet please welcome&occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <leaningtoronto> wish (cont)occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <leaningtoronto> wish (cont)thaxs >>rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtplease follow&now   cdnpoli  cndpoli  canpoli  toronto  vancouver  ourwallstreet  occupycanadartupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.“ty(cont)rt"now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtlove torontotaketoronto  occupywallst join 99%  ford … (cont)rt… (cont)rtcity seven injured scaffold collapses onto bus harlemrtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreetrtsolidarity rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet please welcome&rtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto nation   usdor please rtrtplease follow&now   cdnpoli  cndpoli  canpoli  toronto  vancouver  ourwallstreet  occupycanada
rtpolicestate  policestate  policestatert"2 livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. 3 confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestatertrtnypd checkpoint broadway. viaisthisapolicestate  occupywallstreet  ourwall… (cont)anatomy  policestate rtprotest footage. nypd drag girl street  youtube   takewallstreetnypd arrests 100+  occupywallstreet protests    resistance  solidarity  policestate  policebrutalityrtpolicestate  policestate  policestatertprovocateurs national conventions   occupywallstreet  wiunion  classwar  policestatetwo livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestate200 nypd. 0 emt. exactly priorities are.  policestate  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtas 100 people arrested  occupywallstreet protests. 40+  policestate vans arriving. watch live    sept17two livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestateyes  fucking  policestate. rtpeople congregated discuss own plight. i… (cont)rtunedited   cop knee throat 9/24/2011  occupywallstreet  via{}  policestatertnypd checkpoint broadway. viaisthisapolicestate  occupywallstreet  ourwall… (cont)video 80 people arrested "occupy wall st."   occupywallstreet  nyc  policestate  policebrutality  ows  occupywallstrtrtprovocateurs national conventions   occupywallstreet  wiunion  classwar  policestateoccupywallstreet  usdor  policestatelawrence donnell police brutality occupy wall street  occupywallstreet  usdor  policestatert"nypd targeting photographers   occupywallstreet  nypd  policebrutality  policestate  vote 4msnrtrtprovocateurs national conventions   occupywallstreet  wiunion  classwar  policestateremember folks  brother figment george orwell imagination.  occupywallstreet  usdor  ows  policestate  thoughtpolice
rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersi added photos  sep24  couldn them. :( space flickr.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetdid capitalist camera? mtbusy posting  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet photos. 70 them.rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtnypd bring spirits. increased them. night beautiful. visit  zuccotti & yourself.  occupywallstreetwonder howfeel knowing world watching them. feel magnifying glass?  occupywallstreetrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtoccupywallstreet send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtif nypd collect dna samples protesters  america pharmaceutical industry cure them.  occupywallstreetrtnypd bring spirits. increased them. night beautiful. visit  zuccotti & yourself.  occupywallstreetrtwants riot    don them. stay strong. guys awesome.  occupywallstreetthats bolsheviks told mensheviks  great.have plan them.rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupierssupport  occupywallstnyc  check  needsoftheoccupiers bring them. fighting us.rtamericans mock insult  occupywallstreet don understand them. civil disobedience benefitsrti help protesters wall street real issues . them.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreettcot  p2rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtamericans mock insult  occupywallstreet don understand them. civil disobedience benefitsneed fight about..since ve lived lives. reach them...don wrong  questioning them. info outdated.rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiers
rtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediaglobal education reform  student deserves excellent education  tfa   global  teachforall  educationreformexcellent video    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17  usdorrtan excellent video documenting lifevery inspiring    occupysfrtexcellent democracy vid   owsnews  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17rtexcellent byholding nypd accountable  original video   occupywallstreetexcellent reflection piece police violence past weekend    occupywallstreet  nyc  nypdexcellent article junk food poverty rtthank list demands excellent   occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetwow  excellent  occupywallstreet protesters recognized cancer story  wisdom & warnings.  p1  p21  1urtexcellent byholding nypd accountable  original video   occupywallstreetrtexcellent guardian coverage “  occupywallstreet.  ourwallstreetrtthe real billy beane. excellent piece nyt magazine. look brad pitt.rt piece  occupywallst far. financial media outlet. excellent.rtfollow excellent  occupywallstreet civic journalists… (cont)holy cow  ass? reads excellent piece  oc… (cont)mtkudos tofor excellent  occupywallstreet slideshow ...excellent article.very accurate tells truth .needs sent msmrtthank excellent report  occupywallstreet current tv countdown tonight  ourwallstreet  usdorp2an excellent piece mark bittman. definitely recommend couple min read this.rtcongrats siegel  deluca  boyle  fleming excellentcoverage  occupywallstreet
rtok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtrtbrooklyn battery tunnel closed morning forrun honor ...rtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrunning brooklyn battery tunnel tunnel towers 5k support fdny nypd 9/11.rtourwallstreet cell phone battery holding up? mad bro?rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetthat video edited officer charged assault battery. video everywhere.  occupywallstreetassault & battery defined authorities auspices government.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtdonation ups battery charge laptops  libertyplaza  occupywallstreet  ows  needsoftheoccupiers pls rtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertyparkrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypd
rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rr"brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm"they don obey unconstitutional  supreme court ruled it. inform themrtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmwe demand supreme court overturn ruling giving corporations rights citizens   takewallstreetrtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmthe supreme court kills innocent people home sleep beds remorse. god bless souls killersrtreally?says supreme ct ruling corp= personhood 2 corp control elections. knows? goal 2 disrupt?the supreme court proved citizens .. protested  troydavis ??are forgetting westboro baptist church?? supreme allowed protest 1st amendmentrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm  brooklynrtthe supreme court overrule corporate personage. maybe protesting courts?  ourwallstreetwtf rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtthe supreme court overrule corporate personage. maybe protesting courts?  ourwallstreetahh nyc rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmfugitive  rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm“brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm”rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm |lmao
rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hourspls donate scarves  occupywallsstreet protestors. maybe people wear masks wear scarves warm  sept17 pls rtmaybe ll  rtrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetmaybe triedi ve there... lol. rtmaybe occupy deodorant stick.  p2  occupywallstrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viathe deodorant stick calls protest idea >> rtmaybe occupy deodorant stick.  p2  occupywallstrti 1 fucking squad. maybe ull fucking ill prove day. fags. pussies. lay fuck down.rt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viamaybe parody doubt ripped conservatives  rapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abusesthanks link  hope weekend  maybe ll bump there.rt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viato exercise 1st amendment rights maybe read  nypd violatingrton  maybe isn terrorists concernbut witches.  witches hate water  maybe.. *terrorist witches*rt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. via
rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)al jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtwall st. frequency trade (stealing pensions etc) 600 nanoseconds;  lootin… (cont)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtlabels (left   etc) dilute msg  occupywallstreet | msg (anti corporations) pierce opposition  usdorrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtrtwall st. frequency trade (stealing pensions etc) 600 nanoseconds;  lootin… (cont)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)every religion (christians  muslims  etc)  ideology  own extremists. ignore trolls   occupywallstreet  usdorlabels (left   etc) dilute msg  occupywallstreet | msg (anti corporations) pierce opposition  usdorrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)
occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21if  teaparty &  occupywallst weren bogus  establishment  immigration  trade  etc.  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgprtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersit insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegertnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreeta video gallery 14 actors acting   natalie portman & jame franco etc.rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwest park campers. people  etc.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreeti questions lot  takewallstreet folk offended/mad  etc.we clean qr version distribute  websites etc...  owsrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiershah  rtglen reynolds.   libretarian transhumanist.  "equal protection cyborgs..."  etc.   usdor  conconconeveryone post vid arriving soon fb  linkedin  google+  etc.  bullshit viral.  occupywallstreetrtmultinationals corporations run governments.  operate borders  own security forces  etc.  conconcon
rtmexico ban shark fishing global sanctuary movement grows    sharks  conservation  sanctuarymexico twitter facebook information survival“mexico twitter facebook information survival  que fuerte  cierto..."nyt "mexico twitter facebook...."  vía• chekenlo "// recomendacion demexico twitter facebook information survivalrtmexico twitter facebook information survivalrtessential read by. nytimes mexico social media information survivalmexico twitter facebook information survival   nytimes.comrtrtnytimes mexico social media information & survival  < repression labelled  koreacruzrtmexico twitter facebook information survivalrtmexico twitter facebook information survival (nytimes)rtgreat article social media mexico. shame people silenced reporting truth.rtmexico twitter facebook information survivalmexico social media information survival   (via)as gangs move mexico schools  teachers     (via)rtgreat read mexico using (and sometimes abusing) twitter brutal drug war continues       mexico  drugsmexico twitter facebook information survivalmexico social media battle drug violence |rtmedium size town support pop 35k  populated entirely robots  built mexicortmexico twitter facebook information survivalrtmexico twitter facebook information survival
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarerti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetmeltdown   crashed world   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetpolice riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24video collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvictim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreeticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetwatch video      occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet   libertysquarertpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtrtwhere bloomberg? bloomberg money remain mayor? wall street course.  usdorrtformer  nymayor ed koch "obama reelection express" | york daily newsrtrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetrtrtwhere bloomberg? bloomberg money remain mayor? wall street course.  usdorrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorbloomberg wasn hiding poll watching payment  ex aide haggerty trial former mayor bloombe...careful agent provocateur   takewallstreet  nypdrtmayor bloomberg committed campaign fraud  accused thief john haggerty lawyer ...  save americartnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?i live nyc. explanation police force protesters  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetrtcall  mayorbloomberg  demand release media team marissa  flood office. 212.617.8000  occupywallstreetrtis world you? 8:11   occupywallstreet please  >.<has mayor bloomberg publicly occupation?rtis world you? 8:11  please  >.<rtis world you? 8:11   occupywallstreet please  >.<rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdori hope people violated sue shit  nypd. shame youoccupywallstreetrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobs

michael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrt“all 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nyc”rtmany awake  asleep  libertypark... spectacle tourists. stop speak w/us...  occupywallstreet“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrton top  famine   unspeakable violence  vialooking spokesperson speak  occupywallstreeteverywhere ... help please?rtrtcornel west speak  occupywallstreet 7 pm tonightrtjournalist author chris hedges  speaking  occupywallstreet "the method left reform civil disobedience."  owsrtrtspeaker harvard  ve peaceable assembly  100 cops congregated un… (cont)rt"people arrested speak ga.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassembly "rtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtmyself +down athe speaking 7   alldayallweekrtthe  walloflulz speaks truth america.  ows  occupywallstreet  libertyparkrtchomsky speaks support  occupywallstreetrtnypd... sfpd. harmed ruthless tactics speak meet rights.. threaten you?congrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakrtthanks speaking truth
rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtrip doritos rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsbig chips   ???rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrt"the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips“the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips  dip?rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsgod bless  rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipslol chips>“the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipscreator  doritos buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtr.i.p arch west  creator doritos chips. thanks delicious snacksdump bag arch west  inventor doritos.r.i.p. arch west  creator doritos. ll sprinkle nacho cheese dust honor.rtr.i.p arch west  creator doritos chips. thanks delicious snacksrip doritos creator.  eaten yummy creation reach 97y.o.   coolranchsucks  originalrocksrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips
rtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  via“nypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreet” wtf?occupywallstreetmama  mama noise cops shot girls boys.nypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...rtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetunbelievable protest footage  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreet  libertyplaza  antibanks  corpgreedrtarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdhuge ad bus stop girls 7th birthday 86th lexington bus stop.  uphotortarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypdrtunbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street  ...  don care fed mercinariezmore unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreetwatch 3 minutes  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreetunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    usa  uk  cnn  bah  hrw  canadaunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    cnn  bbc  hrw  news  bah  gccunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    obamausa  ukrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet ..her mother dying & cant afford carertif girl play peter pan  ve played little indian boy life pi.your activist news source unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl acros...thingspeopledothatgetmemad pepperspray peaceful girls  occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreet
rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rttwitter suppressing  occupywallstreet hashtag deliberately   stop twitterrtmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtmore reader published photos anti wall street protests  publish tweeting  uphoto hashtagrtand   occupywallstreet hashtag isn blocked???rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.and  occupywallstreet hashtag isn blocked???rtoccupywallstreet hashtag   revolution formation | truthout  usdor   occupywallstreetrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtclick hashtag  bro  rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtif wish help nyc  indignados  follow hashtag  needsoftheoccupiers users&takewallstreetrtif wish help nyc  indignados  follow hashtag  needsoftheoccupiers users&takewallstreetrtgokil ya? hashtag  occupywallstreet diblock total di amrik. tsk. adikuasaaa... double standard nih >  :prtfollowfor  occupywallstreet hashtag jamming   idea it.rtinteresting social media campaign invalidate  occupywallstreet hashtag tweeting spam/gibberishrtfollowfor  occupywallstreet hashtag jamming   idea it.rtif help  occupywallstreet please check  needsoftheoccupiers hashtag  info.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtplease moment  takewallstreet  occupysf  occupychicago & occupycleveland hashtag solidarity   unity

rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)best "occupy" vid far. deserves enjoyed over. btw  resisting arrest makes worse.   takewallstreetrtlast sept17  2yrs enjoying twitter & more.  2yrs horrific ondoy wrath ordeal  praying won happen more.rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)so glad enjoyed  thrilling.rtreason media enjoys freedom press cover newsu ashamed  occupywallstreetlast sept17  2yrs enjoying twitter & more.  2yrs horrific ondoy wrath ordeal  praying won happen more.occupywallstreet nypd it. nypd hashtag  occupythetombs enjoy pepperspray libtardsenjoyed season premiere; checkrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)george clooney scolding nosy reporter  enjoy watching people ... watch george clooney...occupywallstreetif visit movement site 2day liberty sq. bring enjoyrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)the  nypd *does* enjoy popularity w/ citizens decade. surely empathy  yonder?  occupywallstreetrtbest "occupy" vid far. deserves enjoyed over. btw  resisting arrest makes worse.   takewallstreetrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)i enjoyed time  am thinking now.rtthe reason media enjoys freedom press cover news this.you ashamed.  occupywallstreet
rtrtexcessive force nypd sickening.  please stay safe stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetstay strong.congrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakrtwants riot    don them. stay strong. guys awesome.  occupywallstreetrtnite tweeps.stay safe strong. world place. history evolving. history   ourwallstreet  peacerti stand  solidarity occupying wall st. stay strong.  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrti stand solidarity occupying wall street. stay strong.  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet  p2rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speak

you flash mob lobby bank america buildingmn 8 av & 125 st. building collapse w/ victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ems req scene rush. 2 nypd rpt inj. /rtoccupymn october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  occupywallstreetpleasephoto anthony weiner picking nose rayburn hob building june.  uphotonyt "not smart cities:"  pegasus holdings build medium size town nm desert populated entirely robots.rt. china  india building 4  coal fired power plants week.rtthe invade & win hearts minds people building roads bridges putting locals work.  occupywallstreetrtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrt"it’s biggest obstacles building powerful movement [...] own cynicism & despair."  occupywallstreet herertmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  (cont)rtmanhattan:8 ave & west125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd esu & ems requested scene rushwoaa  rtrtmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly ...rtoccupywallstreet yall people color  bring 12 folks yall build stare.rtfwdbrooklyn ave & east 18 st car store front minor building collapse  serious injuries reported.rtnytimes residential building collapse delhi kills 7 broken beams mounds clay ...   world  news  nyrtmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ...rtrtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedrt (now )ahhh shit rtmanhattan 23 broad st wall street captain requesting esu 9 search building unkrtwall street protesters broadcast arrests social media  buildings arrest real thievesrtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reported
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorfeels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetrtrtwe won burn out. won sell out.  occupywallstreet  sep17rt"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout.  occupywallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdori believe "merkin" tuesday column. anfirst.picked day out.occupywallstreet chicago now. call lawyers police forcing out.opesr  a99  usdor  endthefed  anonwhen nadia nazmin safe completed queens townhall / moved out.  homeless  occupywallst lolrtwe 99%. matter help out. time rise against.chicago now. call lawyers police forcing out. help chicago stay strong   ow  takewallstreetrt"chicago now. call  lawyers  police forcing out. help chicago stay strong "  occupychicago  usdorrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtwhen march  thank nypd marching us. bad seeds picked out.check out...  occupywallst  occupylosangeles  capitalism  greedsmall donors slow return obama fold   tcot  tlot  gop  dem  teaparty hope change out.rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorwe ve people politics  corporations out.  occupywallst  occupyeugene  occupyportland  occupyseattlertit sounds celebrities  occupywallstreet  occupywallstnyc  occupyeverywhere add clout.rttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet victim media black out. anymore  whynow ? hide. lulz ;)  freedomrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorgoing try live stream tomorrow forfrom  occupywallst. check out.
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????? ??? ?????? ??? ? ??? ?????????? ??? ? ??????? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ??? ?????? ????? ? ??????? ??????? ??????????? ??????? ???? ???? ?????? ???? ??????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ????? ???????? ?????? ?????? ???? ????????? ?????? ???????????  ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ???????????? ???????? ????????????? ???   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally??? ???????? ?????????? ??? ????????? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally??? ???????? ???????? ????????? ?????? ??? ???? ????? ? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????????? ??????????  ??? ??? ????? ?????? ????????????? ?? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally??? ?????? ????? ??? ???????????? ? ??????  23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally??? ????? ??????? ???????? ?? ???? ????? ??? ??????? ????? ?????????? ??????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????????? ???? ????? ?????????? ??? 30 ??? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally??????? ??? ???? ?????? ?????? ?????? ?? ???????? ??????? ????? ??????????? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally?????? ??? ?????????? ?? ??? ??????? ???????? ????? ???? ?? ???????     sep17  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
rtformer  nymayor ed koch "obama reelection express" | york daily newsrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetyou kinda name koch tweet. david koch hear koch name.rtcity koch endorses obama 2012rtwell glad koch bros. tired hippy crap nyc cops bust heads..  usdor  p2  occupywallstrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetkoch endorses obama 2012  via"city koch endorses obama 2012rtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetkochs $ gdp 48 countries;  elizabethwarren defending  middleclass   occupywallstreet  buffettaxrtmore people arrested tonight  occupywallstreet usual koch sponsored teaparty "rally."the koch bros. money gdp 48 countries world  classwarrtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetkoch nice guy utterly irrelevant endorses obama. else endorse? perry???rtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetso left call potus "koch whore"? rtrtcity koch endorses obama 2012rtrtcity koch endorses obama 2012rtrtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreet
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrthelp promotethat starting support offer   occupymadison  occupywallstreetrtyou started glorious fire freedom soon warmth warm souls globerthow fall wardrobe coming along? options started shopping snapshots sept. 22   fashionrtrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17occupywallstreet protesters form political party   listofdemands starting point.  freedomparty  libertysquarertafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtgeneralassembly starting  join   ourwallstreet  sep17rtthe movement alive well. gotta start starting now.  occupywallstreet  freedomrthas nfl tackling changed crackdown hits head? look tape startingrtreminder traveling to/from  jets game. rtport authority toll hike starts sunday   newjerseynyt editorial "president obama’s medicare proposals:"  obama’s medicare plan starting point.arsenal’s jack wilshere surgery arsenal stuttering start season suffered blow n...we start twitter campaign allow  occupywallst trendrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...rtcrimesourcing  crime service & data criminals startup employees (via):...cada vez mas buzz de ny + startups. de“is york tech boom sustainable? (pg asks)““nyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17””in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...
thanks reading thertprattsville journal prattsville tavern forges ahead despite floods ruin nyti.ms/nxk7kecurrently readingcurrently readingi awake... tell im spreading "false news"  occupywallstreet  occupytexas  occupyelpasowe spreading word guys  faith     world watchingrtthank  occupywallstreet; re simply watching  tweeting  reading it. <3    ourwallstreetreading  occupywallstreetthank  occupywallstreet re simply watching  tweeting  reading   ourwallstreet  occupymadisonis antidote tea party?  occupy  movement spreading  occupywallstcurrently readingcurrently readingrt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   owsrt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   owsproving writing  rithmatic essential. rtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census nyti.ms/nn9x1qrtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censuswhat re reading fields propel americas top oil companies’ listsrtman reading message solidarity sent noam chomsky assembly. thanks noam   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetcurrently readingso  wk reading(online) everyday kno  2pac "2pacalypse now" album 20yrs 11/12th?currently readingreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census
rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers wr arrested nypd destroying economy? none. wr rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetmartha stewart busted returning call. crashed burned economy? bonuses wtf   occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700brthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2
rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rt"now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life thre… (cont)rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtfwdbrooklyn ave & east 18 st car store front minor building collapse  serious injuries reported.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.mednews looking soldier  home damaged   physical emotional injuries suffered wh...rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtbronx major degan expy s/b van cortlandt park nypd duty mos involved mva confirmed pin   serious injuries reported.rt301 west 125 st fdny beginning remove debris hand. ems treating 14 injuries bus. incident remains dwh.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.
red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bosto...“red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day  los baltimore como siempre las puertasrtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayon baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bost...rtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayon baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayon baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic he...rtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final daysure bosox  suffer til end.. rtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox & rays tied heading final dayon baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day   nycon baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayrtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayrtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayrtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayrtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final daybaseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little ...rtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final daybaseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little...on baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic he...on baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic he...
rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oil“us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrt:us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilhell  "us ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilkein blut für öl mtus amb exciting opps corps libya beyond "crown jewel" oil
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told torti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rtrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  ourwallstreetrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  ourwallstreetrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarertpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution livert"i ll understand arrest "for resisting arrest" gotta circular charge ever."  occupywallstreetrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdori understand  will.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet viartcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtyou don cause  win   stand children starve billionaires thrive  ourwallstreetrtthank   chitownstandup rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersus loosing respect middle east bcoz double standard policy  supporting  bahrain dictators supplying weapons. ?rtcome senators  congressmen  please heed call  don stand doorway  don block hall  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartnypd officers  stand 4? 2 ppl  own personal struggles protesters  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerkeep  stand strong help another. canadians amongst supporters
in catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest s...in catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest ...in catalonia  day bullfightingnews catalonia  day bullfightingfeed offness catalonia  day bullfighting  [manual offable]feed offness catalonia  day bullfighting  [manual offable]in catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest ...in catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest ...nytimessports catalonia  day bullfightingin catalonia  day bullfightingin catalonia  day bullfighting  la ultima corrida de toros en catalunya  en el ny times  feministaentwitteradéu catalonia matadors | catalonia  day bullfighting  víafini les corridas en catalogne (ny times) catalonia  day bullfightingarticle del nytimes sobre la darrera correguda de toros la monumental  catalonia  day bullfightingin catalonia  day bullfighting   bullfighting  nyttimesin catalonia  day bullfightingil restera les boeufs   rtfini les corridas en catalogne (ny times) ...last day bullfightingin catalonia  day bullfightingcatalonia  day bullfightingthe york times goes hard bullfighting issue catalunya... thanks tofor sharing...in catalonia  day bullfighting
rtrapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abuses...rtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks p...rtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futuredefends video parody welfare abuses (i wasn aware otherwise)   tcot  teaparty  p2  tlotvideo ripped conservatives  rapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abusesas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future  coming country nearas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futuremaybe parody doubt ripped conservatives  rapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abuseslol"ripped conservatives  rapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abusesdtn usa welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks ...rtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future"as welfare collapses  greeks suffer & fear future  usa crap shootrtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurertas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurerapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abuses...is "welfare rapper" ...a republican?    tcot  tlot  topprog  welfare  liberals  conservatives  gop  dem  whocaresgreeks fear collapse welfareas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurenytimes worried greeks fear collapse middle class welfare
rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtwaterlogged subway tracks 125th street & st. nicholas  viartupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtservadv uptown  via local b/t 125th st & 168th st due water condition 145th st. expect delays  inwood  wahirtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.update scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtscaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  17 injuries  life threatening.  [can lawsuit .]rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.whoa rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.water main break > hurricane. rt125thstfloodedtracks091911.jpgrtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.now hr half ride  smh  rtsubnews scene express tracks 125th (cont)subnews scene express tracks 125th st        d.impact water main break @ 106th st & central park westsubnews major water     tracks    8 10 ft water 110th & 103rd st addition damnage 125th stsubnews maintainers setting portable pumps 125th st pump water tracks caused water main break
rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried toni… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)there astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)
rtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viarthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsto establishment  liheap debatable. reducing  immigration heresy.  teaparty  occupywallst  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgp"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreet  occupychi  occ ...rtif lives able  people warm stay temporarily recuperate.  needsoftheoccupiersjust commuication via facebook friends/and furfriends here. email via cable company secure.rtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrton top  famine   unspeakable violence  viartprotesters continue flood  wallstreet   sept17  takewallstreet  cdnpoli  ableg  uspoli  p2  p2b  endwar  endpovertyrt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable."  john f. kennedy  occupywallstreetunbelievable protest footage  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreet  libertyplaza  antibanks  corpgreedrtover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementrtif lives able  people warm stay temporarily recuperate.  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtunbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street  ...  don care fed mercinariezmore unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreetrtrtspeaker harvard  ve peaceable assembly  100 cops congregated un… (cont)
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ???????????? ???????? ????????????? ???   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????????? ??????????  ??? ??? ????? ?????? ????????????? ?? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rallyrt????nyc??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????ny??????????????????  ???? ??? ? ????????? ????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rallyrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrt???????????????  ???? ??? ??????  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep2323sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima    ??? ? ????? ?…. ????????????? ????? ????????? ??????rtrtamerica 2.0 installation   12% complete ... (continue? y/n) yes ?????????????????????????  ourwallstreet  usdorrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreet
rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtlegal team indicating notice served ambiguous legally dubious.  takewallstreet  sep17banks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetrtoccupymn october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  occupywallstreetpleaseand nyc doorman is...best "occupy" vid far. deserves enjoyed over. btw  resisting arrest makes worse.   takewallstreetoccupywallstreet day 10 occupations federal reserve branches beginwhere you? reporter forhere.rtoccupy federal reserve minneapolis   usdor  occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  europeanrevolutionbill max keiser gold left fort knox  segment fractional reserve currency &  ows  sept17rtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorglobal education reform  student deserves excellent education  tfa   global  teachforall  educationreformwww.puertochan.org supports  occupywallstreet  gritodepuertochan google  fractionalreservebankingrtrtrtwe legal help fast. owns sidewalk front fed reserve. polirtsent friend  outstanding feminist criminologist  hard day. "perfectly ordinary kids" deserverttheis suppose serve & protect  intimidate & harass    shame nypd  protesters peaceful.rtsave usaron paul deserves publicity   foxnews  msnbc  cnn shame    ronpaul  gop  bieber  obama  love ron paul  occupywallstrtboycottburgerking refusing serve wall street protesters  occupywallstreet  solidarityrtserver upgrading. ll soon.  occupywallstreetrtwas nypd authorized pepper spray peaceful observers? lengthy investigation saturday incident.
rt"coming eyewitness news 6 n.j. burkett interviews medford pharmacy murder suspect david laffer."interviews mayor bloomburg mention  occupywallstreet ?  guys completely oblivious reality.rtunderground politics  msnbc interviews  occupywallstreet protester kelly heresy   takewallstreet  tlot  topprog  p2the truth importance admissions interviews.“meet press interviews mike bloomberg  mention  occupywallstreet (cont)interviews liberty plaza yesterday morning march.  occupywallst  nyc  videowell dressed ready interviews   occupywallstreet  theother991 nypd cops blatantly beating peaceful protestors wall st. caught tape  2 piers morgan interviews michael moorertrtmeet press interviews mike bloomberg  mention  occupywallstreetlets  invite foreign press interviews? thought. peace fed  usdor  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstcan contact please  people interviews. press.orgmeet press interviews mike bloomberg  mention  occupywallstreet middle east   occupywallstreet.rt“meet press interviews mike bloomberg  mention  occupywallstreet (cont)rtrtmeet press interviews mike bloomberg  mention  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet interviews & analysis   ourwallstreet  owscoming eyewitness news 6  n.j. burkett interviews medford pharmacy murder suspect david laffer.rtdear protesters   askmike hahtag mayor bloomberg stuff regarding  occupywallstreet  doing interviews week rtrtrti ve eavesdropping interviews  occupywallst.  eloquent  measured smartrtlets  invite foreign press interviews? thought. peace fed  usdor  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtrtmeet press interviews mike bloomberg  mention  occupywallstreetrtreceived email noam chomsky  bringing attention talks interviews urging support.  occupywallstreet
rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetflorida woman shot husband  buried body backyard hog pen cops florida woman charged murder this...rtrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hrs jail & charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetyes is. shock held remand  arrested charged allrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hrs jail &charged civil disobedience. 4 reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetthat video edited officer charged assault battery. video everywhere.  occupywallstreetrt7 island students charged sat fraud schemertpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet
rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationthe  nypd ashamed actions.  handle peaceful demonstration  they?rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatswall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstration (nydailynews)  susansarandonibtimes " occupywallstreet protests absurd demonstrations generation"   usdorwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threats violent clash marching the...wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtdemonstration solidarity  occupywallstreet  condeming weekend police violence. fbook event   sep17rtrtoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrt7 protesters arrested wall st. demonstration    sept17  revolutionrtrtoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsbest wishes spain. 15th october global demonstration remember. media governments...wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threats violent clash marching the...nypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threats“ibtimes " occupywallstreet protests absurd demonstrations generation"   usdor”rtactivists bring wall st. demonstration willis tower     occupychicago   anonymous  culturertthousands people protest morocco  following call demonstrations february 20 movement
rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtdistinctive mission muslims’ conference remembering holocaustrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginand  abcnews?  protest didn violent. cops did. distinction. h/t coverage week on.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begindistinctive mission muslims’ conference remembering holocaustthe soul rabbi distinctive mission muslims’ conference  remembering holocaust  nytimes.com
autofollow sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistannew york times...   ffrtyow revradio real  devil qwerty   occupywallst  takewallstreetrtmelt holey roman  melt devil  melt masons  melt paedeo  occupywallst  takewallstreetbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.com  sopranos afghanistan warrt"kill messenger" book examines media perpetuated evil |  occupywallstreetthaxs >>brutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesscott niedermayer no. 27 retired jersey devils ...   york daily newsrtyour strenght people process  occupywallstreet  generalassembly  realdemocracyrtrtrt message 2 love 2 brave peaceful  occupiers propelled  day 10  occupywallstreetrtrtis "arab spring" finally coming america??   occupywallstreetrtrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking ofbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistanbrutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos af...this act gov  turhed  ukofamerica  eviltory controlled  condemned govrtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.comrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto nation   usdor please rtrtbreaking evil nyc cops spraying lethal dozes febreeze hippies    usdayofrage  p2  occupywallst
love   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17  yeswecamp  humanism  ourwallstreet  whynowloving itis complete  anon message   occupywallstreet  whynow  whynotrtso  whynow  occupywallstreet ? time.rttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet victim media black out. anymore  whynow ? hide. lulz ;)  freedomrtget word people aren date   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  otn  ows  whynowrtget word people aren date   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  otn  ows  whynowin addition  path "austerity" path economic collapse. economic history taught this.  ows  whynow"...across us..." world.  watching happens nyc  occupywallstreet  whynowthomas ferguson talks committee chairs sold congress   ows  occupywallstreet  whynowoccupywallstreet tweeters hijack hashtag coverage   thatoneex  whynow  somwhereinthehoodoccupywallstreet  whynowcover storyrtwethepeople  occupyearth believe  whynow?  whynotthen?  whynotnow?  occupywallstreet  usdorrtget word people aren date   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  otn  ows  whynowrtwethepeople  occupyearth believe  whynow?  whynotthen?  whynotnow?  occupywallstreet  usdorhey  occupywallst    twitter blocked trend   whynow world  ows  corperategreedrthey  occupywallst    twitter blocked trend   whynow world  ows  corperategreed   .hey  occupywallst    twitter blocked trend   whynow world  ows  corperategreed   ..hey  occupywallst    twitter blocked trend   whynow world  ows  corperategreed   ...hey  occupywallst    twitter blocked trend   whynow world  ows  corperategreed   ....hey  occupywallst    twitter blocked trend   whynow world  ows  corperategreed   .....hey  occupywallst    twitter blocked trend   whynow world  ows  corperategreed   ......
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallstrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetwhy am troll republic ? cause twitter account & ve pulled tweets ?rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpleasantly surprised thathas pulled  occupywallstreet  usdor videos yet.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetmttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. ...
rtfor billy beane  winning isn’trt"junk food cheaper real food..this plain wrong. isn’t cheaper eat highly processed food"rtgreat read... rtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtfor billy beane  winning isn’twell good. kid  rtfor billy beane  winning isn’tfor billy beane  winning isn’t“for billy beane  winning isn’tfor billy beane  winning isn’tmoneyball = movie sports nerds....see  "for billy beane  winning isn’tgreat read... rtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtmatt taibbi isn’t wall street jail?matt taibbi isn’t wall street jail?rtfor billy beane  winning isn’tgreat movie  it. rtfor billy beane  winning isn’t+1  rtfor billy beane  winning isn’t  (via)the phony solyndra scandal nyt  real winner isn’t taxpayers house rs. it’s chinese solar industry.high court rules port authority isn’t liable ’93 bombingrtfor billy beane  winning isn’talcohol isn’t worth trouble chain restaurantsrtfor billy beane  winning isn’t
20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarehey  join  nyc? tell reason  iwilloccupy fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalstrikethere reason using mace people..tax payer bailout banks "too fail" 99% austerity  bankster criminal arrests  reason  occupywallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrthey  join  nyc? tell reason  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupytakewallstreet...rtdisgusting behavior nypd. female protester penned maced apparent reason.   occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtthis reason yall    suffering $  health  etcrthey  join  nyc? tell reason  iwilloccupy fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetthis from... news wrong reasons   >rtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet reason there. trivialize humanity.in 2009  25 hedge fund managers  earned  658 000 entry level teachers. reason  occupywallst.rtrttweet reason 2  iwilloccupy & top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetcheck out...  occupywallst  occupylosangeles  capitalism  greedrtrt10 reasons execution troy davis proceed. murder reaso… (cont)rtbe bigger reasons   occupywallstreetrtmy reason  occupywallstreet kids country wont pay debt didn causertreason media enjoys freedom press cover newsu ashamed  occupywallstreetwas disturbed yesterday  seeing video nypd pepper spraying women reason?  (via)  nonviolence ?
rttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreettons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet“i heading  occupywallstreet afternoon ” news. thx keeping informed. press passes yet?rtok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bosto...“red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day  los baltimore como siempre las puertasrttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtokay ll heading home  tomorrow revolution  nice day  occupywallstreet  usdorokay ll heading home  tomorrow revolution  nice day  occupywallstreet  usdorrtprotesters heading  libertypark church street. 9/27/11 3:40 p.m.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  owsrtivan marovic bringingnyu audience  occupywallstreet now. heading subway...rtafternoon march heading cedar street.  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayon baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bost...rtword 700 people liberty park  occupywallstreet ll heading shortly.just fine thanks.  heading nyc week.  occupywallstreetrtbig  loud protest bridge st  heading north broadway.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreeti heading  occupywallstreet afternoonrtafternoon march heading cedar street.  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.muahahaha. rtconconcon david cobb event tinkering prematurely wit… (cont)rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.
rtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersthank you.thank everythingrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank“i pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17  thankff  occupywallstreet packagethanks peacei mom. same.  nypd lucky re suing  instead. thank it.rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtobamaadviserswarnedofloandanger solyndra failure bit.ly/op3ibe  takewallstreet  p2  nowthatsprogressive thanks adminthanks reading thertprattsville journal prattsville tavern forges ahead despite floods ruin nyti.ms/nxk7kertthank retweeted  occupywallstreet video. gone viral possibly censored. online social media ftw“jee thanks  rtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injury  yikesrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtthanks  takewallst  solidarity  usdorrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetthank youbeautiful speech.  takewallstreetthe media finally  occupywallst coverage.  unfortunately coverage biased misinformation.   thanksmedia
i involved protest  gonna treated nypd treating protestors.rtdoesn  occupywallstreet worth covering till police roughed protestors.rtin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.pls donate scarves  occupywallsstreet protestors. maybe people wear masks wear scarves warm  sept17 pls rtrtnew york police viavideos unnecessary force peaceful protestors. pay economy crashes?rtfyi gaza  israeli army shoot live rounds protestors.  occupywallstreet  staystrong   handle  nypd pigs.rtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.but nypd bring peaceful protestors.the nypd plane baffled peaceful protestors.  occupywallstreetrtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtamerican spring   unofficial demands  occupywallstreet protestors.rt.the world watching  ows . seen evidence try silence peaceful protestors. forget.nypd violates civil rights peaceful america protestors.no democracy.    globalrevolution livertnypd brutalising protestors.  don unnoticed.  policebrutality  occupywallstreetrtthis & peacefull protest.  ourwallstreet seen happy nature protestors.rtpolice officers look relaxed morning. maybe realized danger whatsoever coming protestors.  usdorrtin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.rtthe nypd plane baffled peaceful protestors.  occupywallstreetrtthis isn time tony bologna attacked protestors.   occupywallstreet
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtrtbig media afraid wall street protest seriously   ourwallstreet  vancouver  cdnpoli1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallstrtrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtdo expect corporate media report folks protestin… (cont)rtrtpoverty america  //  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  owsrtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtrt1 vote remove cannabis schedule 1 drug list & decriminalizationourdemandsrtrtokay. confirmed thatblocking  occupywallstreet trending    ourwallstreet  cdnpolirtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtsolidarity rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet please welcome&rtah  please welcome  occupy memberourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdor  cdnpoli  occupycanada  owsrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolithaxs >>rtcall iraq veterans war join  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet    stopwar  veterans  solidarity

rtrtexcessive force nypd sickening.  please stay safe stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forcertlawyers investigating escalating excessive force/coercion/brutality  nypd  occupywallstreet world watchingrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrti envy job nypd training crowd control excessive forcertwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerphoto documentation police brutality  occupywallstreet  sept17 protests. protesters complain excessive force.rtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtpolice excessive force "rioters".rtdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forcertwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongeri envy job nypd training crowd control excessive forcertwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongeranother ny1 news report nypd using excessive force protesters  occupywallstreetrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtrtrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerexcessive force police innocent peaceful demonstrators? [must watch]   takewallstreetif studied law  consider/investigating t.escalating excessive force/coercion/brutality/force  nypd  occupywallstreet
rta recap events saturday  occupywallstreet   ows .... americans == proud & powerless....on baseball verlander  magical season  25th win win saturday  justin verlander’s 201...protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march scores protesters arrested manhattan saturday m...two rookie cops $667k coke bust pair quick witted rookie cops epic arrest saturday they...utah residents strip underwear hundreds people utah stripped underwear saturday ni...protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march scores protesters arrested manhattan saturday m...rtsaturday  sept17 citizens ashland oregon gathered front city hall solidarity  occupywallstreet protest  usdorrtwas nypd authorized pepper spray peaceful observers? lengthy investigation saturday incident.was nypd authorized pepper spray peaceful observers? lengthy investigation saturday incident.  //  fuckthepolicertrturgent  14 cats killed tomorrow saturday september 24  2011 by. please adop… (cont)him saturday sept17  doing wonderful..but unable receive mail personally fans..rtprotesters arrested saturday claim spent 9.5 hrs custody  1st (cont)protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march scores protesters arrested manhattan saturday m...rtplease 99% mass march saturday zocutti park 12pm  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease 99% mass march saturday zocutti park 12pm  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetinteresting  nypd wake saturday march   occupywallstreet   ows   takewallstreetrtshowplugps video caustic chemicals protestors saturday     nypd officerat occupy wall street assembly meeting  announced planning "huge" march saturday 3pm““i saturday people ” //  iwilloccupy”rtrtplease 99% mass march saturday  zucotti park 12pm  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrt“i saturday people ” //  iwilloccupy
rtthis goes incredibly brave rebels america  re plan...rtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionprefab goes design...:) haven reached  assad standards  started way. nypd goesrtthis goes incredibly brave rebels america  re planning alread… (cont)rti uploaded avideo  nypd goes postal marchanderson cooper goes owner tells to.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstnycrti hope twitter goes facebookrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionthere isn day goes don wonder ppl vote repug. voting own inexplicable.  occupywallstrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtrtreporter arrested  occupywallstreet goes jail  writes story   read   owsthe york media goes world cover protests won walk street cover  occupywallstreet  wiunionnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtrtcrowd goes crazy wild  michael moore nyc   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupyamerica  usdorrtcitizen journos live tweeted days  occupywallstreet raise $9000 transport  extra goes  needsoftheoccupiers
autofollow sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistannew york times...   ffbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.com  sopranos afghanistan warbrutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistanbrutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos af...brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.comus wish russia stuck afghanistan now.“brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s.feed offness brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  [manual offable]feed offness brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  [manual offable]brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos t...rtbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s.  afghanistan   pakistanbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan  hire folks security gated community.news brutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime...brutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york timesbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan haqqani network sopranos af...brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistanbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york times sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani...   newsbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistan   york timesrtbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s.  afghanistan   pakistan
pic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtnypd disgusting  police blocking netting father pushing child baby stroller   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtpolice netting 5th ave 14th st. march 13th instead uni… (cont)rtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchnypd disgusting  police blocking netting father pushing child baby stroller   occupywallstreetrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet march“here rtpolice coming netting.”.be nice world watching judgingrtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtpolice netting. look set kennel. god hope blood. gotta call mom.   protester  occupywallstrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrtrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yeste... ow.ly/1epjx5rtrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yeste...rtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet march
rthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.what exciting time  hope ny stay passionate peaceful. empower   occupywallstrthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rttheis suppose serve & protect  intimidate & harass    shame nypd  protesters peaceful.ourwallstreet  thewholeworldiswatching frustrated pumped  please peaceful.  please encourage  nypd.rtdespite abuse nypd... remain peaceful. donut   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt90% believe peaceful. makes sense  are. poll   occupywallstreet  p2rthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rtit intended peaceful. sending support encouragement  occupywallstreetrtsupporters  occupywallstreet   tweet attell tazers. peaceful.hey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)theis suppose serve & protect  intimidate & harass    shame nypd  protesters peaceful.despite abuse nypd... remain peaceful. donut   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.hey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)entirely peaceful.rthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.
rtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks p...rtcity seven injured scaffold collapses onto bus harlemrtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future  coming country nearrtcity seven injured scaffold collapses onto bus harlemas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futuredtn usa welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks ...rtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future"as welfare collapses  greeks suffer & fear future  usa crap shootrtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurertas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurebuilding collapses harlemas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurertas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futuregood didn walk morning  |rtscaffolding collapses bus harlemrtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurecloser look middle class reality "as welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future"  greece $$rtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future
rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsetyra banks shares struggles readers fierce runway  heart  supermodel tyra banks ...rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response“some readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsetyra banks shares struggles readers fierce runway  heart  supermodel tyra banks ...rtreaders’ street style photos trench coatsrtoccupywallstreet   people  protests & pics sent daily news readersrtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response
mexico twitter facebook information survival“mexico twitter facebook information survival  que fuerte  cierto...mexico twitter facebook information survivalrtmexico twitter facebook information survivalrtessential read by. nytimes mexico social media information survivalmexico twitter facebook information survival   nytimes.comrtrtnytimes mexico social media information & survival  < repression labelled  koreacruzrtmexico twitter facebook information survivalrtmexico twitter facebook information survival (nytimes)rtmexico twitter facebook information survivalmexico social media information survival   (via)mexico twitter facebook information survivalrtgood police corruption  occupywallstreet caught camera.  nwo  pigsin concrete jungle live  survival love  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17  yeswecamp  humanismrtmexico twitter facebook information survivalrtmexico twitter facebook information survivalmexico twitter facebook information survival   <   complain featuresrtmexico twitter facebook information survivalrtmexico twitter facebook information survival"mexico twitter facebook information survival  gente   lean estortin mexico  social media survival tool  filling gap left terrorized press
rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.mtheyy absolutely zero coverage site abt   wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rthow york times website breaking info re  wallstreetprotests?rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.heywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.how york times website breaking info re  wallstreetprotests?rtmtheyy absolutely zero coverage site abt   wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rthow york times website breaking info re  wallstreetprotests?rthow york times website breaking info re  wallstreetprotests?rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtmtheyy absolutely zero coverage site abt   wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.
stephen exec director interviewed cheryl willisrtrtwax poetic bout separation leg  exec  jud powers.  owned fickle disloyal incom… (cont)in europe  outrage u.s. execution troy davis  “...a stain justice system us” ~ mr. badinternyt ubs chief executive oswald j. grübel resigned  "rogue trading" scandal cost swiss bank $2.3 billion.rtapparently execute prisoner save rtjustice troy davisrtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.yes    rtrtbreaking   stay execution  troydavis"a dreadful week  barbaric execution  troydavis georgia." dreadful indeed.   (rtbasicallysays major media executives  nytimes  ap  al jazeera "duped"“rt++++what resist  troydavis execution final hours++++   toomuchdoubt”rtrttroydavis due executed tomorrow despite evidence  (cont)rtrt10 reasons execution troy davis proceed. murder reaso… (cont)rtrt10 reasons execution troy davis proceed. murder reaso… (cont)instead waiting storm aid  online yourself movement peg ellsworth  executive director o...faceless/unaccountable? talking bank execs? police supposed protect people  occupywallstreetrt* congress  executive  & judiciary bought paid lobbyists  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherert* hard won union representation disbanded obscene corp exec salaries  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherertevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.events  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtexec summary "complete view founders’ plan" laurence tribe critiqued  conconco… (cont)
rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreert20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtbosses health care charities pulling six figure salaries help tax..rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17mtfull vans nypd pulling onto street(s). wits you. careful. ...rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17
“i pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17  thankrtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17don nypd rti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtlol <3this pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17i pretty summarizes moodi pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17this website summarizes events bahrainrtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17"i pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17
suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...you re  takewallstreet crowd service gluttons bust  union & pension.noisy crowd demonstrators former u.s. vice president   antiwar  antibanks  cheney  usdor  stopthemach2011blogger reveals identity occupy wall street nypd senior responsible macing crowd  viawsusmand news  screaming overcrowding  action pleasertanother pic crowd  libertyplaza  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtjust left  occupywallst   healthy peaceful crowd hundreds  sign dying  towners  heavy police presencerti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtrtrtthe crowd union square breathtakingly large.  occupywallstreetrtpaul mccartney ballet wows lincoln center crowdrtat 2 guys yankees caps. biggie  yankees insignia commonly undercovers identify themselves crowds  occupywallstrtshould nypd officers trained crowd control?rti envy job nypd training crowd control excessive forcertrtthe crowd union square breathtakingly large.  occupywallstreetrtrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtcity classroom overcrowding 10  unionoccupywallstreet  crowdsourceprotest crowdsourced  grassroots protesting. trying force particular mold kill it.rti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtlibertypark  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows drum circle gathering crowd broadwayrtrtcrowd goes crazy wild  michael moore nyc   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupyamerica  usdorrtamazing photos here. mtfiltered thru hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreet
rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17goodnight   wiunion. tomorrow head  occupywallstreet. ll  promise.rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17one easy  effective quantifiable solidarity  occupywallstreet ditching retail bank credit union.rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real   change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet   sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rthave kept ours credit union.  mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreetrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17want real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17have kept ours credit union.  mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreetrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17what support  occupywallstreet? dumped bofa & profit credit union. lie.rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtoccupywallstreet  iww joining  wallstreet protesters huge  ty union...now hv unions join  please   sept17
in speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerwhy  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpmuslims:"let irvine 11" warning jews freedom speech hecklers belief jewish judges w/no muslim benchrtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracybbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   antibanks  takebackamerica  usdor  owsbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdornyt profile speech ronald reagan library  christie didn address speculation 2012 run prez.nyt "after speech  christie revels pleas run:"  christie discourage speculation supporters.thank youbeautiful speech.  takewallstreeti love charles barron talks  dull moment speech. don agree himrtny  paris battle freedom speech  occupywallstreet  parisnofear  acampadaparisrtinspiring speech  generalassembly "this america. america"  occupywallstreetclinton obama tax plan speech albany   former president bill clinton declared stirring speech ...rtbbc speechless trader tells truth "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"      takewallstreetrtlack free speech+right peaceful protest:ugly western  democracy . police crack  occupywallstreetrtreal criminals impede natural birth peaceful protest & speech.  occupywallstreet  usdorrtmichael moore speech liberty square <>   occupywallstreet <> video <>   ajenglish  cbs  abc  msnbc  takewallstreetrt"apathy tacit approval status quo"  occupywallstreet  freedomofspeech  civildisobediencert“inspiring speech  generalassembly "this america. america"  occupywallstreet”rtbehold glorious extermination dissent free speech useful tools  dalekswin  alwaysnypd care free speech  ll crash plane
there reason using mace people..rtit harder arrest singing people yelling people. yer songs  revolution   occupywallstreet  sept17  libertyplazartit harder arrest singing people yelling people. yer songs  revolution   occupywallstreet  sept17  libertyplaza"leave authority existing responsible people."   thomas jeffersonoccupywallstreetrtwhatever happened american left?  page best..reconnect w/ordinary people.rtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtstay hydrated people.rtjulie pepper sprayed 12th university 5 people. reports nypd targeted women.  owsrtwhat  occupywallstreet need? people  people  people  99% apathy aside time people.  takewallstreetrt.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorno. srength people..it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrtnyc paid $12m housing subsidies dead people...   tcot  tlotrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersthis feelings. sleeping park 500 people. sweet dreams  occupywallstreetrtnypd join  occupywallstreet cuz promises rhetoric; word honor people.  ourwallstreetrtpolice officer line 4 bathroom "keep  people. remember...ghandi"  sep17  occuywallstreet  antibanks  usdorrtobama talks game. 100% owned wall street .get clue people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
following  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info4hitlers following too.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplaza  antiwar  owsrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreeti   twitter weekend following.  madskillz : )now followinginteresting tweeters newly met. followinglooking 4ward 2 postingscatching happened  occupywallstreet protests followingbest wishes all.rtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrthey  nypd  hitler following too.  justsayin  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetcouldn reply message b/c re following me. yeah  wait  hopefully llthat  ve followingi realize crime esp "our bk"just following... ll see... questions... lots questions... spread links... eyes openfollowing  watchingstill live streaming  occupywallstreet  4.1k+ following you?  anonymous  culture support follownypdthe nazis following    occupywallstreetnypd following march orange fence. peaceful far.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetplz 1st official  denverga meeting tuesday  sep27 7pm following obama speech  denver  occupydenver  occupythenationplz 1st official  denverga meeting tuesday  sep27 7pm following obama speech  denver  occupydenver  occupythenationinypd  following tweets  headsthis following her. rttribe talking political discourse i… (cont)
in arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerin arizona accent hinder teacher’s career  serious? 4get arizona belonged mexico?rtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careeran accent hinder teacher’s careerrtwtc construction workers frustrated now. ppl brought furniture( ) hindering walking paths.rtwtc construction workers frustrated now. ppl brought furniture( ) hindering walking paths.?  ows ?yes  u. understood  korea  tweeple @  economicmayhem  hinderance freedom +?in  arizona  complaints  accent hinder  teacher’s careerin race bottom  arizona takes lead. arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerif teach english school  speak fluently. complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtarizona "accent police" accent hinder teacher career   latism  educationrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careernytimes arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s career  definitely don teach englishin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s career  rtazin  arizona  complaints…an accent hinder teacher’s career  visiting  schwarzenegger regarded?  sb1070
rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17i  occupywallstreet (liberty plaza  broadway liberty street  manhattan) w/ 2rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrtnypd checkpoint broadway. viaisthisapolicestate  occupywallstreet  ourwall… (cont)rtoccupywallstnyc excited  denver 1st official  denverga 7pm tonight near  colfax broadwayrtrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreeholy shit rtmanhattan box0803  broadway & west 44 st elevator dropped approx 3 floors ...rtyes  denverga meets 7pm near  colfax broadway...water essential  needsoftheoccupiers  occupydenverrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17international business times  occupywallstreet protestors fight broadway; 80 arrested  viart20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtlibertypark  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows drum circle gathering crowd broadwayactually truck block stop liberty broadway.  occupywallstrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtmanhattan box0803  broadway & west 44 st elevator dropped approx 3 floors (cont)rtoccupywallstnyc excited  denver 1st official  denverga 7pm tonight near  colfax broadwayrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtcheck tweeps. protestors marched broadway arriving a… (cont)
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtwe officer lawsuit false arrest civil rights violations  occupywallstreet?rtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorourstory w/about halal meat market accused nasty violationsrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtnypd pepper spray cop accused civil rights violations 2004 gop convention protestsrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdornypd mace abuser legal action civil rights violations 2004 bush protest   occupywallstreetrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdor
rtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdor
"adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?rtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsin catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest s...nytimes adéu catalonia matadors   bullfight sold ban set begin  rest spain i...the sad loss ancestral region "adéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorswhat victory :) rtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsin catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest ...rtadéu catalonia matadorsadéu catalonia matadors  bye byein catalonia  day bullfightinggood riddance. rttoday   day bull fighting barcelona & catalonianews catalonia  day bullfightingadios  rtsayonara bull fighting catalonia  nyt scoopfeed offness catalonia  day bullfighting  [manual offable]feed offness catalonia  day bullfighting  [manual offable]
rtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsnypd anti terror weapons secret nypd arsenal stocked deadly goodies specifically desig...stock market  738  occupywallstreet    winning     fade black  opesr beautiful  usdor  endthefed  a99has noticed relationship elenin stock market?  2012  occupysf  occupywallstnyc  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrthow id agent provocateur   sept17  wallstreet  nyse  ows  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli  oct6  stocks  nycrtthat  filthy hippies. mess stock broker...  usdor  usdayofrage  p2   occupywallstrtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsnypd anti terror weapons secret nypd arsenal stocked deadly goodies specifically desig...rally stocks  euro fades debt crisis drags european stock index futures fell euro dipped wedn...rt3. fed manipulating stock market.  rigging stock market who?  takewallstreet  ocuppywallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters ... york stock exchange union square. police about...dtn stock market finance minister quit russian government   york times abc newsfinance minister ...rtshockingly  evidence stockholm syndrome everywhere. don get. re getting ass raped daily banks.rtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtgood morning friends. stock market 5. send black faxes   pastebin.com/dp61zvae  opbanker  blackfaxno  stockholm syndrome  real trader actually forthright. relax  trolling.rtbreaking stock trader tells truth   goldman sachs rules world    occupywallstreet  p2rtoccupywallstreet update police 80 protesters camped near ny stock exchange arrested   usdor  owsrally stocks  euro fades debt crisis drags european stock index futures fell euro dipped wedn...rtevery time hippy beaten  stocks gain 1%occupywallstreet  usdor  usdayofrage  p2
rtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyouignoring issues people disagree counterproductive.  iamsayingrtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyoui sleep tonight knowing peaceful productive day. rest prepare reinforcements   ows  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyoudoes believe anonymous attackingwebsite counter productive & stupid? faceless  unaccountable ppl  occupywallstreetgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyounyt "skyrocketing number" laws restricting reproductive rightsrtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyou

rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told topolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarepolice brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetmedia silent police abuse /brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetpolice riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24rtpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "thertvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestoccupywallst difference tunisian police dictature nd york police :nothing protecting richsrtchilling photos police protesters clashing  occupywallstreet.occupywallstreet fuck obama administration nd richs    usa fuck police york  usa  newyork  sep17rttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreettons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpolice crack  occupy wall street  protests  viartthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica
can story nycacc  newyorkcity annimal control kill policy changed kill shelter;us loosing respect middle east bcoz double standard policy  supporting  bahrain dictators supplying weapons. ?gray matter smart cities byof nyu rudin center transportation policyrtoccupywallstreet propose banning corporate/monetary conflicts re public health enviro policy  owspoliticsrtfrom web ethan nadelmann drug policy alliance responds nypd marijuana ...   mmotrt"jeffries &applaud  nypd marijuana arrest policy shift" w/ video viarteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.t wordt hier tijd voor een byo policy...   techfail zit je dan op kantoor...greaton morality rhetoric government policymaking  fdrbest policy2 tibetan monks set themselves fire protest chinese policy york timesrteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rtdid  nypd violated policy dealing w/ public protest? court reached spring ...love  mtcalls attention 2 stop frisks nyt responding 2  nypd marijuana policyethan nadelmann drug policy alliance responds nypd marijuana news   york news   runnin  scaredrtpolicy reaction isn  main question understand misbehaviour organise common responses  occupywallstreetrtrtgop leaders’ spokesmen reveal don’t tax policy   goplies  ourwallstreetrteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rtfrom web ethan nadelmann drug policy alliance responds nypd marijuana ...   mmot

happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?occupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usartthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articlert"no society history imprisoned people united states."  occupywallstreet  riptroydavisstudents  knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  studynyt "the surreal ruins qaddafi’s land:"  libyans struggle escape country’s twisted history.[edunews] students’ knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  studyi   twitter weekend following.  madskillz : )rtpaul krugman idiot guide history macroeconomic science 1960srtoccupywallstreet basement dwellers america gather bitch moan worthless art history degrees.rtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtkettling history  legality anti kettling techniques   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  protestrtthe theft history   wall street economic death squad   ii  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articlertthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrttold pessimistic friend  "if dont  don history"
rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex berkeley college republicans bake sale with...nytimes ‘diversity bake sale’ backfires campusrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex"‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex    really?  ignorantrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexso extremely narrow minded offensive rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexwhat think? ‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race & gender  viart‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexdisagree ideology  wothwhile debate rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexas covered rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexobnoxious. nytimes ‘diversity bake sale’ backfires campus‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexphotography  ff ‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex    ny  fashion  movies
rtoccupywallstreet   interview woman arrested yesterday  viaheadlinesstephen exec director interviewed cheryl willisrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdortonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.>>> interview chris hedges <<<   please watch <<<      ourwallstreet  ows  takebackwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet ..her mother dying & cant afford carertmany hundreds here. sign leaving. numerous news outlets interviewing protesters.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetinteresting interview jetblue david barger; love leadership consensus situations.rt"coming eyewitness news 6 n.j. burkett interviews medford pharmacy murder suspect david laffer."rtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetinterviews mayor bloomburg mention  occupywallstreet ?  guys completely oblivious reality.rtis interviewing peaceful protesters @ occupywallstreet stations watchrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmust rtsix interview chris hedges  occupywallstreet    takewallstreetrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carertunderground politics  msnbc interviews  occupywallstreet protester kelly heresy   takewallstreet  tlot  topprog  p2rti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerttonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.i interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford care
hey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreetrtthe footage  occupywallst awful  to_shadow  wearethe99percentunlawful tents erected“video awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park   occupywallstreet legal occupation plan  usdorrtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park  lega… (cont)rthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park   occupywallstreet legal occupation plan  usdorrtevery1 tweets w/  nypd instead tagflood news outlets reports unlawful police activity  occupywallstreetrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtnew  citizenradio york times’ awful  occupywallstreet coverage   irvine11  republican baby   p2  takewallstreetrtrtriding bus 50  cuffs writing this.. mass unlawful arrests  :[   occupywallstreetbravo marvin windows standing workers awful economyrtoccupywallstreet awful images coming  nypd police netting father pushing child baby...rtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park   occupywallstreet legal occupation plan  usdor
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt?? ????? ?????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?????? ????  viartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetnyt tantawi testifies mubarak  ????? ?????? ????????????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? arrests peaceful  occupywallstreet  protesters continue. don   ourwallstreetrt????  ????  occupywallstreet ? ???? ?????? ????? ???? ??? ???????  viartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet????? ?????? ?? ????????? ?????rt????? ?????? ????? ?? ??????? ?????rt????? ?????? ????? ?? ??????? ?????rttantawi testifies mubarak’s trial egypt  ????? ?????? ?? ????? ????? ?????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ????? ?? ?? ??????. ??? ? ?? ??????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ??????? ?????? ????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally
rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtrtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300    phone i… (cont)rtrtoccupywallstreet  rtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300   ar… (cont)rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtnational lawyers guild  office phone   (212) 679 5100  takewallstreet  takewallst   occupywallstreetrtsee streets.  occupywallstreet  tomalabolsa  usdor  sept17  s17  p2. nb lost (877) 881 3020. arrested (212) 679 6018.rtnewyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 tell police jobrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtnewyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 tell police jobrtnewyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 tell police jobanonops newyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 te...can intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreet?? rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us....rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtrtnat lawyers guild phone (212) 679 6018 hope helps  ourwallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtorder pizza guys  occupywallstreet (212) 566 0006rtoccupywallstreet mayor bloomberg office phone (212) 772 1081 (confirmed)
rtsaudi king women political rolertsaudi king women political role“saudi king women political rolertwho saudi arabia letting women vote? revolution works. violence better.   usdorrtaround world 18 tweets     cain2012  blackout  occupywallst  nepal   kerbala  beatcancer  nyad  philippe  saudiking abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...king abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...rtsaudi king women political rolertsaudi king women political rolertsexenio > saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women right...saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women join adviso...where outrage? oh yeah  oil. rtsaudi woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carrtwomen vote saudi arabia  kingrtsaudi king women political rolertsaudi king women political rolertsaudi king women political rolertsaudi king women political rolertsaudi monarch grants  women vote  viaking abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected officertsaudi king women political rolefeed offness saudi women vote  [manual offable]
rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rt.in 2010 goldman sachs bankers received $15.3 billion bonuses  feed hungry person planet.  occupywallstreetrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolifrom 1 income hhs w/ pensions + living wages 2 incomes  401ks ws trashed  stagnant wages  ugetbonuseswegetscraps  takewallstreetrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtus bankers set record pay bonuses   occupywallst  occupywallstreet  nypdrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtwhere nypd arrests wall st fraudsters taking millions bonuses firms bailed taxpayers?  occupywallstreetmartha stewart busted returning call. crashed burned economy? bonuses wtf   occupywallstreetrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?mtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers ...rtrtnypd pension bonuses threat. 21% officers trouble w/ mortgages. ...rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?"demonstrating bailouts  bonuses bankster domination world economy".  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwho taxpayer money bankers  bonuses?    . obama loves bankers.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?yucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreetaston pa | re wall street bonusesrtnypd pension bonuses threat. 21% officers trouble w/ mortgages.  joinus  occupywallstreet  solidarity
greece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetrtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2rtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.sad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycrtoccupy wall street  manhattan  tahrir square    international business times   sept17  takewallstreet...rtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2rtnational lawyers guild  office phone   (212) 679 5100  takewallstreet  takewallst   occupywallstreethole 14beautifuldaycharitygolf  hudsonriverrtwow  day 11  56 cities + 3 international participating  occupywallstreet accordingrtrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycinternational business times  occupywallstreet protestors fight broadway; 80 arrested  viartwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycgreat piece nytimes wed ( read) 2 weaken power former oil former national security advisor robert crtif national conservative radio cause call 1 866 957 2874  occupywallst  ourwallst  sept17rtrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycis simply looking catchy soundbite  simple national crisisnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rtthe money masters   international bankers gained control america   occupywallstreetrtwall st occupied... check movement   weekrtprovocateurs national conventions   occupywallstreet  wiunion  classwar  policestate
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpoliamerica yawns  world wakes up. salute america aware.you flash mob lobby bank america buildinglooking   occupyamericartrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartphoto essay wall street—inside american occupation   occupywallstreetoccupy wall street | nyc protest american revolutionrtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtrtpoverty america  //  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  owsrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallamerican police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnellrta recap events saturday  occupywallstreet   ows .... americans == proud & powerless....the american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorwhat demands...what want.. list wall street protest demands changes america  ....rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfall

victim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetthe york times delves chelsea elliott pepper spray experience nypd  wasn fun.  occupywallstrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetthanks getting me. comparison else. explainedjone samuelsen scores amazing  60 yard header goal norwegian leaguertthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtsexenio > saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women right...rtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet"police investigate fatal chelsea stabbingrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetonly chelsea  love   rtcell phone service comes chelsea subway platformsrtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetter petrosyan speaks  wikileaks else people  armenia  revolution  libertysquarertwho else likes watching  takewallstreet police brutality videos/pics? makes proud american.rtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetchelsea elliott speaks pepper sprayed nypdrtthank youfor staying  occupywallstreet story  reporting earlier & thoroughly else hassafety  else.  occupywallstreet ;)rtthe approves protest  else   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
(from buzzfeed)  nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetthe zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)best "occupy" vid far. deserves enjoyed over. btw  resisting arrest makes worse.   takewallstreetrtnypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protestsrt"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout.  occupywallstreetrtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2nypd brutally assault peaceful protesters "occupy wall street"  /viamy boyfriend "occupy wallstreet" protesters pizza.     needsoftheoccupiersrtplease "occupy nation" fb   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  otn  usdorrtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2“"occupy wall street" protesters   shortly mkt crashes street beg 4 help obama boehner& godoccupywallstreetactually "occupy wall street" wikipedia page started point.rtmichael moore helps "occupy wall street"    [  news  solidarity  occupywallstreet  p2  topprogs  tlot  rebelleft ]nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protests"80 "occupy wall street" protesters arrested   nyc  usdorrtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtan read "occupying  rioting  wall street"  viaourwallstreetrtsusan sarandon  en el "occupy wall street"   occupywallstreet indignados acampados frente wall street.what "occupy wall street" protest york   video & photos   occupywallstreet  sept17
rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs."life change"   buddhartthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtsigns "compassion revolution"   "we winds change"     occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet  cdnpoli  occupycanadartthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.
rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tr… (cont)rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiers
rtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rtpepper spraying innocent women "appropriate" according to?   occupywallstreetit sincless barbaric act police brutality behalf nypd arrest innocent ppl.nypd arresting protester pending bogas charges  innocent  peaceful movementyou tell pigs leave innocent protesters alone.women maced? fenced in? cattle ? fucking serious?rtvideo nypd pepper spray peaceful  innocent women protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.video   nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street   call mediavideo – nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street – call the…video    nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street   call media     p21  p2  lgbtrtvideo nypd pepper spray peaceful  innocent women protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtvideo nypd pepper spray peaceful  innocent women protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtnypdmacepig verify police officer mace innocent protesters?   occupywallstreetthe supreme court kills innocent people home sleep beds remorse. god bless souls killersanthony bologna police   maced innocent demonstrators ny  democracy   righttoprotestyay  nypd shoot defenseless innocents sky en masse insteadrtsep17  occupy wallstreet innocent protester brutally assaulted    occupy wallstreet innocent...   occupywallstreetrt ““the innocent arrests nypd makes  bigger ll grow  occupywallstreet”rt”rtvianypd cops pepperspray innocent bystanders protect wall st rich pension money.oh word nypd? black latino youths harass? innocent protesters cut well? ok ok...rtcall mr. bologna  pepper sprayed innocent people? (212) 334 0611  anonymous  cabincr3w  occupywallstreet
rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17how plan "to monied corruption democracy"? whats goal? legislative change? action want?rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real   change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet   sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17want real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17
rtdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forcertnotice letter distributed liberty park. legal legal/binding.   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeappwe clean qr version distribute  websites etc...  owsoh  *there*  rtfdny tribute statue calls midtown homeremember him?  rtfdny tribute statue calls midtown homerts.e.c. investigating s&p action  07 contributed housing market collapse.  ing timertwe clean qr version distribute  websites etc...  ows  apprtdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forcerti waywent running tweeted tributes 9/11 anniv   ckrtdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forceanonymous warning  nypd. please distributefdny tribute statue calls midtown homertlittle red lighthouse fest today; free timed entry tour tickets distributed starting noontake  4  5  avoid traffic. "coming game? seat 3:20pm maris 61 home run 50th anniversary tribute."i waywent running tweeted tributes 9/11 anniv   ckrtbryan powell  dalefarm themed tribute fellow former  edl member. one.rttwo charged  breivik  tribute  attack   local  viaedlrtmy tribute  occupywallstreet protestors  "what revolution"i baltimore help  contribute?rtmy tribute  occupywallstreet protestors  "what revolution"is contribute food  water protestors?  bring it?
change  proud trying establish changes.what demands...what want.. list wall street protest demands changes america  ....occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> major changes protect people corporationsrton soccer barcelona soccer changes jerseys  valuesrtsusan sarandon "it changes top  changes bottom  " live >>rti hope nypd & bloomberg pay ultimate legal political price fiasco.   occupywallstreet don"t leave til changes.noready facebook changes?i hope nypd & bloomberg pay ultimate legal political price fiasco.   occupywallstreet don"t leave til changes.rtnow time ppl 2 2 aid countries.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyla  occupyphoenix  occupynolarti hope nypd & bloomberg pay ultimate legal political price fiasco.   occupywallstreet don"t leave til changes.there pressing issues facebook changes.  occupywallstreetdo arsenal change philosophy values? rtbarca changes jerseys  values“navigate late night service changes due subway work. plan ahead trip planner+rtsolidarity  thx 4 nyclu hard  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyla  occupyphoenix  occupydenver  occupychi  occupyfdsfa  libertyplaza resident changes public trashcan.  occupywallstreet  communityrespectrton soccer barcelona soccer changes jerseys  valuesrtoccupywallstreet thank  occupychi solidarity participate inbig changes  love chicago  sept17 onestrugglerton soccer barcelona soccer changes jerseys  values   little article..rtmsm  1st rule wallstreet?  don talk wallstreetoccupation   protesters   love    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetwill uws changes effect tom morning?rtoccupywallstreet thank  occupychi solidarity participate inbig changes  love chicago  sept17 onestruggle
rtannouncement   tons brooms asap  don 2 now. bring  em  libertyplaza   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanuprtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrt“lawz yesstyle   rtis time wall street? pic    wallstcleanup  ows”rtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtdirect action statement "clean up"   occupywallstreet  ows  wallstcleanuprtrtdirect action statement "clean up"   occupywallstreet  ows  wallstcleanuprtimo definitely do. wavy hands.   > operation  wallstcleanuprtrtfacebook event 4  wallstcleanup  community wide cleanup march   ows  sept17imo definitely do. wavy hands.   > operation  wallstcleanuprtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetso awesome. mtfb event 4  wallstcleanup  community wide cleanup march   occupywallstreet  owsrtrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtannouncement   tons brooms asap  don 2 now. bring  em  libertyplaza   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup>sea brooms< timeforthis wall street? pic   wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet mounts operation  wallstcleanuprtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetdirect action statement "clean up"   occupywallstreet  ows  wallstcleanuprt“lawz yesstyle   rtis time wall street? pic    wallstcleanup  ows”step 2 ? step 3 profit rtwe 99%  2 clean neighborhoods.  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  ows
rtff  gratitudehuge hug  occupywallstreet  libertysquare gang  (via)rtnypd spraying women chemical weapons street disrupt peaceful assembly   occupywallstreetas gangs move mexico schools  teachers     (via)help joke  <3   occupycleveland chatroom |   occupywallstreetfemale peaceful protestors maced panned animalsrtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsmexican woman decapitated notorious drug gangrt “woman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsacapulco journal mexican teachers push gangs’ extortion attempt extortion booming industry ...rtgang (governors) hey  congress    time stop politicking fede..mexican teachers push gangs’ extortion attemptrt gangs chilling inside brooklyn playgrounds. easily found parks gang bangers week.rtnoam chomksy intros support  occupywallst "anyone eyes gangsterism wall st..."rtnypd spraying women chemical weapons street disrupt peaceful assembly   occupywallstreetrtnypd spraying women chemical weapons street disrupt peaceful assembly   occupywallstreetthey arresting wrong people. bring corporate crooks & wall street gang justicertwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsrtdo tactics nypd  occupywallstreet peaceful protests excessive?heyi tourist coming york  advice avoiding roving gangs net weilding chemical terrorists?  occupywallstreetrtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsamerican gangster (2007 ridley scott)2nd watch tv. mediocre tale drugs corruption nypd. thought. 7/10
boring. more.  23sep  libertysquare  opposition  armeniarally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ????? ?? ?? ??????. ??? ? ?? ??????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ??????? ?????? ????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep vay qoranam es levonchike ekavrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep es uxaki sarsapum em vor patkeracnum em vor levona kara lini mer erkri naxaganrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep levon ba asa  te vonces narkotik zenq tsaxel23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ????? ????????? ((( ?????? ???????? ?? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????? ??? ?????? ??? ? ??? ?????????? ??? ? ??????? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????. ??? ? ?????? ?????????. ????? ?? ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ??? ?????? ????? ? ??????? ??????? ??????????? ??????? ???? ???? ?????? ???? ??????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ????? ?? ?? ??????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ????? ???????? ?????? ?????? ???? ????????? ?????? ???????????  ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ???????????? ???????? ????????????? ???   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ??? ???????? ? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ??? ? ??? ????? ?? ?????? ?? ??? ?? ????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ?????? ?????? ???????? ????????? ??? ????? ????? ????? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally
rtneedsoftheoccupiers space close  libertyplaza store rains. bag check system suave.do shirts saying beat crap taze women? herosall days besides cvs  grocery store  dollar store run siesta lunch nypd near chandler mall.eta service restored?     d“rttons supplies shipped ups store fulton  libertypark”grodin oh baby  nice infant store day  mother holding he...from inside. dare you.   restoresanity  takewallstreet  occupytheemmys ///  emmys  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcan some1 please repost ups store info name package excepted tuesday?rtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtu angered hive  world watching  occupywallstr… (cont)rtu mad?   anonymous  ourwallstreetmedic team space (mylar) blankets > send ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street  occupywallstrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetthis reason favorite liquor store   bastards  rtcity wall stree… (cont)dont mess texas drive thru beer store  checkarticle price junkfoodlovely sent supplies ups store  118a box 205 fulton st  ny  ny10038 usa  occupywallstreet  wearethe99percentrtsend supply donations ups store   re  occupywallstreet  118a  205 york  york 10038.  ourwallstreet  vote cc
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?occupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usartdigging videos added  wallstreet protests   occupywallstreet  nyc  takewallstreet  wallstprotestrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articlert"no society history imprisoned people united states."  occupywallstreet  riptroydavisstudents  knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  studycan story nycacc  newyorkcity annimal control kill policy changed kill shelter;rtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymoustonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.sad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.if tea party protestors maced  beaten  brutalized & arrested nypd  corporate media ignored story?  occupywallstreetnyt "the surreal ruins qaddafi’s land:"  libyans struggle escape country’s twisted history.[edunews] students’ knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  studymtgetting ready  nycutshurt press conference  nyc today. parents tell real story.breaks heart watch  jameyrodemeyer story on. imp spread  itgetsbetteri   twitter weekend following.  madskillz : )rtthere  occupywallstreet story brutal arrests. press look closer.rtaround world 18 tweets     cain2012  blackout  occupywallst  nepal   kerbala  beatcancer  nyad  philippe  saudirtpaul krugman idiot guide history macroeconomic science 1960s
diana nyad stops short record setting attempt diana nyad journey cuba florida repea...rt9/26/11 michael moorestops  occupywallstreetwhat tool. limousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport italyrtrtsome phone service available subway stops   newyorkcitylimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italylimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italyrtquestioner idea runaway convention stops reps matter.   conconcon  usdorrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyhahahaha  rtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests   en route italyoccupywallstreet "mtsusan sarandon stops wall st. protests  en route airport flying italylimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italyrtlimousine liberal  susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italynice cant wait robbed rtsome phone service available subway stops   newyorkcitycatch special nostalgia train tomorrow hbo promotes season ii boardwalk empire. limited stops. 2/3 line. bit.ly/qzcpxtcatch special nostalgia train & tomorrow. hbo promotes season ii boardwalk empire. limited stops. 2/3 line.catch special  nostalgiatrain hbo promotes season ii boardwalk empire. limited stops. 2/3 line. bit.ly/ocgk5bservadvupdate resumes station stops b/t fulton st & broad st directions
anthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreetnoisy crowd demonstrators former u.s. vice president   antiwar  antibanks  cheney  usdor  stopthemach2011rtfox news demonstrators  occupy wall street  protest influence money u.s. politics   takewallstreet  usdorrtall due respect but... demand publicly acknowledge  occupywallstreet demonstrators.rtugly. nypd corral mace peaceful demonstratorsvideo   nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street   call mediavideo – nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street – call the…video    nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street   call media     p21  p2  lgbtrtyes “nyclu handing  rights  guides demonstrators  occupywallstreet      ourwallstreetrtrtoccupy wall street demonstrators send message jobs? | nj.com   ourwallstreet  cdnpolianthony bologna police   maced innocent demonstrators ny  democracy   righttoprotestrtcity wall street protest begins  demonstrators blockedrtthis 5 minutes mass  occupywallst arrests. nypd nets fence demonstratorsnypd beating demonstrators baby seals little news coverage  pretty sad outrage?rtcity wall street protest begins  demonstrators blockedrtabout 80 arrested "occupy wall street" demonstrators march  nyc   cj  occupywallstreetrtrtabout 80 arrested "occupy wall street" demonstrators march  nyc   cj  occupywallstreetrtwatching graphic  youtube footage  nypd macing  occupywallstreet demonstrators  thinking  re headlines? manhattan twistedarresting peaceful demonstrators cd = tens . millions legal fees; 1 2 spread wealth    2 attorneysrepression wall st. demonstrators ratcheting  takewallstreet
rt“all 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nyc”rtthe time 99%    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtthe time 99%    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nyctime global revolution    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycthe time 99%    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycthe time real freedom    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtthe time real freedom    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtthe time real freedom    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtthe time 99%    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrttime global revolution    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nyctakewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nyc democracy  takecityhallrtall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtall 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nyc
rtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet retweetrtrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ridertplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtthank retweeted  occupywallstreet video. gone viral possibly censored. online social media ftwrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetmust & retweet   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  civilrights  antibanks  antiwaroctober6  time different.this time leaving    usdor  stopthemach2011 plz. retweetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrta retweet musa ibrahim  mohammed  captured  sirte (sept17)  libyartplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers "could ponchos  blankets  socks  heat water  food."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet pls retweet
rtmtofficers overseeing "rather die  sorry  believe re this"”rtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetrtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"rtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetrtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"rtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"rtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"rtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetrt> 1 officer overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"rt> 1 officer overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"rt> 1 officer overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"rtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"rt> 1 officer overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"rtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetrt> 1 officer overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"rtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"rt> 1 officer overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"multiple officers overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"mtofficers overseeing "rather die  sorry  believe re this"”bloomberg  ny “multiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe re this"”rt> 1 officer overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"
1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallst"/ smh “manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.”shit crazy rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.sad. rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.    wahi  inwood  nycsmh rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.fwdbrooklyn *3 alarm fire* 196 4 ave heavy fire commercial building. removed building.fwdqueens 49 st & 43 ave  box 7302 fdny using hands fire multiple dwelling. 1 fire victim removed doa. fir ...rtrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.    wahi  inwood  nycyikesrtbk:ocean pkwy&sea breeze ave harbor removed intoxicated female water  transported cpr progress. 5:14:16 amrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallstnowthis   rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.wow  rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.“manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.” < ppl this? smhno. 7 train suspended due customer struck train 103rd st; power removed tracks. (rt)  jacksonheights  coronartmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.    wahi  inwood  nycdamn. "manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water."«manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.shit rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.
rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitter“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthlots tweets/links otherwise. eh? know?  occupywallstreet isn trending list ny.disagree  search returning hundreds tweets min  current trending topics. compare.  occupywallstreetrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtaround world 18 tweets     cain2012  blackout  occupywallst  nepal   kerbala  beatcancer  nyad  philippe  saudirtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtlive tweets breaking stories people liberty square.   ourwallstreet   twazzupmy occupywallstreet tweets missing timeline 100 rts. gives?occupywallst.org website tweets disappearing    globalrevolution livefollowed tweets arrest day. glad re released. ll joining wednesday wisconsinrtrtinbred cat hates hippies   tcot  usdor  occupywallstreet  p2nyer always. la transplant. missing ny looking forward tweets.pls rttweets regardina ny news site lack coverage  occupywallstreet”why am troll republic ? cause twitter account & ve pulled tweets ?rtoccupywallstreet trending 2 500 tweets hour monday morning. funny didn it.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtevery1 tweets w/  nypd instead tagflood news outlets reports unlawful police activity  occupywallstreetlive tweets  occupywallst arresteertrt   stepped  flag  kill youoccupywallstreet   nypdrtmajor kudos involved  occupywallstreetrtok tweets  occupywallstreet huge mural  troydavis pimpin bruckner eway thousands
following  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info41staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallstrtfollowing  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info4rt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallstrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallstrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallstrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallstrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallstrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallstrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallstrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallstrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallstrtfollowing  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info4rt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallstrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst
rtiheartradio fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey ...breaks heart watch  jameyrodemeyer story on. imp spread  itgetsbetterrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadsick. “teens continue taunt jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtamazing.fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey rodemeyer.   lgbtrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad ...hell waits “teens continue taunt jamey rodemeyer suicide chanting  re glad re dead"jamey rodemeyer  14yrs  life bullying "  ladygaga meet presobama discuss bullying.iheartradio fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey ... kathleen perricone iheartr...this generations  madonna   ladygaga dedicates song "hair " bullied gay teen jamey rodemeyer. paws indeed ...heartradio fest lady gaga dedicates ;hair& 39; bullied gay teen jamey rodemeyer ..  human ."jerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re dead " sickus parents gay teen committed suicide  jamey rodemeyer  taunts continue death   nydnlady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen lady gaga dedicated song jamey rodemeyer  bullied gay ...iheartradio fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey rodemeyer  killed self   york da...lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen lady gaga dedicated song jamey rodemeyer  bullied gay ...jerk teens continue 2 taunt 16yo jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re dead    via“jerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re (cont)assholes rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting ...
rtjust livestream 7:30 est michael moore spoke   rerun loop   ows  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  wiunionrtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestrtmedia phone email   occupywallstreet  ows  wiunion viartwe ve 3 heart balloons re taking  occupywallstreet. getting nyc.  ourwallstreet  wiunionrtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestrtsend message ny police commissioner    ourwallstreet  wiunioneuropeanrevolutionsend message ny police commissioner   ourwallstreet  wiunionthanks nypd cops rouge people  ourwallstreet   connecttheleft  wiunion  p2  tcot  topprogcornel west   awesome    ourwallstreet   wiunion  europeanrevolution  p2  wiprog  p2rttoday  teamster news 09.25.11   1u  occupywallstreet  wiunion  statesospeaceful female protestors penned maced nypd   ourwallstreet  wiunionsend message ny police commissioner    ourwallstreet  wiunionlooks wisconsin joining week   wiunion  ourwallstreet  occupywallsti hand delivering heart balloons  wiunion wednesday. wait  ourwallstreetgoodnight   wiunion. tomorrow head  occupywallstreet. ll  promise.just train 5 minutes ago met people  occupywallstreet.  ourwallstreet  wiunion20 hour train ride... totally gonna worth it.  ourwallstreet  wiunionwe ve 3 heart balloons re taking  occupywallstreet. getting nyc.  ourwallstreet  wiunionrttoday  teamster news 09.25.11   1u  occupywallstreet  wiunion  statesosup wall street   occupywallstreet  wiunion  weareohio  picspolice brutalize peaceful wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  wiunion  weareohio
occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21the soul afsc western ma presently wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  takewallst  takewallstreet7pm pershing sq sunday 9/25/11  occupyla gaoccupywallstreet  taxation w/o representationthe world watching asand idiots "represent" completely ignore   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetchew  food talk tough swallow cool recipes. report real cost ...rt1 congressman cost 3.3 mill/year.  aipac 81 israel learn how2 represent israel i.s.o.  ususdorrtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentpls bloomberg nypd mace svrl women corraling dangerrtnypd join  occupywallstreet government‘s mandate represent corporate greed  people.  ourwallstreetrttake demands mainstream media. masses unclear represent. suggest w/ humilityblocker vote doesn protest conformist agenda.  occupywallstrt1 congressman cost 3.3 mill/year.  aipac 81 israel learn how2 represent israel i.s.o.  ususdorrtdoes congressperson represent – israel?   ..occupywallstreet  usdorcops  police  news lawyers missing 7 nypd files attorneys representing interests...rt* hard won union representation disbanded obscene corp exec salaries  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherechew  food talk tough swallow cool recipes. report real cost ...rtpresenter constitutional convention guilt ground  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreetrt1 congressman cost 3.3 mill/year.  aipac 81 israel learn how2 represent israel i.s.o.  ususdorrtforce tweet representative success  usdor   < rtcapitalism ...&please don suppress  occupywallstreet   represents hundreds thousands us. spirit.rtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically present
"adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?rtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsnytimes adéu catalonia matadors   bullfight sold ban set begin  rest spain i...the sad loss ancestral region "adéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorswhat victory :) rtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsadéu catalonia matadors  bye bye[nyt europe] adéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsadéu catalonia matadorshopefully rest spanish communities follow cataluñas example “adéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsadéu catalonia matadors   york times
rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtny et  paris même combat la liberté expression   occupywallstreet  parisnofearrtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsthey grow tough home ;) rtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtrtoccupywallstreet rtpolice surrounded 14st 5th ave f...dtn china australia allow women serve frontline combat move australia fourth cou...rtwatch moles police plant start trouble documen… (cont)nypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtwatch moles police plant start trouble documen… (cont)combating piss poor journalism apparent  newspaper recordrthelp combat media spin  add articles analyze collab. documentrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtny et  paris même combat la liberté expression   occupywallstreet  parisnofearrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combataustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combat“australia allow women serve frontline combat  progressive week women

rt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediarttea partiers funded billionaires interrupt "town halls"? media wall wall coverage. grassroots protest  occupywallstreet? silencethe media finally  occupywallst coverage.  unfortunately coverage biased misinformation.   thanksmediartunfortunately  nypd  brutality blatant disregard peoples rights  occupywallstreet start getting news coverage.in  nypd favor getting msm coverage. don police brutality protest.rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediarthere media coverage.  media?  occupywallstreetoccupywallst coverage. amazing posters liberty sq  nyc.rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediayou re  unfortunately surprise lack coverage.   occupywallstrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediayes. rtimportant obama visit opportunity coverage.  occupylartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartfollow rsn live coverage.  reader supported news   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet reports  video  home
rtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersff  occupywallstreet packagethanks peacertoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtobamaadviserswarnedofloandanger solyndra failure bit.ly/op3ibe  takewallstreet  p2  nowthatsprogressive thanks adminthanks reading thertprattsville journal prattsville tavern forges ahead despite floods ruin nyti.ms/nxk7ke“jee thanks  rtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injury  yikesrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtthanks  takewallst  solidarity  usdorrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetthe media finally  occupywallst coverage.  unfortunately coverage biased misinformation.   thanksmediaan letter  occupywallstreet  tips & thanks   iwilloccupy  libertysquare  ows ?(??????•??)?thank  rtthanks  takewallst  solidarity  usdorthank  thanks feed. doing job. helpful.rtthanks speaking truththanks getting me. comparison else. explainedrtabc7 thanks coverage  occupywallstreet   please continue cover news behalf 99%  occupylartthanks dropping michael  soon...  occupywallstreet  sep17  antibanks  usdor  usuncut  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanks
rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesfinally  kill  em friendly poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesnyt fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesarticle day “small fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoes   hebu  fbit due 8am found article  nytimes mosquitoes hahartsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesthanx  try concoctions  2 rid pesky mosquitoes thanx 2 hurricane irenertsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesit simple; catch?  nytimes brewing double edged delicacies mosquitoessmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesnytimes fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoestoxic nectar kills 90% mosquitoes
rtall eyes east bay rtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrtnow  solidarity viaconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  ows  occupysydneyrtbe careful folks. lot police  copters chopping sky overprotest solidarity  occupyoakland.  owsrtrtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  owsrtrtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  owsrt"general strike" trending worldwide. briefly trending  gone.  occupyoakland.rtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  owsrt"rtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  ows"rtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  owsrtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  owsrtrtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  owsrtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  owsrtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  owsrtrtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  owsrtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  owsrtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  owsrtreal americans. love this.  rtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  ows"rtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  ows"now  solidarity viaconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  ows  occupysydneyrtrtows ga read statement  solidarity concerning  policebrutality shown a.m.  occupyoakland. consensus  usdorrtrtconsensus reachedwill send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland.  ows
“romney pulls $1 million nyc fundraiser | york daily news    tcot  mitt2012  nygop”n3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopn3kkid  occupywallst spokesmodel   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst spokesgenious   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocrajoni mitchell n3kkid  occupywallst ijit   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcotanyone notice  occupywallst odd foreign flavour?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  phnm  p21occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21from pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21both  teaparty &  occupywallst bogus *movements* (useful idiots sincere o/c).  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnmteaparty &  occupywallst t/won establishment squeal.  delivery  immigration  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnm  p2if  teaparty &  occupywallst weren bogus  establishment  immigration  trade  etc.  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgpto establishment  liheap debatable. reducing  immigration heresy.  teaparty  occupywallst  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst jonimitchell occupies  despite smoker   nsfw  p2  teaparty  tcot  sgprtmubarak style police crackdown wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  tcotrtmichael moore fat doesn occupy wall street  occupies streets   tcot  p2  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrtarbitrary arrest glenn daniels jr occupywallstreet march union square —  |  ourwallstreet  p2  tcotrtrtrights clash town clerk rejects role gay marriages   tcot  gaymarriage  ssmrtvideo  occupywallstreet list demands    tcot  teaparty  usdor  takewallstreet  p2
wall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchphotoblog  protesters march  manhattan  criticizing  wallstreet      egypt tahrir ourwallstreet nj nyc ny gcc usdorwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march  viavote pollrtwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march    occupywallstreet  owsrtrt  occupywallstreet day 7 marchpeacefulwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   ows  antibanksrtnow prime time march wall street. party  waste park?justsayingunited continental pilots march wall street  $ual  occupywallstreet  usdor  takebackamericathingsthatpeopledothatgetmemad  calling  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet bunch hippies. march?rtcity wall st. protests continue  arrests morning marchrtrtarbitrary arrest glenn daniels jr occupywallstreet march union square —  |  ourwallstreet  p2  tcotrtpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrtcompilation police violence march union square    occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtsome info cops penning people marching   unionsquare  oc… (cont)rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreet
rtrtmtprecinct  typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetmtprecinct   posted typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreet typod tooflood precinct station. mtcall+demand protestors released 728 520 9311  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetmtprecinct   posted typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreet typod toortblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetit 9311rtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmtprecinct  typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetprecinct   posted typo. 718 520 9311 correct  occupywallstreet  unionsquare  ourwallstreet typod toortblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call themand demand therelease o… (cont)rtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nynews finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay th...nytimes finance minister quit russian government   aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...dtn russia finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay un...dtn usa finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay under...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government   aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay authorit...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay au...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay ...   egypt  usa  gccfinance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...
"it wail st" ny daily news front page     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"it wail st" ny daily news front page    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protests“romney pulls $1 million nyc fundraiser | york daily news    tcot  mitt2012  nygop”rtoccupywallstreet front page theoccupywallstreet  owsrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdining family makes happier  adjusted teens   viart"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.and nyc doorman is...rta family affair wife  daughter accused queens scam artist named accomplicesrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtformer  nymayor ed koch "obama reelection express" | york daily newsrtbill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rttoday sfront page wail st.
oh yes  aregirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtsocial networking spurs wall street protestrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtwomen dominate social networking; phone stay touchoccupywallstreet activists www.joindiaspora.com protect social networking privacy. invite  know.girl power  women leading comes social networking  / reach 3 000 tweetsrtrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtrtgirl power  women leading comes social networking"social networking spurs wall street protest  ( _ ) >: (women leading comes social networking   viartrtrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingwell  duh. rtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingwomen natural networkers. rtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtrtrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtgirl power  women leading comes social networking
if believe cutting penis makes sex better... ve bridge brooklyn sell  i2rtcity investigates cattle prod allegationrtbill gates billions charity  unfortunately charity own tax exempt foundation.  usdor"gates expected time 2pm today." train game   4 plan ahead w/the weekender mta.infotake train "coming game? gates game tonight approximately 5:15pm. game start approx 6:30pm."city investigates cattle prod allegationrt2nd day magnificent machines national museum flight – gates 10amrt presentation 2 east mids retrofit conf wk delegates ab… (cont)ap investigates nypd spying muslims amid tabloid swipes  scant nyc media follow  viasomewhere (n unproduced tudor gates) script called nippies     hope.ap investigates nypd spying muslims amid tabloid swipes  scant nyc media followap investigates nypd spying muslims amid tabloid swipes  scant nyc media follow  viatopprog  p2ap investigates nypd spying muslims  scant nyc media follow  |corporate media bought & paid 4 mic  mediafailurecoolness riverbank.. wind willows piper gates dawn"pilots march wall st. demanding share huge united profitsap investigates nypd spying muslims amid tabloid swipes  scant nyc media follow  viartfaa fines colgan air $2 million failure train flight attendants planes  cabin fire extinguishersinvestigation bayside cemetery damage updatertperpetual care means forever. synagogue w/ money maintain historic cemetery??rtdamn rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtap investigates nypd spying muslims amid tabloid swipes  scant nyc media follow  via
rtrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementphotoblog  protesters march  manhattan  criticizing  wallstreet      egypt tahrir ourwallstreet nj nyc ny gcc usdormail| police arrest  50   occupywallstreet protests amid claims aggressive tactics    ourwallstreet usdor egypt nywp| 80 arrested  occupywallstreet protest bank bailouts      ourwallstreet takewallstreet usdor egypt tahrir nj ny|cnn| wall street protests enter 11th day    la egypt ourwallstreet usdor occupywallstreet ny nyc nj usa dw uk gb europertcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreetrtrtrtex wall streeters supporting  occupywallstreet protest   sept17rtwill talk ga solution finish demands soon inshallah :)  takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstreet  sept17rtunfortunately whatever happen  zaccutti it. enforcing thr government respond  takewallstreetrtbest wishes luck  egypt  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  troydavis  libertyplaza  sept17tantawi testifies  mubaraktrial  egyptrttantawi testifies mubarak’s trial egypt  ????? ?????? ?? ????? ????? ?????? ?????rtcrazy  justify egypt & nycrtin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.it insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegertcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreetrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrtrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...rtcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreetat time believed real journalism  longer. cover egypt nyc?  occupywallstreet u.

rthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetplease  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrtunfortunately nypd holding bad ones.suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...american police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnellrtwsj "bankers  protesters  ones arrested  occupywallstreet" vi am surprised inwsj  "bankers  protesters  ones arrested on"“video awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestwe flag liberty square & liberated zones   occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  takebackamerica  usdor  october2011  antibanksrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtthere actual  news happening  nyc pls cover  occupywallstreetrtthe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallstrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersnot ones ve seen far.  occupywallstreetrtsent friend  outstanding feminist criminologist  hard day. "perfectly ordinary kids" deservertwe don police "political security forces" ones dictatorships  ows  ourwallstreetoccupy wall street citizen journalists keeping honest   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  npr  cbs  reuters
currently living times massive worldwide finanical rape wealthy sociopaths.  occupywallstreet“one five york city residents living poverty  ••• sad.  nycfrom 1 income hhs w/ pensions + living wages 2 incomes  401ks ws trashed  stagnant wages  ugetbonuseswegetscraps  takewallstreetrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorsweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  ...rtpostal service begin honoring living people stampsrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtisraeli panel offers plan ease cost livingrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtone five york city residents living povertyrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorwe survive  happened living?  occupywallstreetrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorby kimberly rae miller york (cbsnewyork) – living reputations ...   lukewilliamssrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorthe living dangerously...rtus "idiots" protesting massive fraud insane greed wall st  rock living under?  occupywallstreetthere diff  education  knowledge  americans living  corporate facism  occupywallstreet  occupythefed

rt"i ll understand arrest "for resisting arrest" gotta circular charge ever."  occupywallstreetrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrta retweet musa ibrahim  mohammed  captured  sirte (sept17)  libyartlibya ~gadaffi loyalists escaping  algeria ~regroup ~collect arms~ return attack  ffs vianyt "the surreal ruins qaddafi’s land:"  libyans struggle escape country’s twisted history.it insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegelibyans qaddafi loyalists mounted raid algeria officials transitional government supporte...rtrtlibya ~gadaffi loyalists escaping  algeria ~regroup ~collect arms~ return attack  ffs viartus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilfighters enter qaddafi stronghold surt  libya  toll risesrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilint nyt fighters enter qaddafi stronghold surt  libya  toll risesint nyt scotland seeks libya’s help finding evidence lockerbie trialrtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  proteststhe american revolution here. egypt  tunis  libya  spain  yemen.. usa .  usdor  occupywallstrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilwe winner leader day  libya contest.  congratulations girls   occupywallstreetas thousands leave libya  jobs  niger feels impact muammar el qaddafi economic catastrophe  plu...iwilloccupy nyc peacefully stop usa occupying libya violently.iwilloccupy  nyc peacefully stop usa occupying  libya violently.  occupywallstreet
rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?you re  takewallstreet crowd service gluttons bust  union & pension.rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?from 1 income hhs w/ pensions + living wages 2 incomes  401ks ws trashed  stagnant wages  ugetbonuseswegetscraps  takewallstreetrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtrtcops  nypd beginning talk happen pensions. beautif… (cont)rtnypd finest doing jobs....can wait pensions  401k plans  fire by...how  occupywallst protestors pensions  retirement plans money invested wall street firms re protesting?  justaskinglet nypd pensions  99%  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtsuggestion sign *******"defending police officers  pensions"*****  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet bunchesrtwe fighting pension people beat crap peaceful protesters  wise fuck nypd  occupywallstreet ;)rtnypd  occupywallstreet publicity  hope aholes protecting don steal yer pensionsrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtvianypd cops pepperspray innocent bystanders protect wall st rich pension money.rtcops  nypd beginning talk happen pensions. beautif… (cont)mtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers ...rtrtnypd pension bonuses threat. 21% officers trouble w/ mortgages. ...rtwall st. frequency trade (stealing pensions etc) 600 nanoseconds;  lootin… (cont)suspension confirmed. rttwitter suspendedand blocking  occupywallstreet trending.suspension confirmed. blocking confirmed. jesus ing christ  purposely thi… (cont)retired police/fireman lose pensions str. & 1% elite pay fair share taxes.
rtorwell moment police retina scanning protesters scooped up.  takewallstreet  owsrtthe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallsti love charles barron talks  dull moment speech. don agree himrtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrtreally ought advantage momentum yesterday numbers.rtorwell moment police retina scanning protesters scooped up.  takewallstreet  owsrtit thrill watchings  occupywallstreet livestream  feels movement momentum   ourwallstreet  owsrtto onlivestream momentarily  occupywallstreetrtit thrill watchings  occupywallstreet livestream  feels movement momentum   ourwallstreet  owsrt“the moment people [kind protest] ” hedges concluded  “the corporate terrified"   occupywallstreetrtplease moment  takewallstreet  occupysf  occupychicago & occupycleveland hashtag solidarity   unityrtobama’s jobs plan deserves hearing  christina d. romer economic viewrtit thrill watchings  occupywallstreet livestream  feels movement momentum   ourwallstreet  owsrtdaily kos nypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression (cont)rtamazing  nytimes left    published exact moment protesters arrested  occupywallstreetthe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallstrtoh? rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsat moment homeless  running site.. income  job. hell   occupywallstreetrtwish nyc  historic moment  theawakened  media ignorin gettin little coverage  occupywallstt magazine photos moment | etro read post … nytimes styleat moment  yes.   msm ignore longer.
rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtmtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersare looking help finding community kitchens? cooks? food purveyors? looking media help?rtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet
rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiers
rttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreetrt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericarthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetrtcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrt9 banqueros esclavizan al mundo   15m  takewallstreet  15octrthey  join  nyc? tell reason  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupytakewallstreet...rttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrthelp  occupywallstreet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool. ride   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericarthey  join  nyc? tell reason  iwilloccupy fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalstrikethank youfollowa99  usdoroccupywallstreet  cdnpolirthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreetrttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartplease  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrtcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreet
thought 90 days forcibly evicted. tenancy expert there?these wall st protests getting intense. guys alright there? provisions?  occupywallstreetrtwere there? wall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrthave meeting tomorrow there? cab.   nyc  fuckthemtawhat ken talking video?  there?what hell there?wtf srsly?? ppl there? cops tryin break whenshouldn elected senators control there? needs?  nolabels  occupywallstscary....they ll bring heavy shit next......=(  else chem.units there?dare invoke horrible bots? *whispers* margaret thatcher  there?  wlfneed researched studies  appropriate  materials & practices 2 retrofit buildings. projects there?is people (not fucking cop robots) there?how hell explain  rthow guys planning stay there?  document thisexample social media reshaping users news   there?example social media reshaping users news   there?example social media reshaping users news   there?example social media reshaping users news   there?example social media reshaping users news   there?example social media reshaping users news   there?example social media reshaping users news   there?example social media reshaping users news   there?
rtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.they don immunity they? bring courtsolidarity unity  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo  usdor sleep sidewalk argrtstrauss kahn lawyers diplomatic immunityrtnypd manhattan precincts 1 23 citywide 1 3 live scanner audio feed  stay informed   occupywallstreet  usdor  unityrttakewallstreet remember remain civil & congratulations world watching   unity  piopleb4corporations  p2  occupywallstreetrtattorney  occupywallstreet  door slowly 4  takeallstreets  unity  usdor  persevere  p2 involvedrtnypd manhattan precincts 1 23 citywide 1 3 live scanner audio feed  stay informed   occupywallstreet  usdor  unityrtchatting w/ rohan  revolutionary jamaica "without justice  peace. unity  willrtbronx yearning.   occupywallstreet  unity  solidarity  sep17  usdor  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.rtplease moment  takewallstreet  occupysf  occupychicago & occupycleveland hashtag solidarity   unityrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersdon obsess media coverage  secondary. concentrate surviving community  occupywallstreetiwilloccupy w. bros & sisters 2 spread image unity unborn kin  occupywallstreetrttakewallstreet twitter   trendsmap   occupywallstreet trending world   usdor  unity  p2  topprog  p21rtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtnypd manhattan precincts 1 23 citywide 1 3 live scanner audio feed  stay informed   occupywallstreet  usdor  unityrtthe people support occupation wall street   takewallstreet  unity  occupywallstreet  usdor  p2  p21  topprogstand  unity  takewallstreet  occupywallstare looking help finding community kitchens? cooks? food purveyors? looking media help?
rtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.be careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.i ve there... lol. rtmaybe occupy deodorant stick.  p2  occupywallstpawpawty uk anipals  week protest wall street blacked media  bbc there.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet reason there. trivialize humanity.rtnot read rights too.  happening time there. rtarrested person consen… (cont)careful there. mtcontact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreetrtplanning  occupywallstreet?  iwilloccupy & tell world ll there.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetnew york weekend solidarity dialogue. hope there.  occupywallstreet"wherever cop beatin  guy  ll there..."  tomjoad  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  nypdthanks link  hope weekend  maybe ll bump there.rtkey media team arrested  2nd today. hang there.  usdor  nypdare helping  occupywallst protest? there.thank protestors speaking loudly there. support 100%.   occupywallstreetnot read rights too.  happening time there. rtarrested person consen… (cont)i talking tasers teargas.   significant discrepencies.  there.  occupywallstreetrtfree hugs liberty street. throwing there. kisses aint free. tree fiddy.rtthere sex tape floating there. explanation. rtandy rooney ...hang there.you winning   occupywallstreetthere lot nypd there. hard & getting respect. dickheads mace sprayersrtphoto series  occupywallstreet crackdown  bunch recognize there. hope guys okay.
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarewall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform   occupywallstreetrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarerthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & loseyou re  takewallstreet crowd service gluttons bust  union & pension.rttoday union square arrests nypd perspective relative professionalism sfpd  opbart  occupywallstreetrtjust livestream 7:30 est michael moore spoke   rerun loop   ows  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  wiunionrtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestrtmedia phone email   occupywallstreet  ows  wiunion viartwe ve 3 heart balloons re taking  occupywallstreet. getting nyc.  ourwallstreet  wiunionthanks reading thertprattsville journal prattsville tavern forges ahead despite floods ruin nyti.ms/nxk7kertthe people  hesitant  nypd move in.   people   occupywallstreet  unionsquaredouglas lachance  led newspaper deliverers’ union  dies 69 garrulous  fisted labor leader  mr. la...rtrtarbitrary arrest glenn daniels jr occupywallstreet march union square —  |  ourwallstreet  p2  tcotrtcompilation police violence march union square    occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtsome info cops penning people marching   unionsquare  oc… (cont)rtanonymous posts id nypd officer pepper sprayed  occupywallstreet protesters union squarertactivists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protesters union squarethey planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtrtanother video documenting nypd kettles  occupywallstreet march union square earlie… (cont)
rt"no society history imprisoned people united states."  occupywallstreet  riptroydavisunited continental pilots march wall street  $ual  occupywallstreet  usdor  takebackamericanyt "tagline ideas u.s. post office:"  promote united postal service.rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorsept. 28  1924. sept. 28  1924  united army air service planes completed ci...rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrttaxi driver london  england united  occupywallstreet   takewallstreeti call main for. emergency calls sick people disrupted precincts.rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorhahahahaha100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreet  thepeopleunitedwillneverbedefeatedrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdoryay  boy found safe  “missing autistic boy  found reunited parents   autism  asd  wanderingrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtunited global change october 15    15o  walktobrussels  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  worldrevolutionunited hispanic construction workers chief  aide indicted charges ... melissa grace brian kates ...rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorreverse scotus ruling citizens united fec  constitutional amendment support h.j.res.78.reverse scotus ruling citizens united fec  constitutional amendment support h.j.res.78.   occupywallstreet
rtwhen wake totalitarian time  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorrtremember  marathon race...well  race  stay strong   occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorwhen wake totalitarian time  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorremember  marathon race...well  race  stay strong   occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorpresident barack obama  occupywallstreet protesters   occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorrtwhen wake totalitarian time  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorrtwhen wake totalitarian time  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorrtremember  marathon race...well  race  stay strong   occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorrtpresident barack obama  occupywallstreet protesters   occupysf  occupyoakland  usdorrtif happen bart card   occupysf collecting set move support to/from  occupyoakland  needsoftheoccupiers pls rtrtrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizeeveryday iswe dissentjust handy graphic tear gas defenses  occupy   occupysf  occupyoaklandamazing solidarity statement egypt to/  owsetci ideas based conversations withandoccupiers.rtamericans peaceably assembled subject violent police action. stand withand  occupyoakland tonight.rtoccupynashville getting raided live   occupywallstreet  ows  occupyoaklandrtthe battlefield 3 ad  occupyoakland livestream unsettlingit tedious  agreert"rumors circulate massive "sick in" planned nov. 2nd solidarity  occupyoakland  generalstrikertall eyes east bay rtwants send $20 000 100 tents  occupyoakland. pending.  ows
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?"never greedy  law." wealthy  connected greedy people (gluttons).currently living times massive worldwide finanical rape wealthy sociopaths.  occupywallstreetrtdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forcert 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtfact 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtrtnew  occupywallstreet chant "no wealth care  pay fair share"  viartoccupycanada cuz govt privatizes wealth socializing debt  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  cdnpoli  canpolirtfact 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtsupply economics boondoggle created idle rich hoard wealth masses  occupywallstreet  ows  usdorrtoccupycanada cuz govt privatizes wealth socializing debt  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  cdnpoli  canpolirtmtit global economic crisis face; global morality crisis wealthy minority.  ourwallstreet  parasatismrtit global economic crisis facing; global morality crisis wealthy minority.  ourwallstreet  cdnpolirtrt 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtnew  occupywallstreet chant "no wealth care  pay fair share"  viai agree jesus. sad u.s. police  ruled wealthy 1%.rtbottom 80 percent own 7% country wealth. time fight class.  occupywallstreetrtbottom 80 percent own 7% country wealth. time fight class.  occupywallstreetrtfact 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtthe issue  wealth & power   power & government.    tcot  hhrs  occupywallstreet
ultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...rtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtwill talk ga solution finish demands soon inshallah :)  takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstreet  sept17michael moore cnn talking capitalism  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <sage_> doing talking (cont)rtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreeti love charles barron talks  dull moment speech. don agree himrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdornews    chew  food talk tough swallowrtrtlovely mini doctalks growing 4 50   occupychi  occupywallstrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdor.where reporters talk middle east arab spring?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetfrom panic peace yoga chapter 24 nyt selling author book"learning breathe"rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrtcops  nypd beginning talk happen pensions. beautif… (cont)rtmichael moore cnn  talking  occupywallst america5700 viewers guy talking smart.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  2thingsiknowyou hero  occupywallstreet talk people  oppose  tyrannycoming guy trolling  occupywallstreet writing bananas pearl jam  talkobviously talk thanks bringing attention cause :)  takewallstreet  usdorrtmichael moore cnn  talking  occupywallst america
rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertthree arrested trying protect belongings tarps. nypd unnecessary roughness.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet vid 2 folrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetcnbc  occupy wall street  gains starpower—and  p2  ows  sep17  usdorrtthree arrested trying protect belongings tarps. nypd unnecessary roughness.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet vid 2 folrtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquareyou shot yourself footno justification beating folks tarps/tents  pay huge claimsrtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrtwe tents  chicago ordinance. tarps dry clothes towels good.  needsoftheoccupiers.  occupychirtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst“needsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreet”
rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetrtdon censor usoccupywallstreetrttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.rttwitter suppressing  occupywallstreet hashtag deliberately   stop twitterrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreet“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rttwitterswarm   media contact sheet call demand cover  occupywallstreet  =  p21  p2  news  lgbtrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtmaking noise twitter style using  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet addstorm mediartoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtrtokay. confirmed thatblocking  occupywallstreet trending    ourwallstreet  cdnpolirtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toortanyone willing background  occupythenation twitter. originality occasion.  occupywallst  ows  otn  usdorusing twitter trends oh damn   beautiful  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreeti <3 twitter breaks 3rd shift @ :) rtal...rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtyou massive presence  occupywallstreet 1 mention twitter account  total media blackout situation?


rtorwell moment police retina scanning protesters scooped up.  takewallstreet  owsrtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloombergrtreally? mtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  usrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrtmtrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning deta… (cont)rtorwell moment police retina scanning protesters scooped up.  takewallstreet  owsrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.where  aclu? rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occ… (cont)rtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloombergrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtmtrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning deta… (cont)rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.
zachary chesser  threatened south park creators   viabronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards stabing. fdny 2nd alarm fire location.tonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.““update police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet””u/d  bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing scene 2nd alarm fire." 9:21:02 amarchitecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesny times art news architecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules via verde  i...via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules   nytimes.comalabama inmate sues read southern history book   nytimes.comchina questions 5 south koreans detained near border north (nyt)rtarchitecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesrtpolice brutalize peaceful wall street protesters   occupywallsti propose demand resignation deputy inspector anthony bologna nypd patrol borough manhattan south.i propose demand resignation deputy inspector anthony bologna nypd patrol borough manhattan south  occupywallstreet  sept17bronx  update  *2nd alarm & person stabbed* requesting  nypd scene & level 1 mobilization southern bvd & fordam road.  fdnybronx   duty  nypd officer involved mva overturn major deegan exp. & van cortland park south.  fdny  nypd extricating.bronx u/d *2nd alarm stabbing* fire marshals requested scene 2447 southern blvd forthwith.  breaking  nypd  fdny  bronx  nycrttonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.rtname white shirt pig using mace girls @  occupywallstreet protest anthony bologna patrol borough manhattan south:)smh...rtbronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing ...shame on
disagree  search returning hundreds tweets min  current trending topics. compare.  occupywallstreetrtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtjust left  occupywallst   healthy peaceful crowd hundreds  sign dying  towners  heavy police presencertmany hundreds here. sign leaving. numerous news outlets interviewing protesters.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetutah residents strip underwear hundreds people utah stripped underwear saturday ni...police clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds march union square   takewallstreetrtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetsecurity nypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protests "politics buzz hour ago  hundreds ny...rtrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtthanks ."police clashes  occupywallstreet protesters hundreds march union square"   anonymousrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetnypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protests "politics buzz hour ago  hundreds nypd officer...rt“hundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet  solidarityrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtamazing photos here. mtfiltered thru hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtwhile teachers assignments class sizes rise  bloomberg wastes hundreds millions $ ...rtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet&please don suppress  occupywallstreet   represents hundreds thousands us. spirit.rtrtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet atty  looks guys standing hundreds lawsuits nyc.
rtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks p...rtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future  coming country nearas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futuredtn usa welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks ...rtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future"as welfare collapses  greeks suffer & fear future  usa crap shootrtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurertas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futuregreeks fear collapse welfareas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurenytimes worried greeks fear collapse middle class welfareas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurertas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurertas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurecloser look middle class reality "as welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future"  greece $$rtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurenytimes worried greeks fear collapse middle class welfare    sounds  onion headlineas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future
kenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. freakishrtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing..agreed.literally trampling american flag pr (at 4:45)  ?rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile    try running 4:45 mile  deadlykenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile    try running 4:45 mile  deadlymanhattan 3 ave & east 86 st male stabbed transported traumatic arrest. esu enroute. level mobilization called. 3:24:45 pmrtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.wow “kenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile mind blowing.  <   :ortrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.
rtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy
greece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetlive stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet~ massive msm tv occupied greece protestors ~ nyc     ows  occupywallstreet  libertyplazamiddle class suffering sexy budget politics coverage greece  versions?rtnypd pepper sprays peaceful protesters   takewallstreetrtoccupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  takewallstreetrtthe money masters     takewallstreet (please rt)rtnatalie merchant    nypd boys?  takewallstreetrtwhy maced wall street protests jeanne mansfield   takewallstreetrtactivists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protesters union squarertbbc speechless trader tells truth "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"      takewallstreetgreece approves property tax bid rescue aidgreece adopts property taxrtmass arrests media team threat livestream wall street   takewallstreetrtnypd reportedly targeting photographers occupation wall street  takewallstreet  viartwall street run criminal class   takewallstreetrtrtthe corporation   (full movie)    takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstreetgermany’s love greecertoccupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  takewallstreetnews analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisisrt“rt“80 people arrested  occupy wall street  protest    takewallstreet
thought 90 days forcibly evicted. tenancy expert there?rtdespite  nypd efforts  wall street stays occupied  [updated/amended re arrests & eviction notice.]  occupywallstreetrtanother shot unisigned eviction notice handed  libertysquare  ows lockerz.com/s/141573380   occupywallstreetrtrtsky news revelation basildon council eviction travellers land rubb… (cont)rtjust talked lawyer sent "eviction notice." told legall… (cont)rteviction notice liberty plaza.   occupywallstreet viarturgent moment contact owners zuccotti park form   don evict  occupywallstreetrtif hippies evicted park  do?   usdayofrage  occupywallst  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtows hippie eviction notice coming     usdayofrage  occupywallst  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtlooks hippies evicted.   occupyeverywhere   usdayofrage  occupywallst  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtsky news revelation basildon council eviction travellers land rubb… (cont)rtdalefarm eviction untenable pre court indications suggest basildon council i… (cont)rttransport  dalefarm friday eviction attempt  (cont)building community  occupywallstreet hard  esp. facing constant eviction threats. americans feel.bill protect 9 officers facing eviction animal policy co opsrtanother shot unisigned eviction notice handed  libertysquare  ows lockerz.com/s/141573380   occupywallstreetrtbuilding community  occupywallstreet hard  esp. facing constant eviction threats. many...rtanother shot unisigned eviction notice handed  libertysquare  ows lockerz.com/s/141573380   occupywallstreetrtnick photo eviction notice handed protesters  libertysquare  occupywallstreetcontact owner zuccotti park evict  occupywallstreet protestersrteviction notice "zuccotti park privately own space ..."   libertysquare  occupywallst

rtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediahave mega corporations world  law ? visit  share opinion.rt6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradioat bellvue hospital?rtthe world watching nonviolence liberty plaza  viatakewallstreet  sep17noam  chomsky supports |occupywallstreet  owsrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblyrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblyrtrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetrtrtcornel west speak  occupywallstreet 7 pm tonightrtrtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99yes..oppportunist cornel west..full cat left stairs & ain spilled milk..attention getting creepwhat ponchos matters seeing using donated items.rtthe surrender daily   ? top stories viabeautiful video thx toabout process fantastic  occupywallstreet movement. hope...rtthe world watching nonviolence liberty plaza  viatakewallstreet  sep17rtthere  occupywallstreet story brutal arrests. press look closer.rt“beatthebell  ourwallstreet rtbankers waiting lines bc  occupywallstreet”rtrtrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtrtwoman arrested yestrdy  ourwallstreet mariel moshiri  held bellvue ...rtrtmuslim protesters food vendors praying salat  libertyplaza  occupywallstreet
rtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachother

rtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtnypd taking opportunity sexually harass female protester     occupywallstreet viathere rare opportunity jump ahead timeline & forge bond  nypd rank file. media  well.  occupywallstreet... avoiding nypd crackdown and/or opportunity mainstream media  occupywallstreet concern.yes. rtimportant obama visit opportunity coverage.  occupylacompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersthere opportunity squash actions past week solidify...rtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackerscompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtyes. rtimportant obama visit opportunity coverage.  occupylartamazing job opportunity "princeton architectural press ... time editor start immediately"rtdance4 u.dance internship opportunity   chance applyrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersnytimes companies opportunity stopping cellphone hackers nyti.ms/ nux4snrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtnypd taking opportunity sexually harass female protester     occupywallstreet via

rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)occupywallstreet day 10 occupations federal reserve branches beginrtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtourwallstreet people starting fb occupy city planning occupations country  portland doingrtvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnrthow own cell phone charger term occupations   occupywallstreet  wallstreet  takewallstreetrtthere astounding occupations formulating carried toni… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)contact:vlad andwas getting list occupations. started dell 1525 cannon hv 20rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnrtvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnrtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnhow own cell phone charger term occupations   occupywallstreet  wallstreet  takewallstreetthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnrtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtplease welcometo growing list occupations    solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt*main stream media ignore  occupywallstreet ... 100 cities planning occupations occupying
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet occurs nasdaq actually foot  libertysquare.  ironicrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarethey planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergrtfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreetrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz r… (cont)rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreetrtthey planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarerthelp spread word  rtnypd planning mass arrests @  libertysquare.  occupywallstreet  unionsquare
rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsam agreement..no revolution fought  enemy knowing moves. on.. occuywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsoccupywallstreet people world here. wall street world enemy.rtnypd tool.  enemy.  system hierarchical.  hold michael bloomberg responsible.conformity jailer freedom enemy growth.   john f. kennedy  connecttheleft  gop  occupywallstwall street  enemy  economy   takewallstreetrtnypd tool.  enemy.  system hierarchical.  hold michael bloomberg responsible.occupywallstreet  usdor time break public enemy  1 goldman sachs   signonnypd tool.  enemy.  system hierarchical.  hold michael bloomberg responsible.a read   enemy worlds citizens   thoughtpolicea read   enemy worlds citizens  becoming  thoughtpolice    usaa portait "brutal haqqani clan"  sopranos  afghanistan  former ally mortal enemy.rtwow. "police officers video cameras worst enemy " msnbc anchor   occupywallstreetrtpoliticians enemy power have.  fuckyouwashington  fuckyouwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtnypd tool.  enemy.  system hierarchical.  hold michael bloomberg responsible.public enemy  1    mr. shot (music video)  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsa warning  nypd control streets 1 day soon outnumber & enemy people.  occupywallstreetif msm covering  counter truth spreading internet.  msm enemy.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
occupywallstreet fuck obama administration nd richs    usa fuck police york  usa  newyork  sep17occupywallstreet fucking consumer richs    nd protest justice  usa  takewallstreetrtfuck anthony bologna. punished  occupywallstreet .rt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetrtlookie bad piggy >>  fuckyounypd <<for  oppulseare paying attention?  occupywallst pretty fucking big. wake please. world moving....... you?“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”are fucking tired country stopped investing ?  join    takewallstreet  usdorrtnypd makes fucking sick.so  occupywallstreet shit storm ... fucking line..when god damn decisionswall street fuck middle class  occupywallstreet  usdorrtfuck  "when fascism comes america  wrapped flag carrying cross"  occupywallstreet  usdorrtoccupywallstreet les droits humains bafoués à york  des manifest...   gfw  fuckgfw  vpnrtrtfinancial times police arrest 90  occupywallst...   gfw  fuckgfw  vpnrtrtthis song issue ht...   gfw  fuckgfw  vpnfor fuck sake  nypd kettling goddamn baby strollers   occupywallstreetwas nypd authorized pepper spray peaceful observers? lengthy investigation saturday incident.  //  fuckthepolicertnypd wont fuck  teaparty police protesters carrying guns.  nypd fuck  occupywallstreet  hippies  p2rtnow guys finally fucking notice ve doing week?  libertysquare  occupywallst  ows  ourwallstreetyou tell pigs leave innocent protesters alone.women maced? fenced in? cattle ? fucking serious?fuckyouraymondkelly police commissioner nypd heard moving fbi this. obviously condone aggressive tactics.  expectus
bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards stabing. fdny 2nd alarm fire location.ooh  ouch. care injured careful yourselves.sweet. emt fdny. coolgreat photos & re cause  too.   : )rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtfdny passed liberty plaza honking horns fists air  solidarity   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rt"now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rt"fdny keeping  nyc safe. exampleplease follow usrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17smh rtbrooklyn  bay 8 st @ belt pkwy fdny scene dead body floating water ...rtmedal honor recipientdeclinesdeadline extension.   greasethebobcatfdny  libertyplaza  takewallstreet  sep17 twitter love don msm love.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life thre… (cont)
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtnote street medics liquid antacid  pepper spray antidote. don  it.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owsrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owsrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtjust caught word mn street medics assembling aid kits distribution occupation begins   takewallstreet  owsrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtskilled medical personnel  occupywallstreet. doctors medics manhattan  please help liberty plaza.  usdorare helping  occupywallst protest? there.mttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. ...
please updated. trying plan commute w/small children.updated call/e mail mainstream  media cover  occupywallstreet  protesthey check updated supplies list   wallstreet  occupywallstreet  anonblogrtdespite  nypd efforts  wall street stays occupied  [updated/amended re arrests & eviction notice.]  occupywallstreetrtnyt updated story w/nypd comment “pepper spray ” added  “after individuals confronted officers ...cuomo pef contract reconsider   updated | york daily news    layoff notices today; kick 21 daysrtnyt updated story w/nypd comment “pepper spray ” added  “after individuals confronted officers ...rtaction items  updated w/ medical instructions  occupywallstreet action <>rti headed now. please world updated.  occupychi  occupywallstrtyahoo appears censoring email messages wall street protests (updated)     occupywallstreet  sept17  p2nypd defiant pepper spray updated:captain question internal affairs   occupywallstreetrtwall st protests updated  w/video police pepper spraying female protesters   occupywallstreetbecause coverage  adbusters live feed  hashtag  occupywallstreet constantly updatedyahoo appears censoring email messages wall street protests (updated)     occupywallstreet  sept17  p2weekender updated speak. inadvertantly deleted.weekender updated speak.trip planner+ updated time weekender updatedservadv regular sunday service resumes  west line. weekend finished ahead schedule. weekender updated shortlyfinally official  nyr flyers winter classic (an updated story sather goodness coming soon)rtall emails  troydavis blocked now. page updated phone number… (cont)all emails  troydavis blocked now. page updated phone number… (cont)
chris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtbrother word... protest  don stigmatized.  occupywallst coverage  sequel  madisonrtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rtrtexcessive force nypd sickening.  please stay safe stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallwww.bit.ly/dcdebn antichrist matters politics  www.bit.ly/dcdebnrtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorrtdoesn  occupywallstreet worth covering till police roughed protestors.“occupywallstreet   " mechanism reform  civil disobedience" chris hedges.”rtyou didnt important. cover countless tea party rallies  nbc cover? truthfully?  ourwallstreetoctober2011  chris hedges   occupywallstreet  oct6  usdor  stopthemach2011  yeswecamp  owsoctober2011  chris hedges:why   occupywallstreet  usdor  oct6  antibanks  sep17chris hedges   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismrtnypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protestsrtthe movement alive well. gotta start starting now.  occupywallstreet  freedomthought rtsome pushing chris christie run presidentnyt profile speech ronald reagan library  christie didn address speculation 2012 run prez.nyt "after speech  christie revels pleas run:"  christie discourage speculation supporters.rtjournalist author chris hedges  speaking  occupywallstreet "the method left reform civil disobedience."  ows>>> interview chris hedges <<<   please watch <<<      ourwallstreet  ows  takebackwallstreet"so cliche" rtjay christen  brooklyn nets  arena concerts   newyorkcity
rtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersreal crime updates  thisfor updates  occupywallstreet protests  followand. fantastic day.followfor updates  occupychi  occupywallstreet running.&on groundactivistslaughter  headed wall st. updates? subscribe 2   usdor  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrt official mailing list sign available. updates mailed directly   takewallstreet  takemn  owsrttheis person follow live  scene updates  occupywallstalso scene tonight  occupywallst nyc blog brosandfollow updates.rtoccupywallstreet followfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersrtgoing home shower arrested day. morning weather updatesrtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersrteasy join  using fb couple clicks. "like" fb updates   occupywallstreet  otn  usdorrt official mailing list sign available. updates mailed directly   takewallstreet  takemn  owsrt official mailing list sign available. updates mailed directly   takewallstreet  takemn  owsrtalso scene tonight  occupywallst nyc blog brosandfollow updates.rtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersfor discovering original ga draft  continues evolve. standby updates    occupywallstreetrtalso scene tonight  occupywallst nyc blog brosandfollow updates.rtrsn live updates  reader supported news   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet reports  video  arrestsrt‘occupy wall street’ protest spreads los angeles | raw replay   sept17rtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiers
rtmonday announcement <>. rtjay headline concert barclays centeri call monday discuss/update  occupywallstreet  ... assist?trump offers faint praise romney donald damning faint praise mitt romney monday   ...rays hope alive  beat yanks 5 2 monday night game little postseason tune the...trump offers faint praise romney donald damning faint praise mitt romney monday   ...occupywallstreet dont worry banksters waiting monday  forgive  forget.city opera fills blanks schedule. york city opera monday filled som...inconvicted cat killer six months prison convicted kitty killer wife meowed mercy monday b...rtthey peoples  power money  bofa  jpm  wf  citi   mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet rtrtmoveyourmoney.org  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet  mondaymorningbankrunrtoccupywallstreet trending 2 500 tweets hour monday morning. funny didn it.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetwabc nyteased mondaycoverage of. watch gma mon  www.millionmomschallenge.org now.rtrays hope alive  beat yanks 5 2 monday night game little postseason tune yanke...rtif wall street  occupywallstreet crowd monday morning  create jobs to?rtnotewas day am  answered reader questions viatwitter. monday too.rtrtrtgood morning  campers  monday  yes  wall street  occupied.  sep17  takewallstreetdtn china india ink newswallah english language press monday top stories news monday.rti doctor appointment monday greenlight.than tuesday day aftertwo tibetan monks set themselves fire monday  protest chinese rule tibet.fantastic :) rti doctor appointment monday greenlight.th… (cont)he directed oltl 1970 1990 s. died monday.
weight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helprtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rt    mass arrests york lead heightened tension  nypd  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  feedtheprotest  sept17rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtdon forget   world watching actions  occupywallstreet stand fight ujay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rthappy 2 report  midnight patrol found heightened  nypd activity  libertysquare  occupywallstreet camp. sleep  herosrta message occupied wall street (day eight)    occupywallst.orgrthappy 2 report  midnight patrol found heightened  nypd activity  libertysquare  occupywallstreet camp. sleep  herosa message occupied wall street (day eight) | occupywallst.orgrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rteight children abducted mother located pennsylvaniaweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight watchers dedicates jennifer hudson center star ... weight watchers wasn honoring celeb spo...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...i mentioned live chat  social media recruit unemployed  people  weight  huge untapped resource.rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012

rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilwhat exciting time  hope ny stay passionate peaceful. empower   occupywallstrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilbats vote m.v.p.  question upton  arizona…  excitingads  cabreraexcitingads  fighters enter qaddafi stronghold surt   libya  toll rises latest…excitingads  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans details ambush…excitingads  world briefing | europe  serbia property confiscated wwii be…excitingads  world briefing | asia  india nuclear capable missile tested india…excitingads  india ink newswallah english language press tuesday top stories in…excitingads  world briefing | middle east  egypt pipeline  israel attacked…excitingads   india ink newswallah english language press wednesday top stories…excitingads  pakistani media  u.s. target acrimony voices…excitingads   niger feels economic impact qaddafi’s downfall  libya thousands of…excitingads  war blog visual languages emmy award winner york…excitingads  residential building collapse delhi kills 7 broken beams mounds…rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilin exciting step forward justice common sense  nypd commissioner ray kelly issued directive...
aljazeera coverage  usdor &  occupywallstreet mainstream media?[corporate censorship]   takebackamericaoccupywallstreet  nypd  bart   oppressive  fail   opbart  gestapo  cnn  foxnews media? ? ?rtwhere main stream media? aren’t covering  occupywallstreet? michele bachmann farts & media smell.rtclarification mixed reports violence coming protesters.  occupywallstreet "left" media?where main stream media? aren’t covering  occupywallstreet? michele bachmann farts & media smell.occupywallstreet  libertysquare mainstreet media? weak kneed gutless wonders. cronkite rolling graverthere media coverage.  media?  occupywallstreetrtwhere main stream media? aren’t covering  occupywallstreet? michele bachmann farts & media smell.am wondering  rickperry  enron connection isn covered media?rtrtaljazeera coverage usdayofrage &  occupywallstreet mainstream media?[corporate censorship]rtdoesn prove re corporate  dumbed media? real class war watching   occupywallstreetrtwhere main stream media? aren’t covering  occupywallstreet? michele bachmann farts & media smell.aljazeera coverage usdayofrage &  occupywallstreet mainstream media?[corporate censorship]rtwhy aren seeing coverage  occupywallstreet mainstream media?rtoccupywallstreet  1 2gether "phone/fax zap media? am b4 talk started?  tomorrow ? zap linesrtwhere main stream media? aren’t covering  occupywallstreet? michele bachmann farts & media smell.why lack coverage ny events mainstream media?  occupywallstreetthe media makes manipulates suppresses news? media? :0)rtwe  fancy job arts media? re looking intern join pres… (cont)did span talk protesting wall street? folks hear span major media?occupywallstreetinviting input & suggestions mobilize mainstream  legacy  media  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  occupythemedia?
rtanonymous posts id nypd officer pepper sprayed  occupywallstreet protesters union squarerays hope alive  beat yanks 5 2 monday night game little postseason tune the...rtanonymous posts id nypd officer pepper sprayed  occupywallstreet protesters union squarertanonymous posts id nypd officer pepper sprayed  occupywallstreet protesters union squarertrays hope alive  beat yanks 5 2 monday night game little postseason tune yanke...rtanonymous posts id nypd officer pepper sprayed  occupywallstreet protesters union squarefla. woman shot husband  buried hog pen; facebook posts bragged ... philip caulfield jennifer l...... page posts automatically tweetedrtanonymous posts id nypd officer pepper sprayed  occupywallstreet protesters union squareyanks set own agenda division rivals battle finish yankees postseason invitation. hav...yes  watched hours ga  & reading principles solidarity including posts suggestions.ruling affirms apply swedish academic posts swedenrtattention facebook censoring posts prevent dissemination information public  ourwallstreetanonymous posts id nypd ofc peppersprayed  occupywallstreet protesters @ unionsq  /vrtanonymous posts id nypd officer pepper sprayed  occupywallstreet protesters union squarerttumblr lands $85million funding generates 40million posts day  brands tumblr strategy?rtoccupywallstreet won   takewallstreet  ows  occupywallst  endhunger  moneyisdead  postscarcity bust   fbrtoccupywallstreet  occupytexas  ya ll time.alex jones finally posts nights arrestsrtanonymous posts id nypd officer pepper sprayed  occupywallstreet protesters union squareturkey’s calm postseason arab springpogue posts parsing netflix  apology
rti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  crowdsourceprotest crowdsourced  grassroots protesting. trying force particular mold kill it.rti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtamazing photos here. mtfiltered thru hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetphoto san diego  occupysd assembly tonight sourced vias facebook page   occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetcrowdsourced news coverage works. didn  require violence hook people attention.  takewallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetgreat photos “...hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetthey don t. occupywallst shared twitter  sourced hand groundfirst reported by. sourced " key organizers  ground"was reported by. sourced " key organizers  ground"rti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrti ve filtered hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreet
rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers wr arrested nypd destroying economy? none. wr rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700brthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2
rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.are involved  sept17 manipulation president  special  adviser meguedem (& newspapers) int min daho ould kablia.  algerianytimes fixes paper diagnosticsdouglas lachance  led newspaper deliverers’ union  dies 69 garrulous  fisted labor leader  mr. la...rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.sexy move "turkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rti read checking newspaper country spain. la supportwrite paper money  occupywallstreet permanent marker. please retweetrtyes  rtadopt occupier..donate 10 bucks water  food  paper    // donate bit.ly/sep17rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtresearcher sheet paper diagnostic lab.rtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidsweet mention baby boy paper   thanksccrtrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news 1st major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover  viaim mexico news paper publish note arrested bus. people bus change.rtwrite paper money  occupywallstreet permenant marker. banks block please retweet  brilliant idea fb
rtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreet
rt “judge lawsuit filed utility wake 9/11 "far fetched"  oh wellrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtwe officer lawsuit false arrest civil rights violations  occupywallstreet?rtcity cardozo  city top lawyer  details payouts $561 million lawsuitsgotti  producer joe pesci movie despite actor lawsuit ... week  tmz.com reported tha...rttime class action lawsuit nyc mayor & police department. bet media attention  occupywallstreetrtinteresting. recall didn assert immunity criminal case. rtdsk claims diplomatic immunity lawsuitrtoccupywallstreet atty  looks guys standing hundreds lawsuits nyc.rtofficer pepper sprayed wall street protesters named civil liberties lawsuit 200...   occupywallstreetrtaaa files lawsuit recent port authority toll hikertmiss this? net neutrality rules published  lawsuits soon follow   tpcrt8000 witnesses  anthonybologna live. edited? oh mean...  lawsuit ?  occupywallstreetshe file criminal charges follow lawsuit $1063 minute   occupywallstreetrtofficer pepper sprayed wall street protesters named civil liberties lawsuit 2004 rn..   ourwallstreetoccupywallst   beaten officer bologna suggest filing civil lawsuits it.yucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreetlauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes ... lawsuit filed la county ...rtit  nypd deep pockets lawsuits transpire days.oh wait  tax money alsogotti  producer joe pesci movie despite actor lawsuit ... week  tmz.com reported tha...
rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoped news teamsters report local joining  occupywallstreet 16   globalrevolution  usdor  democracy  icumi  p2rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetlooks wisconsin joining week   wiunion  ourwallstreet  occupywallstfollowed tweets arrest day. glad re released. ll joining wednesday wisconsinrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtat world watching occupy wall st.  occupywallstreet world joining in...rtif plan joining  occupywallstreet  reads guide rights protestor first.   usdor  usand re discussing joining (?) march u.n.  occupywallstreetrt @ bpgulfleak rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetstay strong occupywallst...joining soon  waiting lil money 2gether trip...rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtlike israeli democracy  nypd arrests media steals cameras & equipment. media joining protests support free pressoccupywallstreet arrested earlier released nypd custody  rejoining  libertysquarertoped news teamsters report local joining  occupywallstreet 16   globalrevolution  usdor  democracy  icumi  p2
rtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetwall street donated $41 million supercommittee   oppulse  giabo  ourwallstreet  ows  a99  opesrdonate  occupywallstreet   ( via irc )rtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetwhat ponchos matters seeing using donated items.pls donate scarves  occupywallsstreet protestors. maybe people wear masks wear scarves warm  sept17 pls rtrtwant support? wall street. donate medical supplies/food?rtif donate food  occupywallstreet  list  pizza   usdorrtwall street donated $41 mill supercommittee    occupywallstreet  p2  ourwallstreet   cdnpolirt9/26/11 wall street donates $41 million campaign accounts supercommittee   occupywallstreetrtis doing job differentiating helpful websites & scams. look donate help.donate tot assembly.   needsoftheoccupiersdonate assembly.   needsoftheoccupiersrtif donate food  occupywallstreet  list  pizza   usdorrt help banners websites. able donate little time help?  occupywallst  occupythenationrtif donate food  occupywallstreet  list  pizza   usdorrtyes  rtadopt occupier..donate 10 bucks water  food  paper    // donate bit.ly/sep17rtjerry ben jerrys donated bunch icrcream      ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeappto donate  occupywallstreet ~  needsoftheoccupiers   ows  usdor  sep17
rtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.on tues.  thru police lines people leading  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet s/ortrtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)occupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.rton busy news day  ny1 comes thru 4  strvd rtbrooklyn exhibit worldwide hunger   msfrtrtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)dont mess texas drive thru beer store  checkarticle price junkfoodoccupywallstreet don occupying federal reserve?wall st isn sending money  dc thru fed reservertamazing photos here. mtfiltered thru hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetfinallyreports  takewallstreet thruw&  piers  uk tuition demos protests  criminal lootingrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet call ny attorney eric office 800 771 7755 cue thru "civil rights" leave messagertin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)rtsome guys suits &  nypd thru handing paper notices shutting  occup… (cont)rtreynolds organize politically thru church  labor  political party middlemen. no… (cont)rtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)rtlike mainstream media rtin slept thru visit  occupywallstreetrtlike mainstream media rtin slept thru visit  occupywallstreetrtrtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)rtservadv manhattan bound   delayed thru atlantic ave due signal problems. expect delaysrton tues.  thru police lines people leading  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet s/ortrtin slept thru late night visit  occupywallstreet  (cont)
rt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadow.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowwell well...maybe lead balloonpet love well....rt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowwell... after& murdoch  piegate watb  custard pie  me.  edl  euphimismrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadow.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadow
rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtneedsoftheoccupiersrtmaalox liquid? freezer bags?? ziplocks work. (hospital)rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rt"queens sutphin blvd & archer ave car hit bucket truck  worker fell doa scene. nypd hwy ais scene."rt"now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtwall street’s reaction protests   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtrtremember follow  needsoftheoccupiers wish help somehow fellow citizens  takewallstreet.  solidarity stay strongrtmy arrest  occupywallstreet staged  shaking hard fell stepped curbrtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life thre… (cont)rtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrally stocks  euro fades debt crisis drags european stock index futures fell euro dipped wedn...rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtremember follow  needsoftheoccupiers wish help somehow fellow citizens  takewallstreet.  solidarity stay strongcan christmases once? moving towards palestinian & solidification   occupywallstreet movement fell swoop?fucked rtwilliamsburg 555 flushing ave patient fell 6 floor. hatzolah em… (cont)rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.just remember little fellas space suits glowing fingers probably aren satellite
please update soon  terriblertnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...watch video      occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet   libertysquarertnypd answerrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtoccupywallstreet propane conversion kit honda eu200i generator. provide this?  usdorrtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetoccupywallst occupy wall street life poor hell    usa  newyorkrtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.rthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetrtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........“nypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreet” wtf?rti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rtplease spread people groundrtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspring“this  occupywallstreet country wall street fills debt panel coffersare official  demands   occupywallstreet movement?
nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspectprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibankswww.bit.ly/dcdebn antichrist matters politics  www.bit.ly/dcdebnwhy  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgprtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanks"action antidote despair" joan baez   occupywallstreet  tarsandsnypd anti terrorism squad equipped planesrtrtnette kleine doku zu  occupywallstreet  viatakewallstreetrtnote street medics liquid antacid  pepper spray antidote. don  it.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetfss34    oppulse lieutenant commander log   opesr  giabo  anonymous  ourwallstreet  antisecnypdtook 2/3 line 96 bklyn. 5 train w/lots delays. exited atlantic bus. wrtcbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etprotesters arrested anti wall street rally dlvr.it/mwyyr  occupywallstreet  libertysquare  takewallstreet  antibanks85 arrested  occupywallstreet protest   takewallstreet  ows  antibanks  libertysquare  antiwarnice article   occupywallstreet  antibanks  takewallstreet  ows  libertysquarechant on? tomorrow  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  antibanksprotestors arrested  ows via  occupywallstreet  antibanks  antiwar  libertysquareflood nypd w/ calls em busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  libertyplaza  antiwar  antibankswall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   ows  antibanks
economic collapse  financial manipulation dollar crisis   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. column...rtcheck video    ampedstatus economic crisis = usa riots  via  giabo  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet revealing obama campaign orchestrated crisis..3 2 late & blaming power goprtcheck video    ampedstatus economic crisis = usa riots  via  giabo  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetnews analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisismerkel fights political life vote bailout accepted inadequate    eurocrisisfeed offness news analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisis  [manual offable]feed offness news analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisis  [manual offable]is simply looking catchy soundbite  simple national crisisrtmtit global economic crisis face; global morality crisis wealthy minority.  ourwallstreet  parasatismrtit global economic crisis facing; global morality crisis wealthy minority.  ourwallstreet  cdnpolirally stocks  euro fades debt crisis drags european stock index futures fell euro dipped wedn...rttom friedman people economic crisis  politicians  election.goedetiming boomerang van michael lewis een boek de voortwoekerende europese schuldencrisisgr8 column fromthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape.wake call crisis averted? | york daily newsnypd detuvo 80 personas relacionadas con el movimiento de protesta por crisis económica  llamado  occupywallstreetthis. urgency needed. time fear.  usincrisis rthesitation wise  lot fear o… (cont)occupywallstreet  usdor "american liberty crisis   eric allen bell" ericallenbell.orgrtnews analysis greece awaits votes rescue package euro crisis

rtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetthere difference creating fear earning respect.  comes price other.rtdo fear government believe "by people  people"? followoccupywallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtny  paris battle freedom speech  occupywallstreet  parisnofear  acampadaparisrtny et  paris même combat la liberté expression   occupywallstreet  parisnofearrtocuupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ouwallstreet arrest none you. force issue. goodbye fear.  nypdstay strong peaceful  occupywallstreet          theworldiswatching  parisnofear  15m  15o  sept17  takewallstreetrtfirst coral women net  mace  humiliate   occupywallstreetbear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...bear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...rtthe demand abstract bring lobby funded system controls world inducing fear  occupywallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks p...rtjets antonio cromartie suffered bruised lungs & te jeff cumberland feared torn achilles. story   nyjrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtif nypd collect dna samples protesters  america pharmaceutical industry cure them.  occupywallstreetrtrtwe re simply arrest wearing suit. happened.  occupywallstreet  sept17rtwrite  occupywallstreet popular youtube video comment pages
rtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetsnooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s...occupywallst occupy wall street life poor hell    usa  newyorkrtoccupywallstreet occurs nasdaq actually foot  libertysquare.  ironica web tool automate internetrtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallstrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtlegal team indicating notice served ambiguous legally dubious.  takewallstreet  sep17anyone notice  occupywallst odd foreign flavour?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  phnm  p21from pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthyou re  takewallstreet crowd service gluttons bust  union & pension.rtdoesn  occupywallstreet worth covering till police roughed protestors.rttwitterswarm   media contact sheet call demand cover  occupywallstreet  =  p21  p2  news  lgbti am surprised inwsj  "bankers  protesters  ones arrested on"rtnytimes hack  nypd didn publish n212 334 0611so tell police jobweather nature preparing ya revolution progresses.  thx4hangingtough  occupywallstreetrtbe safe  civil  persevere & successful imagine & world  watches   takewallstreet  usdor  p2rthelp promotethat starting support offer   occupymadison  occupywallstreet
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetlive stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet(from buzzfeed)  nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet“nypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreet” wtf?occupywallstreet  occupy  wallstreet live feednypd  live scanner audio feed  & scanner codes   occupywallstreetrt.in 2010 goldman sachs bankers received $15.3 billion bonuses  feed hungry person planet.  occupywallstreetthank  thanks feed. doing job. helpful.rtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet los angeles  live feed    occupytogether  occupyeverywhere  sept17so grateful live feed  takewallstreetrtget live feed     cops ramping siege liberty plaza     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtnypd manhattan precincts 1 23 citywide 1 3 live scanner audio feed  stay informed   occupywallstreet  usdor  unityrt    mass arrests york lead heightened tension  nypd  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  feedtheprotest  sept17rtnypd  live scanner audio feed  & scanner codes   occupywallstreetrtnypd manhattan precincts 1 23 citywide 1 3 live scanner audio feed  stay informed   occupywallstreet  usdor  unitya random lady isyou blowing feed hate...is twitter sending too...rtslow motion  nypd pepper spraying girls   takewallstreet  generalassembly  feedtheprotest  occupywallstrock ny times  thanks waking up.  lentils feed grand nutritional deliciousness pennies.  yesrtfrom web ethan nadelmann drug policy alliance responds nypd marijuana ...   mmot
feels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetrtdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forcertretweet tweet   feel  99% movement /  occupywallstreet    takewallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza    nycthis lie 827 910 928 208    "yankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethrenweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...wonder howfeel knowing world watching them. feel magnifying glass?  occupywallstreetrtit thrill watchings  occupywallstreet livestream  feels movement momentum   ourwallstreet  owshello  graphic designer. feel free email artismylife702.com : )major props thefor quick response. didn phone  feel little sick stomach.aw  thanks   actually feeling   eating & pooping & fighting phoebertif act badly  bad. feel anger 60 s. pigs back?  american answers.rtit thrill watchings  occupywallstreet livestream  feels movement momentum   ourwallstreet  owsrtwalking park lively discussions side. subdued mood side. nypd presence feels lighter mon night.  owsrtretweet tweet   feel  99% movement /  occupywallstreet    takewallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza    nyci feel indulge birthday  especially  oldfart champers morrison own   wlfrti feel sorry officers...... doing told  occupywallstreetinspiring feel video chicago  50 people  question    favoritememoriesthis feelings. sleeping park 500 people. sweet dreams  occupywallstreetrtthe chicken picture makes feel understand. please tell am alone.rtonly criminals feel silence speak evil.  nypd  occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreetrtit thrill watchings  occupywallstreet livestream  feels movement momentum   ourwallstreet  ows
rtrtwe 99%  sept17 choose 2make peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtfact 99%  sept17 choose peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  createnothatebreaking americans choose president based own interests. rtletter washingtonrt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.poll quinn leads dems mayor race voters choose mayor  democrats f...rt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rt oct 7th fed reserv minneapolis  consider starting location  assembly choose move  takewallstreetrtfact 99%  sept17 choose peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  createnothatert21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rt oct 7th fed reserv minneapolis  consider starting location  assembly choose move  takewallstreetnytimes offices workers choose own devicesrtfact 99%  sept17 choose peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  takewallstrtfact 99%  sept17 choose peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  createnothatertfact 99%  sept17 choose peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  createnothatert21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rtwe 99%  sept17 choose 2make peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupynytimes offices workers choose own devicesrtgop believes sick  homeless & poor punished mocking choose help  occupywallstreet  sept17  usdor  gop  taxtherichrt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.rtfact 99%  sept17 choose peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  createnothatertrtwe 99%  sept17 choose 2make peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy
stephen exec director interviewed cheryl willisparadiswe lost   director sought justice via filmrtparadise lost  director joe berlinger sought justice convict..rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.instead waiting storm aid  online yourself movement peg ellsworth  executive director o...rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.yea   rtstephen exec director interviewed cheryl willsrteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.director joe berlinger "paradise lost 3" & film approach west memphis 3  release.  lonestarrteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.even former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest  takewallstreetows  cnn  cbs  nbceven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest  takewallstreetows  cnn  cbs  nbc 1even former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest  takewallstreetows  cnn  cbs  nbc 2even former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest  takewallstreetows  cnn  cbs  nbc .even former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest  takewallstreetows  cnn  cbs  nbc&even former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest  takewallstreetows  cnn  cbs  nbc ^rtover 800k ppl  inc jimmy carter  former director fbi & pope called georgia stop execution  troydavisrtrtkent director ofs stinging attack  nppf "breathtakin… (cont)rtwe registered quick statute drawn six ppl ready including vet tech director
rtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare“foley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreet”rtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrt“foley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreet”rtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreet
rtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyn3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopn3kkid  occupywallst spokesmodel   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst spokesgenious   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocrajoni mitchell n3kkid  occupywallst ijit   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcotanyone notice  occupywallst odd foreign flavour?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  phnm  p21occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21from pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21both  teaparty &  occupywallst bogus *movements* (useful idiots sincere o/c).  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnmteaparty &  occupywallst t/won establishment squeal.  delivery  immigration  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnm  p2if  teaparty &  occupywallst weren bogus  establishment  immigration  trade  etc.  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgpto establishment  liheap debatable. reducing  immigration heresy.  teaparty  occupywallst  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst jonimitchell occupies  despite smoker   nsfw  p2  teaparty  tcot  sgprtwtf nypd ? nypd cites 166 law banning wearing masks masquerade party (lol  halloween? )  occupywallstreetrtstep  1   television  good.avlnews  occupywallstreetcall  economicjustice common cause workers  tea party  progressives  libertarians  greens  occupywallstreetrtdon worry gop haters. mad b/c teaparty attract 5 people time anymore.  occupywallstreet  p2it tea party signs  occupywallstreet.  99%.
rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycare paying attention?  occupywallst pretty fucking big. wake please. world moving....... you?unlawful tents erectedrtthe silent majority getting message. tide turning. ll help channel discontent.  occupyla  occupywallstreetyes..oppportunist cornel west..full cat left stairs & ain spilled milk..attention getting creeprtoccupy wall street – you’re outraged  you’re paying attention   >  <    occupywallstreetrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtwe wont pander idiots  fools  trolls  sour individuals  looking attention. positive movement.  occupywallstreetand potentially destroy world rtun assembly meeting impact traffic manhattanparents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicide content tormenting buffalo are...have willing pay content?rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallsthonestly..that probably intention :pobviously talk thanks bringing attention cause :)  takewallstreet  usdorrtnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)rtoccupy wall street – you’re outraged  you’re paying attention   >  <    occupywallstreetnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)
rtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreethey  join  nyc? tell reason  iwilloccupy fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2rtsunsalutesrtnytimes hack  nypd didn publish n212 334 0611so tell police jobnypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city  police plane  hitechcj  mmotrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymous“jee thanks  rtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injury  yikesbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   antibanks  takebackamerica  usdor  owsbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdormtgetting ready  nycutshurt press conference  nyc today. parents tell real story.pls tell  nypd stop brutality  wall street protesters educated  employed & angryo.m.g. t.b. quotes true?? “tony bennett tells howard stern sirius xm ‘we caused 9/11?coordinate day support  takewallstreet  twitterers  & refuse media..forcing viewer & listenr   fall & tell em yrtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2rtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetcloverfield. rtrtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injuryrthey  join  nyc? tell reason  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupytakewallstreet...i awake... tell im spreading "false news"  occupywallstreet  occupytexas  occupyelpaso
occupywallstreet 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement   occupywallstreetover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement  occupywallstreetthe american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksnews finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay th...rtover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementrtbloomberg bully pulpit & refuses 2 fight 4  millionairestax. $4.6b cld eliminate cuts  whycoordinate day support  takewallstreet  twitterers  & refuse media..forcing viewer & listenr   fall & tell em ynytimes finance minister quit russian government   aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...rtrt100 officers refused duty today. question  officer… (cont)rtrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused violent kettling.  confirmations?rtrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused vio...rtrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetfinance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...rtover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement   occupywallstreetbeing refused burger king food prolly 1 cld happen.  longlife  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet protectedrt"unconfirmed reports 100 cops refused solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreethahahahaha100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreet  thepeopleunitedwillneverbedefeated“what matter texas?  <> plus refused debate. now.
dhs chemicals biological response unit wearing anonymous maskrtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsethe zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsethe zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rtrtrtunhappy w/ nypd response  occupywallstreet?  message police commissioner he… (cont)rtmtsome protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responseletter editor response “gunning wall street  faulty aim”  ourwallstreetrtmy response article.“first ignore  laugh  fight  win.” gandhirtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsemajor props thefor quick response. didn phone  feel little sick stomach.rtmy response theterrible  occupywallstreet coverage   takewallstreet  p2rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertpeople world condemning  nypd response  occupywallstreetrtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response“in response strong criticism  york city police department officials urging officers follow the...rtpaul krugman  pitch perfect response synthetic outrage solyndrartsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsehealth insurance costs rising sharply  study responses survey mercer  consultin...clever rtpaul krugman  pitch perfect response synthetic outrage solyndrartsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response
rtdining family makes happier  adjusted teens   viateen injured hopping line fence sue city $2.5 millionrtiheartradio fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey ...rtrip 2my little cousin kyanna  smh believe rtbrooklyn teen dies ...rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadparents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicide content tormenting buffalo are...rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtthe principal help cause teens *not* attend it.rtbruce springsteen street band discuss future late sax player clarence clemonsrtbruce springsteen street band discuss future late sax player clarence clemonsrtrttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppressionrtjackpot hi srgnt. pepper sprayer  aka douche bag proudly hurts peaceful teen girls   1%justice  tonybaloneydying teen calls 911 cut throat cops 16 dying queens girl desperate 911 call som...rtbruce springsteen street band discuss future late sax player clarence clemonsrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadtyra banks shares teenage struggles york public library launch ...sick. “teens continue taunt jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadcruel world...teens continue taunt gay 16 suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtformer teacher slain teen kyanna thomas student deserved futuredying teen calls 911 cut throat copsparents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicide
23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????????? ??? ?????? ??? ??????? ?? ??? ????? ???????? ?????   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  yerevan  rally  opposition  sksela  hima23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ??? ? ??????? ? ???????????? ?? ?????????? ? ??????? ?????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima?????????? ??? ?? ????? ???????????rtarmenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela ???? ???? ?????????rt?? ????????? ?? ???? ????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? ?? ????? ???? ????   armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  himart???????????????  ???? ??? ??????  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23rt?? ? ??????????? ??????  ????? ??? ????????  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ???????????))))))))rt23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ????? ????????? ??????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima    ??? ? ????? ?…. ????????????? ????? ????????? ??????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima    ?????? ??))))rt??????? ???  ????? ???? ????????? ??? ???????? ?????? ??????? 23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  skselart??? ? ?????? ????????? ??????? ????  libertysquare  armenia  23sep  yerevan  rally  opposition  sksela  hima23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ?????????? ??? ????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ?? ??? ????? ????????rt??? ??? ???? ??????????? ?? ??? ??? imagemaker ? ????  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ?????? ???? ????? ?? ?????? ???? ???????? ??23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ?.??? ??????????? ?????? ?????
rt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiers<sinisterteashop> wow  cops late hard irc occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<sinisterteashop> chicago situation?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupierswabc nyteased mondaycoverage of. watch gma mon  www.millionmomschallenge.org now.rt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtworking initial meeting discuss plans  occupywallstreetrtplease mayor .please release arrested immediately  nyc  takewallstreet  ocupywallstreetrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtnew hashtag nyc front line protesters    needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrthow  occupywallstreet hope support  lovenew hashtag nyc front line protesters    needsoftheoccupiers viartj lyons teashops 1909 popular ubiquitous closed1977
rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursfollowing  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info41staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas go21staid4  teargas  justincase go21staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallst1staid4  teargas >>> panic producing calm deal  occupywallstnyt dotearth blog lessons fire stricken texas<hamhouke> lawrence legitimate tear msnbc  maddow.   occupywallstreet  occupywallst (cont)rtwonderful  rtthe  raginggrannies tear livestream now.  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers  vinegar  suggest expectations suspicions future tear gas  occupywallstreet protesters..rt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartneedsoftheoccupiers  vinegar  suggest expectations suspicions future tear gas  occupywallstreet protesters..imo  msm ignoring  occupywallstreet b/c anarchistic  tearing social order.  teabaggers threatening msm fiefdom.rt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. via
rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtlegal team indicating notice served ambiguous legally dubious.  takewallstreet  sep17.  occupywallstreetrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetwatch live stream team people arrested   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplazartrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtsept17  occupywallstreet  15m   ? top stories viartrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreettht lame embarrassed 2b team rtwhat fakers  rams claim giants flopped slow offensertheythe arrest media team strategy ain  invented it. pay everytime arrest  occupywallst folks.rtthey water.   occupywallstreet. please rthaas selected presidents cup team“california mom accused sex son hockey teammates  holy molyrtoccupyphilly gained support teamster chapters philadelphia harrisburg  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtkate spade ny jetsetter teaming $14k vacation italy. check blogrtoped news teamsters report local joining  occupywallstreet 16   globalrevolution  usdor  democracy  icumi  p2rt"2 livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. 3 confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestaterturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtcall  mayorbloomberg  demand release media team marissa  flood office. 212.617.8000  occupywallstreet
rtpass shit     occupywallstreet“i heading  occupywallstreet afternoon ” news. thx keeping informed. press passes yet?rtnypd morphing military nypd claims passenger plane event terro...rtoccupywallstreet ths us&the world pass on2our children.press button election day enough.rtoccupywallstreet ths us&the world pass on2our children.press button election day enough.what exciting time  hope ny stay passionate peaceful. empower   occupywallstrtfdny passed liberty plaza honking horns fists air  solidarity   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtremember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreettwitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...twitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...rtit suggested pass  occupywallstreet band record sell live album.  id buy it.roger ebert hero day...a frail human flaws indomitable passion spirit.rtoccupywallstreet ths us&the world pass on2our children.press button election day enough.rtit suggested pass  occupywallstreet band record sell live album.  id buy it.obama regognise  occupywallstreetwhite house petition passed   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt“remember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreet”rtdid this?  norm van brocklin’s passing record stands 60rtremember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreetrtshow compassion police kids bleed   notmynyc  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  nypdyay  proposal passed   rtsound permit submitted. check.  nypd drag feet it?  occupywallstreet  sep17rtobama regognise  occupywallstreetwhite house petition passed   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viartphoto essay wall street—inside american occupation   occupywallstreetoccupy wall street | nyc protest american revolutionrtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallamerican police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnellrta recap events saturday  occupywallstreet   ows .... americans == proud & powerless....the american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksrtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallthe world believe americans actually truth  re zombies anymore:)  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourstreetiwilloccupy am sick bankers 100 millions 16% americans live below poverty levels  occupywallsteet  usdorrtif human  1 20 chance american.  prisoner  1 4 chance american.rthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rtphoto essay wall street—inside american occupation   occupywallstreetnyt "why rent nest?"  immigrants  unlike americans  don “success” & “independence” synonyms.nyt "whatever happened american left?   left quiet  loud? [obama co opted left.]nyt slide "road food  bad food:"  american road food highway plastic sameness.marc adler letter  occupywallstreet americans & progressive  mediartcivil disobedience parcel american democratic process.  occupywallstreetunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    usa  uk  cnn  bah  hrw  canada
rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterpweiskel08 photostream link again. sorry   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtmtofficers overseeing "rather die  sorry  believe re this"”rtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"sigh  am sorry. lou.gov hacked s. koreans  people hackers boundariesm6 north (sorry couldn resist )rti feel sorry officers...... doing told  occupywallstreetrtsorry   raginggrannies & re website   occuoywallstreet  opesr  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet leaving expressed whack please chance   sorrycantdortrtofficers "i die  re sorry  believe re this"  usdor  nypdit looking     sorrytodisappointrt.an  occupywallst arrested protester earlier  wrote stream officers puzzled mass arrests  sorryrtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetrtsorry  nypd paul j. browne  lost credibility   vids pepper spray   occupywallstreeti recall talking surrounding fed.  sorry haven heard then.disregard. retracted  mistake. sorry.i sorry bumming tweets  re complaint ve got. seriously. ...rtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"
rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstpower people plse share aroundrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetiran religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  francertwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordrttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreettons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediartplease spread people ground1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallstthere reason using mace people..rtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrt“all 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nyc”rtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.anyone notice  occupywallst odd foreign flavour?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  phnm  p21occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21rtpolice macing people wall street protest threat   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
rtmany awake  asleep  libertypark... spectacle tourists. stop speak w/us...  occupywallstreetbe careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.tonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetrtnotice letter distributed liberty park. legal legal/binding.   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.new york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.laying park. beautiful. occupywallstreet camping manhattan. this. reallyrttonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.we  meet thursday day market square park.rttonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.rtmany awake  asleep  libertypark... spectacle tourists. stop speak w/us...  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet march washignton sqaaure park. energy.rtpolice announced flames allowed park. reasonable  imo.rtupdate media event  "a conversation top 1%" 1pm local time zuccotti park...   occupywallstreet
occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21rtdoesn  occupywallstreet worth covering till police roughed protestors.rtmichael moore fat doesn occupy wall street  occupies streets   tcot  p2  occupywallstreet  usdorit doesn signature. author enforcer?  nobodyrtanonymous threatens nypd  brutality doesn’t stop  internetrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerisrael upsets "palestinians" by...well  heck  *doesn t* upset "palestinians"?new york busy  moby doesn eminem  photo courtesy of.  nytimesrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobs(just protestors hate wall street shenanigans  doesn mean hate you. fyi.)rtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerantonio margarito doesn deserve rematch miguel cottodoesn cover 1/2 home vids ve seenrtmayor bloomberg doesn pay taxes    doesn warren buffett call (cont)rtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrtvery atractive  brave. doesn media attention will. ¡viva la revolución   occupywallstreet  sept17rtamazing hownoam chomsky andall understand  occupywallst  msm doesn t.  tlotrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerduh. twitter doesn support terrorism. rtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupy… (cont)rtanonymous threatens nypd  “if brutality doesn’t stop   internet”   moonbattracker
rtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyougood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyou
interesting interview jetblue david barger; love leadership consensus situations.take pick leadership. sounds   help   leadershipwe leadership  washington  rthelp leadershipnyt corner office   ceo ofdavid barger leadership  hiring  managergood piece friedman. help leadershiphelp leadershipgreat  leadership lessons fromceo including "would report yourself?"rtread proposed  occupysydney framework  missing leadership   occupywallst"read proposed  occupysydney framework  missing leadership   occupywallstrt “rtwill speak  occupywallstreet 7 pm tonight.” stream live?rtthomas friedman help leadershiphelp leadershipon politics > nytimes help leadershiphelp leadership   “we people” economic crisis & “you politicians” electionrtmust read tom friedman help leadershipnytimes help leadershipgood question  tomfriedmanhas leadership lost mind? name herbert hoover ring warning bells?read           help leadershiparts | westchester westchester orchestras  approaches leadershiprtrt “rtwill speak  occupywallstreet 7 pm tonight.” stream live?
rtformer nypd detective "we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas"shocking fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies   fbrtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies  viartex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotascops creeps. rtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasrtfabricated  drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies.nypd faked drug arrests nydailynews.com/news/ny_crime/2011/10/13/2011 10 13_excop_we_fabricated_drug_raps_for_quotas.html ixzz1agn4ukiknypd faked drug arrests quotasrtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testif..nypd officer admits fabricating drug charges meet quotas | newsrtformer nypd det. admits fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas ..wow rtoct 13   nypd officer admits planting drugs innocent people meet arrest quotasarrest quotas  brilliantly retarded ideawe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifiesrtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifiesrt" fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas   former detective testifies."rtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former  nypd detective testifiesi definitely surprised. | nypd fabricated charges meet quotas  (viafrom)we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifiesrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotaswe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies  via
rtthank support  occupywallstreet  sept17 won forget it:)rtpeople world  occupyamerica   occupywallstreet "we legion forgive forget expect us"occupywallstreet dont worry banksters waiting monday  forgive  forget.people world  occupyamerica   occupywallstreet "we legion forgive forget expect us"rtdon forget   world watching actions  occupywallstreet stand fight ulive coverage  occupywallstreet  forget mainstream media support mediarti support  occupywallst protests cause re daily reminder badly wall st. fucked country populace forgets fast.rtworld dont forget  occupylondonexchange... coming soon....  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupywallstreetrtforget herman cain. supporting  occupywallstreet.rtrtworld dont forget  occupylondonexchange... coming soon....  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupywallstreetrt.the world watching  ows . seen evidence try silence peaceful protestors. forget.are forgetting westboro baptist church?? supreme allowed protest 1st amendmentforget netflix  occupywallstreet rtshould blame canada netflix split? |  (via)rtalso don forgetscotsmansteps  wonderful… (cont)check photos weekend srun  lots fun cause   neverforget  fdnywho serve protect?  pigs  wewontforget  occupywallstreetdon forget custard cream   wlfdon forget criminal charges   jail   occupywallstreetrtthis daily fight. won battle.  occupywallstreet legion  forgive  forget  expectrtdon forget live  occupywallstreet video feed broadcasting 10 straight daysno  re necessarily getting dementia  forget
keep up. world watching. rtoccupywallstreet trending worldrtsept17 day  iwilloccupy wallstreet.  1days  banksters realize watching.  anonymous  occupywallstreet  antisecrtnypd officers world watching. importantly  children watching.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdorrtheythe world watching.  occupywallstreetthe world watching.occupywallstreetrtourwallstreet  connecttheleft am outraged happening usa & msm reporting. world watching.......rtshame  nypd bit.ly/plkrmx world watching. occupywallstreet  nypdnewsrtkeep abusing   nypd. world watching.  takewallstreetrtlove photos. support you. world watching.   p2  occupywallstreet  usdoroccupywallstreet  day9. heads brothers & sisters  world watching.  nypd cant arrest stop idea   anonymousnypd world watching.  occupywallstreeti stop watching.   occupywallstthe world watching...this  peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters harassed arrested falsely (rtallow protesters assemble peacefully. watching.  occupywallstreet  occupychi  occupydc"heythe world watching.   occupywallstreet"  missouriiswatchingrtwall street protest tribe  soon enter 2nd week. alone. join you. world watching.  ourwallstreet“vancouver watching. solidarity”be nice world watching judgingrtnypd officers world watching. importantly  children watching.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdorrtnypd officers world watching. importantly  children watching.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdorif  sending love strength you.we watching.hold tightshame  nypd bit.ly/plkrmx world watching. occupywallstreet  nypdnews
rtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmarchers chant :"the world watching"   ows notelet people speak  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmarchers chant :"the world watching"   ows notelet people speak  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetwonder media picking up....why yelling " world watching" complainingrtrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease rt"the world watching"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreet.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrtrti nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  ...rti nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreeti nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrtrtrti nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  ...rt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetflood victims getting fed congress help hauling rubble cleaning buildings whe...rt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreet
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtrtbig media afraid wall street protest seriously   ourwallstreet  vancouver  cdnpolirtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspring{god him} rtbrooklyn 2701 ocean ave 2 people shot  1 aided transported serious condition. level 1 mobilization.rtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorcongratulations world thi seriousthe world finally happening seriousrtnonviolent direct action  occupywallstreet deserves seriously pressyou tell pigs leave innocent protesters alone.women maced? fenced in? cattle ? fucking serious?rtthx vnyt opinion  occupywallstreet deserves seriously press"   usdorthx vnyt opinion  occupywallstreet deserves seriously press"   usdorrtyes >  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreet successfully audited  fed?   truthseriously insert  occupywallstreet tweet containing  5050  football  beer  getoffyourcouchrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdornypd serious ? concrete jungle abuse women food $$$ crashes?  creators > destroyersrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtbrooklyn 268 cozine ave male shot transported serious condition. crime scene established.no  seriously?•?_?•?the world watching   kettling  brutality   join  join peoplertfwdbrooklyn ave & east 18 st car store front minor building collapse  serious injuries reported.in arizona accent hinder teacher’s career  serious? 4get arizona belonged mexico?
rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt.have heard anon? rtaccording  critical condition.no. info protestor critical condition rumour.how about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycnever aliveoccuppywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenyc freedom?we front page theoccuppywallstreet  nyc   criticalmass  bikenycny times obama donors  08 ain giving time. critical one. report attackwatch.comrtnice rtfriday  sep 30 critical mass  occupythestreets  nyc  7pm   libertypark  ccrtask bloomberg abt  nypd brutality & protester critical condition  occupywallstreet  heard  freedomofassembly?rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreet
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetzachary chesser  threatened south park creators   viart..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorrtmany awake  asleep  libertypark... spectacle tourists. stop speak w/us...  occupywallstreetrtit nice wake sidewalks heavily lined cops.  libertypark  occupywallstreet“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetbe careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.........can front camera ...?  freedom park ? ..tonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.rtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtnow prime time march wall street. party  waste park?justsayingrtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viartat zucotti park  occupywallst withandwho wearing nike shirt. ad free zone  dude.rtoct6 meet pikes park  occupythefed  solidarity brothers sisters front line  occupywallstreet
rtrtwax poetic bout separation leg  exec  jud powers.  owned fickle disloyal incom… (cont)fuhgeddaboud  plea deal  17 cops indicted ticket fixing rocco parascandola  kevin deutsch and...nypd cops caught dirty dancing west indian day paradertthere operation interested. film police officers.  oppaparazzi  occupywallstreetis  oppaparazzi underway? don armed guardians banksters (  nypd)  bully w/o video evidence it.  occupywallstreetrtwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march    occupywallstreet  ows"a paradise paradox"artist toyin odutola illustrates somalia op edparadiswe lost   director sought justice via filmderechoadecidir¿la casa blanca  amlo está muy fuerte para  la presidencia  es cierto?  amlortthese terrorists ve training for. nyt  nypd "overpreparation" caused violence.rtasí actúa el nypd al que fortuño acudió para  mejorar  la policía de  puertorico   atacan manifestantes pacíficasrtparadise lost  director joe berlinger sought justice convict..rtrtthese terrorists ve training for. nyt  nypd "overpreparation" caused violence.queen nefer kitty expert makes dead pets mummies  pyramids sold separately   mummy  catrtgreat article importance bike lanes city safer cyclists pedestrians  bikenyc  biketoworkrtcamp reconnects siblings separated foster carertmtit global economic crisis face; global morality crisis wealthy minority.  ourwallstreet  parasatismpet care queen nefer kitty expert makes dead pets mummies  pyramids sold separately cagliastro ...we play w/ german students rtsteuben parade nyc german pridebreaking activists  ows monitored online  fbi &  nypd august (5th paragraph)   occupywallstreetno  paid.is doing media congress won   shining light darkness.
rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatswall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsibtimes " occupywallstreet protests absurd demonstrations generation"   usdorwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threats violent clash marching the...wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatswall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatswall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threats violent clash marching the...nypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threats“ibtimes " occupywallstreet protests absurd demonstrations generation"   usdor”rtthousands people protest morocco  following call demonstrations february 20 movementrtlondon guardian ny media accused "slow mark cover demonstrations"   occupywallstrtibtimes " occupywallstreet protests absurd demonstrations generation"   usdorstudy inoculation science “wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsabsurd:)ibtimes " occupywallstreet protests absurd demonstrations generation"   usdorrtibtimes " occupywallstreet protests absurd demonstrations generation"   usdorrtibtimes " occupywallstreet protests absurd demonstrations generation"   usdorrtwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtprotestas en wall street.“wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtibtimes " occupywallstreet protests absurd demonstrations generation"   usdor
rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told togreece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchamerica yawns  world wakes up. salute america aware.rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hourswhere ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests lol“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpolice brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetlive stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetvictim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestoccupywallst meaning life stop stupid consumer nd protest wallstreet
unlawful tents erected“video awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park   occupywallstreet legal occupation plan  usdorrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park  lega… (cont)rtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park   occupywallstreet legal occupation plan  usdorrtevery1 tweets w/  nypd instead tagflood news outlets reports unlawful police activity  occupywallstreetrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtrtriding bus 50  cuffs writing this.. mass unlawful arrests  :[   occupywallstreetrtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park   occupywallstreet legal occupation plan  usdorrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtocuupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ouwallstreet shake fear. unlawfully arresting all. pt dayrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtoccupywallstreet protests demostrators demand release 8 unlawfully arrested tonightrtvideo awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protest  rtrtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park   occupywallstreet legal occupation plan  usdorrtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park   occupywallstreet legal occupation plan  usdorrtrtriding bus 50  cuffs writing this.. mass unlawful arrests  :[   occupywallstreetthe unlawful arrests  nypd fire  occupywallstreet needed. draw attention  usa public outraged
new infrastructure spending necessity bridges  trains airports ... funding fe...what tool. limousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport italy"t.s.a. terror link arrest kennedy airportfyi “heavy rains causing delays airports; travelers urged check carriers”rti.m. pei designed terminal jfk airport inspires preservation pushex world cup referee byron moreno  smuggled heroin kennedy airport  lenient sentencelimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italylimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyoccupywallstreet "mtsusan sarandon stops wall st. protests  en route airport flying italypreservationists mounting ditch campaign rescue iconic kennedy airport terminal nyc s...limousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyfyi flooding/nasty weather rtheavy rains causing delays airports; travelers urged check carriersrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italynypd  kansas kansas city  mo   ex nypd cop held airport suspicious ...    hithotusrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italyrtlimousine liberal  susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italyfyi  >> rtairport delays reported heavy rains movenew infrastructure spending necessity bridges  trains airports ... report provides comparat...
"it wail st" ny daily news front page     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"it wail st" ny daily news front page    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet front page theoccupywallstreet  owsrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrttoday sfront page wail st.rt "today sfront page wail st.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet<kfalkenberg_> front page guardian     occupywallstreet  occupywallst (cont)rtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtcentral hub occupy   fb pagerthere   pic front pagertfront page theoccupywallstreetrtyou publish occupy wall street photos & videos straight article pageyou publish occupy wall street photos & videos straight article page     occupywallstreetrtwhatever happened american left?  page best..reconnect w/ordinary people.wall street  protesters vow fight brooklyn woman front page demonstr...rtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtrtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nyc
please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetaudit reveals city paid $11.8 million housing subsidies dead peoplertneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesfloyd norris explains leverage cash flow. sovereign debt  cash flow repaid.   financefbi paid $2.1 million reward tipster led boston mobster james whitey bulgerrtfbi paid $2.1 million bulger tipsterrtnyc paid $12m housing subsidies dead people...   tcot  tlotrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtrtfbi paid $2.1 million bulger tipsterwell paid crazy rtrti leave w/ this...goodnite.rtplease  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetthey paid bill  tweetrtwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreetg.e. paid 0$ taxes  3.5b$ tax benefitsnyc paid $12m housing subsidies dead people...  probably acorn voters.rt* congress  executive  & judiciary bought paid lobbyists  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherertneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesno  paid.is doing media congress won   shining light darkness.rtwhy here? ge (and huge corps) pay taxes  paid  occupywallstreethey. this?  $$ wall st. paid super congress hook. wall st < democracyrtnyc paid $12m housing subsidies dead people...
rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  via“nypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreet” wtf?rtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtlibya ~gadaffi loyalists escaping  algeria ~regroup ~collect arms~ return attack  ffs viartrtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)unbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    usa  uk  cnn  bah  hrw  canadaunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    cnn  bbc  hrw  news  bah  gccunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    obamausa  ukrtattacking obesity epidemic figuring cause   nytimes.com   health  wellness  paleo  primalrtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetnypd equipped planes ten sept. 11 attacks world trade center  police commi...rttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarepolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare(from buzzfeed)  nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertyowas  bloomie decided comment 80 arrests yesterday nyc?  occupywallstreet &  occupyallstreetsrtfdl live blog  occupywallstreet day nine  pressing mass arrests yesterday   usdor  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet   arrests social media  violent protests  cops chaos.tax payer bailout banks "too fail" 99% austerity  bankster criminal arrests  reason  occupywallstreetrt"rtmy report foronand mass arrests.   occupywallstreetrttoday union square arrests nypd perspective relative professionalism sfpd  opbart  occupywallstreetwall street protesters broadcast arrests social media???????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? arrests peaceful  occupywallstreet  protesters continue. don   ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet  arrests protesters   wallstreet  bankers crashed economy  08.  usdorwall street arrests / beat  occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  martiallaw  takebackamerica  antibankspolice arrests morning 20th sep 2011 2  occupywallstreet   nypd  martiallaw  mikebloomberg  corporategreed  owspolice arrests morning 20th sep 2011 1   occupywallstreet   nypd  mikebloomberg  corporategreed  martiallaw  owsoccupywallstreet  police brutality  arrests  msm blackout   goo.gl/qqpo7  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  libertyplaza  mikebloombergtwo rough arrests  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrt "arrests wall street protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tort.cowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortoccupywallstreet rt50+ arrested caravan  netted&maced standing sidewalk [as told]rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tort.cowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortcowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortcowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreet
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told torturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortoccupywallstreet rt50+ arrested caravan  netted&maced standing sidewalk [as told]rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tourgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tourgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told to
nyt ed "the solyndra ‘panic’:"  solar company’s failure deter robust public investments clean energy.rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtcheap solar panels  rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 k…we solar panel    + inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdor messege detailsrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ...rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstree...rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ...rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar chargers ppl likewho tethered wifi recharge devices.rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar chargers ppl likewho tethered wifi recharge devices. (via)needsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdornasa solar flare deliver glancing blow earth   epic  realtalk  occupywallst? jail time selling home grown veggies"yalrtluckily type supports  occupywallstreet type targets innocent bc info out. opposite bulliesrthey maybe obama 1 solyndra     needsoftheoccupiers solar panel  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdor
did know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor ...rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.dont know...i dont knowrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.
i video.im disgusted  nypd " handling " situation .rt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreet.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrti nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreeti nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetdoing research  occupywallst. am disgusted nypd terrifying suppose protect us.rt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet 2 friends n.c. cops disgusted wear badge nypd doneoccupywallstreet 2 friends n.c. cops disgusted wear badge nypd done
rtrtbig media afraid wall street protest seriously   ourwallstreet  vancouver  cdnpolirtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnonviolent direct action  occupywallstreet deserves seriously pressrtthx vnyt opinion  occupywallstreet deserves seriously press"   usdorthx vnyt opinion  occupywallstreet deserves seriously press"   usdorseriously insert  occupywallstreet tweet containing  5050  football  beer  getoffyourcouchrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorno  seriously?•?_?•?the world watching   kettling  brutality   join  join peoplertnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion pages wall street protest "...deserves seriously press."rtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdoroccupywallstreet seriously sign it."to seriously  clarify message"  owsoccupytogether nyu prof. sez students decipher cause  usdorthanks concern man.  philly.  seriously considering returning bullshit.tell it. chomping bit am seriously considering trip week.i hating.  seriously  time tea party activist actually g… (cont)okay  ears  seriously.  trending continent? pe… (cont)i sorry bumming tweets  re complaint ve got. seriously. ...
rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & losertthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.feels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetrthere snapshot deep thinkers  occupywallst   ourwallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe silent majority getting message. tide turning. ll help channel discontent.  occupyla  occupywallstreetoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> major changes protect people corporationsrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetwhy  occupywallst ??  major    showup  help
rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtlegal team indicating notice served ambiguous legally dubious.  takewallstreet  sep17“how join anonymous beginner guide   anonymous  takewallstreet” simple advice. illegalobama blacks stop complaining fight  ...  occupywallstreet  nomorecorruption   marijuana   legalizeit  freedomthis guy  >... yeah  re gonna phone rally texas legalize  marijuana ...  occupywallstrtlegal info fr.  nlg  sept17 peaceful occupation  wallstreet   nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspolirtrtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)rtimportant  legal sheet | nyc assembly     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  povertyspeculators legal break washington clueless;rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtoccupychicago legal support please help   occupywallstreetrt.nypd badge 7432 legal charges pressed.   occupywallstreet  don buried.rtrtrtwe legal help fast. owns sidewalk front fed reserve. polirtcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this.rtnotice letter distributed liberty park. legal legal/binding.   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park   occupywallstreet legal occupation plan  usdorrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst
rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2michael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread t.co/zztu7fn8  occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2michael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtrtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2rtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2covers michael moore  occupywallstreet "uprising" spread   occupyla stands solidarityrtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2
rtmubarak style police crackdown wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  tcotrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrthas nfl tackling changed crackdown hits head? look tape startingrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrt“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsrtwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistakertwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistakepolice  crackdown protestors  occupywallstreet looking  assad  syria. dictators unitingrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrtbut ease  governments. insane crackdown freedom served purpose citizens awoken. sign times.  usdorinfowars nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet.rtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetnypd  crackdown  occupy wall street    luke rudkowski reports     viacheck video    nypd  crackdown  occupy wall street    luke rudkowski reports  viartpowerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdownnypd  crackdown  occupy wall street    luke rudkowski reportsnypd crackdown occupy wall street luke rudkowski reports   occupywallstreetrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrt“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrtwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistake
patrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlin| sport| patrick makau sets  world record  berlin     nj dc uk gb kenya dw malawi nigeria ethiopia la europe txadvisor news   patrick makau sets world record berlinny times patrick makau sets world record berlin patrick makau won time 2:03:38  topping previ...rtnews   patrick makau sets world record berlin   nytimes.com kenyan sets world record winning berlin ma...patrick makau sets world record berlin patrick makau won time 2:03:38  topping record he...rtnew world  marathon record patrick makau  2:03:38 berlin“patrick makau sets world record berlin  kenyan pridepatrick makau sets world record berlinkenyan sets world record berlin marathon  rain  socks bunching shoes  makau won ...kenyan sets world record berlin marathon accident sunday makau ran unimpeded  arms swin...patrick makau sets world record berlin patrick makau won time 2:03:38  topping record held by..."in dreams  am kenyan" congrats   running  marathon   patrick makau sets world record berlinrtkenyan patrick makau ran world record 2:03:38 berlin marathon morning. today?rtpatrick makau sets world record berlin  increíblertpatrick makau sets world record berlinpatrick makau sets world record berlinpatrick makau sets world record berlinrtnew world  marathon record patrick makau  2:03:38 berlinpatrick makau sets world record berlin patrick makau won time 2:03:38  topping record held by...rtan extraordinary achievement kenyan patrick makau ran berlin marathon 2:03:38  beating geb world record  wow.
rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogthat trendsmap australia   twitter blocking id site?rttakewallstreet twitter   trendsmap   occupywallstreet trending world   usdor  unity  p2  topprog  p21rttwitter blocking hashtag  occupywallstreet usa. look trendsmap bit.ly/q7ue0e  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet twitter   trendsmaprtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogmtwow      >  occupywallstreet twitter   trendsmap  media listening  world   p2rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrttakewallstreet twitter   trendsmap   occupywallstreet trending world   usdor  unity  p2  topprog  p21rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogyes trending. trendsmap   occupywallstreet  libertypark  sept17  globalrevolutionrtoccupywallstreet twitter   trendsmaprtwow      >  occupywallstreet twitter   trendsmap  media listening  world   p2rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogmttakewallstreet twitter   trendsmap   occupywallstreet  usdor  unity  p2  topprog  p21  owsrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrttakewallstreet twitter   trendsmap   occupywallstreet trending world   usdor  unity  p2  topprog  p21rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprog
rtnypd obey constitution. disregard superiors protecting special wall street.  occupywallstreetare involved  sept17 manipulation president  special  adviser meguedem (& newspapers) int min daho ould kablia.  algeriai typically respect job guys  please don beating protesters. especially re trying hit you.rtoppulse:wondering  weare? lil  intel ya [here]  (special msg toat 3:00)  opesr  ourwallstreetrtall  occupy family especially. love guys.....rtoccupywallstreet warm  folks. special admire you.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  america  usa sleep <3i feel indulge birthday  especially  oldfart champers morrison own   wlfi subscribe button fb specially 4 survailance  takewallst. protests initiated  sept17you rock lupe  reason  nypd act  especially commanding officer.you re  cowardsrtoccupywallstreet warm  folks. special admire you.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  america  usa sleep <3rtrta beautiful  generalassembly process now. special guest charles bar… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet warm  folks. special admire you.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  america  usa sleep <3rtall invited  especially students hs 4 econ+finance  2 tonight 7pm  generalassembly. listening other.  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers requests musical instruments  especially drums. love cheap communal violinrtlastly  university students  journalism especially  colleges/univ… (cont)“a beautiful  generalassembly process now. special guest charles barron  nyc councilman.  occupywallstreet  sep17”signing evening. sleep  especially heroines heroes  libertyplaza. ll b… (cont)rtlastly  university students  journalism especially  colleges/univ… (cont)rtomg piers morgan doing special michael moore roots  occupywallstreet &did op  nypd bad behaviorrtrtrta beautiful  generalassembly process now. special guest charles bar… (cont)rtlast day catch special nostalgia train. hbo promotes season ii boardwalk empire. (cont)
n3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopn3kkid  occupywallst spokesmodel   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst spokesgenious   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocrajoni mitchell n3kkid  occupywallst ijit   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcotanyone notice  occupywallst odd foreign flavour?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  phnm  p21occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21from pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21both  teaparty &  occupywallst bogus *movements* (useful idiots sincere o/c).  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnmteaparty &  occupywallst t/won establishment squeal.  delivery  immigration  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnm  p2if  teaparty &  occupywallst weren bogus  establishment  immigration  trade  etc.  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgpto establishment  liheap debatable. reducing  immigration heresy.  teaparty  occupywallst  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgprtnyc paid $12m housing subsidies dead people...   tcot  tlotrt.thanks 4 1st cover  occupywallstreet. people maced  nypd b4 media  smh   tlotrtmichael moore helps "occupy wall street"    [  news  solidarity  occupywallstreet  p2  topprogs  tlot  rebelleft ]rtunderground politics  msnbc interviews  occupywallstreet protester kelly heresy   takewallstreet  tlot  topprog  p2rtthe amendment adopted protect rights.  tcot  tlot  sgp  p2  nra  occupywallstreet  teaparty  opesr  nwo  anonymousrtoccupywallstreet  deal 100s ppl sleep nightly protect fort?  cspanwj  p2  tcot  tlotdefends video parody welfare abuses (i wasn aware otherwise)   tcot  teaparty  p2  tlot
rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive streaming coverage protests wall street.  media won cover  cover yourself.    occupywallstreet“live wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>occupywallstreet nouveau en streaming live surrtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>   ows  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet please livestreaming. allows truth   propaganda  people provoking  nypdlive streaming coverage protests wall street.  media won cover  cover yourself.    occupywallstreetrtwe live streaming      & join    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet     globalrevolution startedrtoccupywallstreet please livestreaming. allows truth   propaganda  people provoking  nypdrtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>feed offness netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks  [manual offable]feed offness netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks  [manual offable]live streaming  occupywallstreet     anonymous   culturertoccupywallstreet please livestreaming. allows truth   propaganda  people provoking  nypdstill live streaming  occupywallstreet  4.1k+ following you?  anonymous  culture support followsusan sarandon  occupywallstreet   livestreaminglivestreamingv  liked guy talked abt corporations barrick gold etc &guy smartrtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworks   nytimes.com |  via twittelator padrtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>
rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetbronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards stabing. fdny 2nd alarm fire location.rtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viartyou started glorious fire freedom soon warmth warm souls globertwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycnyt dotearth blog lessons fire stricken texasrtman fired stray bullet killed 92 grandma own home senten..rtrtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)rtpeople arrested earlier released  returning  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtcamera "document  nypd misconduct  occupywallstreet protesters  cops losing jobs& paying claims  cc"rt. china  india building 4  coal fired power plants week.rt"people arrested speak ga.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassembly "rtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "even cleared crimes stay fbi watch list  procedures drew fire civil li...daily news nypd probably couldn jetliner  key police source nypd firepower to...michael moore mentioned occupy wall st cnn.  hopeitspreadslikewildfireman stabs roommate machete  lights self fire cops bonkers bronx machete stabbed hous...dot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasu/d  bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing scene 2nd alarm fire." 9:21:02 ambut "60 minutes (of propaganda)" tells nypd keeping safe hasn shot planes yet.rtif nypd officer belligerently maced peaceful protesters fired  follow link.
have mega corporations world  law ? visit  share opinion.rtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet   opinion   al jazeera english  viajournalism  news  p2rtrtjust desperate control people public opinion. mu… (cont)rtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtthx vnyt opinion  occupywallstreet deserves seriously press"   usdorthx vnyt opinion  occupywallstreet deserves seriously press"   usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorgreat op ed.  rtop ed contributors ‘economic security’?greaton morality rhetoric government policymaking  fdrbehind scenes  occupywallstreet   opinion   al jazeera english  viartnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion pages wall street protest "...deserves seriously press."rtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet   opinion   al jazeera english  viajournalism  news  p2realities sexual dysfunction prostatectomy radiation therapy prostate ca.rtjust desperate control people public opinion. mu… (cont)thanks.  song perfect antidote authoritarianism  opinion. poetry.  ant… (cont)at  nypost opinion re  troydavispussy footingnyc opinion delay kindergarten child’s peril parents hold child starting kindergarte...
rtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardrtplz help 4 public awareness stop  nypd thugs frm violating citizens constitutional right2protest   occupywallstreetomc yikes  confidential; am rid gmail; apparently formhongkong trying break inrtdon bullying  absolutely sickening  sinister kids  parents?rtam  "this democracy looks like" chant symphony ears?  solidarity  occupywallstreeticonic protester/got knees/screamed bank4 taking’ parents home?  p2takewallstreet  liar liar pants on..karen malpede   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismrtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreet"i surprised aren people streets." piers morgan  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtyour grandmother aren u? ? ?    >   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmtgetting ready  nycutshurt press conference  nyc today. parents tell real story.rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreet"so cliche" rtjay christen  brooklyn nets  arena concerts   newyorkcityrtso guy arrested felony assault police officer  apparently. rnc conventions.  usdorrtfree concert w/a cause>9.26.11benefiting hiv awareness withrtrtwow. yahoo  apparently blocking emails referencing occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  censorshiprtapparently execute prisoner save rtjustice troy davisrtand apparently  occupywallstreet happening england  u.s.parents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicide content tormenting buffalo are...and twitter aren preventing trending?   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17
rtformer  nymayor ed koch "obama reelection express" | york daily newsnoisy crowd demonstrators former u.s. vice president   antiwar  antibanks  cheney  usdor  stopthemach2011rtrt6 former georgia corrections officers stand w/  troydavis prison staff refus… (cont)bloomberg wasn hiding poll watching payment  ex aide haggerty trial former mayor bloombe...clinton obama tax plan speech albany   former president bill clinton declared stirring speech ...rtformer sf poet laureate jack hirschman  occupyfdsf  takewallstreet  sept17  usdor  occupywallstreetwill smith former nyc apartment hits market $19.5 millionrtrt6 former georgia corrections officers stand w/  troydavis prison staff refus… (cont)rtformer navajo nation officer 6 mos sentence pepper spraying arrested   nypd?  occupywallstreetrteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.great piece nytimes wed ( read) 2 weaken power former oil former national security advisor robert cformer sallie mae board whistle blows  studentloandebt ~corruption~tlot  tcot  occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  obama2012rt"greetings former coworkers " said.  beatthebell  takewallstreetcheck friend penn jillette list sellers   york times   performersrtformer teacher slain teen kyanna thomas student deserved futureceo solyndra brian harrison  former head intel nm:"krugman solyndra scandalrteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.occupywallstreet sat 9/24 concert (tonight @ liberty plaza formerly zuccati park)  viachris hedges  former reporter york times talking world now...  occupywallstreet :)bill clinton president barack obama tax increases rich ... kenneth lovett former presi...former pro cyclist & ceo ofis raising  diabetes awareness  via.   jdrf
www.bit.ly/dcdebn antichrist matters politics  www.bit.ly/dcdebn“one five york city residents living poverty  ••• sad.  nyca american military officers afghan officials finished five hour meeting their...rtcensus five yorkers lives povertyrtone five york city residents living povertyrtnbc channel 4 ny story  occupywallstreet protests now. five minutes broadcast.rtone five york city residents living povertyrtrtcensus five yorkers lives povertya friend complained lacking ft nanny.  wtf / rtone five york city residents living povertyrtat eighty arrested  five maced   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  globalrevolution30% 18 rtrtcensus five yorkers lives povertyrtfive banks account 96% $250 trillion outstanding derivative exposure   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcensus five yorkers lives povertyrtrtat five arrested  critical condition | occupywallstrtcensus five yorkers lives povertyrtcensus five yorkers lives povertyrtone five york city residents living povertyat five arrested  critical condition | occupywallstcensus five yorkers lives povertyinvestigation underway five firefighters injured brooklyn blazeartsbeat blog five playwrights named signature theater initiative stage

“frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81  "“correction   arts+culture committee meet 12:30  3pm.  takewallstreet  sep17”diebold voting machines hacked $10   takebackamerica  usdor  civilrights  diebold  hackerrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtreminder traveling to/from  jets game. rtport authority toll hike starts sunday   newjerseyrtthe invade & win hearts minds people building roads bridges putting locals work.  occupywallstreetin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape..."artsbeat blog ‘the lion king’ tops box officemy brothers sisters. hearts minute.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.top story james rubin abruptly departs bloomberg   nytimes.comrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtwhere main stream media? aren’t covering  occupywallstreet? michele bachmann farts & media smell.rtarts | jersey ‘much ado nothing’ river theater   reviewrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   nee… (cont)rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtartsbeat blog musicals festival diary money worriesrtmusic review ‘le jardin de monsieur lully ’ brooklyn academy music

rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  wallstreet   amazing atmosphere  ppl power  real stuff   sept17  downwithcorruptionrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetthe american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksis associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsthe day rage   sept17   beginning. tomorrow marks 1 week people occupation wall street...rt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17rtno matter repubs voted  corp media minority gop power 2destroy democracy  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17rtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracyrtrtrtex wall streeters supporting  occupywallstreet protest   sept17rtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtoccupywallstreet shout awesome protesters  wallstreet  libertyplaza fighting world  join    sept17rtprotesters continue flood  wallstreet   sept17  takewallstreet  cdnpoli  ableg  uspoli  p2  p2b  endwar  endpovertyoccupywallstreet  nypd  brutality  thisiswhatdemocracylookslike  usdor  libertysquare  takethesquare  sept17un laboratoire secret inventé la révolution du 17 septembre.  (bd de slim)  algérie  algeria  sept17  toutvabienare involved  sept17 manipulation president  special  adviser meguedem (& newspapers) int min daho ould kablia.  algeriartlegal info fr.  nlg  sept17 peaceful occupation  wallstreet   nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspolirtwill talk ga solution finish demands soon inshallah :)  takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstreet  sept17rtit harder arrest singing people yelling people. yer songs  revolution   occupywallstreet  sept17  libertyplaza
rtneeds web designer asap  occupythehood  occupytogether1staid4  teargas  justincase go2rtrt1 vote remove cannabis schedule 1 drug list & decriminalizationourdemandsrtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtcheck occupation near occupytogether.org  oct6  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  antibanksrtrtrt  ffto ...rtquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogetherits time dat demand publicly owned notforprofit run banks evry  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupytogether  occupylartoccupywallstreet los angeles  live feed    occupytogether  occupyeverywhere  sept17good luck  rton 1st  generalassembly 4   occupybeantownwish luck     theother99occupywallstreet october 6th people las vegas gather protest  occupylasvegas  occupytogetherrtwethepeople  occupyaustin  occupyphilly  occupyportland   occupymn  occupyseattle  occupysf  occupywallstreet  usdor    occupytogetherrtrt proud americartif don  news.  | www.occupytogether.com  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherrtsep. 27   occupywallstreet by(featuring)   viartquestion  occupywallstreet "how afford this?" answer "we afford to."  occupytogetheroccupystl  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  globalrevolution  stl  missouri   downloadable posteroccupystl  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  globalrevolution  stl  missouri   downloadable posteroccupystl  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  globalrevolution  stl  missouri   downloadable postersrtrtmichael moore   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupyamerica  usdor  ourwallstreet  p2
rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.i don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtclick hashtag  bro  rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.“i don  occupywallst  securities/equities markets reform.” ok 1% <3urti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.i ll it. rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.
rtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrta recap events saturday  occupywallstreet   ows .... americans == proud & powerless....the world believe americans actually truth  re zombies anymore:)  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourstreetiwilloccupy am sick bankers 100 millions 16% americans live below poverty levels  occupywallsteet  usdorrthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)nyt "why rent nest?"  immigrants  unlike americans  don “success” & “independence” synonyms.marc adler letter  occupywallstreet americans & progressive  mediapakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtno excuse       takewallstreet peaceful protest support  americans   betterweak americans protest themselves.rthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rtcol. raymond kelly please troops  nypd sir.. vietnam war. americanssick economy americans neglect health 48% americans skimped hea...plane touring mt. everest crashes nepal  killing 19  including 2 americans americans 19 peop...the  obama admin. respect constitutional rights americans protest speak freely.   occupywallstreetrt49% americans u.s. government immediate threat liberties   ronpaul  occupywallst  civilrightsrtcol. raymond kelly please troops  nypd sir.. vietnam war. americansrt 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtfact 400 americans wealth half americans combined   occupywallstreet  p2  topprogrtamericanspringthank standing       ourwallstreetand americans love job... duh hence  occupywallstreet troll.
occupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usarthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetrtrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  ourwallstreetrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  ourwallstreetrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarekeep up. world watching. rtoccupywallstreet trending worldwatching globalrevolution  viaoccupywallstreetrtpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution livertthe world watching nonviolence liberty plaza  viatakewallstreet  sep17rtrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtch34  public post40k+ views fags.  theworldiswatching  /v  fss34usdor  sep24  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  thewholeworldiswatching am2usdor  sep24  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet   australiaiswatching>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viausdor  takewallstreet>>> michel moore <<< watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usador>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usadorrtrtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)rtlawyers investigating escalating excessive force/coercion/brutality  nypd  occupywallstreet world watchingrtthe world watching  carefull "killer instincts". police working.rthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetwe spreading word guys  faith     world watching
rtfixed link "the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet " arun guptawrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanks  libertyplazartwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanksmarc adler letter  occupywallstreet americans & progressive  mediaan letter  occupywallstreet  tips & thanks   iwilloccupy  libertysquare  ows ?(??????•??)?rtnypd  "who believe  own lying eyes?"   occupywallstreet  owsrtnotice letter distributed liberty park. legal legal/binding.   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanksletter editor response “gunning wall street  faulty aim”  ourwallstreetrtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanksmtbravofor letter editor abouthack journalism  occupywallstreet   p2rtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanksletter wall street protestletters palestinian bid u.n.breaking americans choose president based own interests. rtletter washingtonrtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywall… (cont)the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet   p2  ows  sep17  usdorrtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanksgreat article share  summercamp newsletter "is junk food cheaper?"  fromrtopen letter arun gupta wall street occupation revolution begins home   occupykc  takewallstreetletter washington winning volatile electorate political independents ...   tcot  tlot  ocra
rtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiers
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimert“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.occupywallst occupy wall street life poor hell    usa  newyorkoccupywallst difference tunisian police dictature nd york police :nothing protecting richsoccupywallstreet fuck obama administration nd richs    usa fuck police york  usa  newyork  sep17kuvia yorkista  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  nypdkeep date  generalassembly york city.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet“three rabbis hike 15 miles brooklyn bronx weekly lead synagogue“romney pulls $1 million nyc fundraiser | york daily news    tcot  mitt2012  nygop”rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.autofollow sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistannew york times...   ffrtexclusive 100 cops involved nypd ticket fixing probe « cbs york.((pats back)) day ll 3 rtmets fall cards  assured third straight losing season cbsloc.al/ow0jwnand nyc doorman is...can story nycacc  newyorkcity annimal control kill policy changed kill shelter;rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish
rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)hey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreetthank you.rtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreet...rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rtyou don lose police arrest & beat media ignores you. lose up. up.  occupywallstreet  p2rtocuupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ouwallstreet arrest none you. force issue. goodbye fear.  nypdi typically respect job guys  please don beating protesters. especially re trying hit you.rthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rtthey ve ignored you. ve ridiculed you. re fighting you. comes next.  occupywallstreetwe love design you. type need? www.aleberrycreative.comfrom inside. dare you.   restoresanity  takewallstreet  occupytheemmys ///  emmys  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyto  occupywallst friends  you.   naked aggression   "right now"  viarthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtgot press protection curiosity locals you. msm little show.al jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17greece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtchilling photos police protesters clashing  occupywallstreet.wall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform   occupywallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...rtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentrtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtnypd pins  mace peaceful female protesters pls      takewallstreetrtabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.n3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  goprtrtoccupywallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtmubarak style police crackdown wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  tcotrtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2rtrtas uniformed public servant  commend  occupywallstreet protesters  nyc… (cont)rtwsj "bankers  protesters  ones arrested  occupywallstreet" vi am surprised inwsj  "bankers  protesters  ones arrested on"wall street protesters broadcast arrests social media
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrteuro zone death tripthe price cheap  food | disinformation  /nytimessnooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s...just reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  read"adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtadéu catalonia matadorsrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtgps hollywood sign beaten pathrtfinance minister quit russian governmentnytimes google doodle honors jim henson friendly monsters
rtoccupywallstreet   interview woman arrested yesterday  viaheadlinesstephen exec director interviewed cheryl williswe re newsrtvideoraves greening & sustainability efforts   14ygreenrtmonday announcement <>. rtjay headline concert barclays centercan story nycacc  newyorkcity annimal control kill policy changed kill shelter;rt “judge lawsuit filed utility wake 9/11 "far fetched"  oh wellrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersawaiting info subway linesrtvolatile dow drops 400  <~dow below 10 000.  ?“jee thanks  rtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injury  yikesrtjay headline concert barclays centerthe  nypd ashamed actions.  handle peaceful demonstration  they?what am doing gun? doing one? i’m sheriff  statenisland  aliceaustenwhat am doing gun? doing one? i’m sheriff  statenisland  aliceaustenrtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"like hearmtgetting ready  nycutshurt press conference  nyc today. parents tell real story.rtbloomberg bully pulpit & refuses 2 fight 4  millionairestax. $4.6b cld eliminate cuts  whyrtrip 2my little cousin kyanna  smh believe rtbrooklyn teen dies ...shame onfor brutality rtnypd silent pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protesters
american police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnellrtagreed  seconded & cosigned  : ) rtevery day day  occupywallstreet"never greedy  law." wealthy  connected greedy people (gluttons).unbelievable protest footage  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreet  libertyplaza  antibanks  corpgreed9/24/2011 marisa holmes forcefully arrested  occupywallstreet   takebackamerica  nypd  antibanks  corporategreednypd officers peaceful protester concussion  occupywallstreet..   corporategreed  antibankswall street arrests / beat  occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  martiallaw  takebackamerica  antibanks09 21 2011 police forcefully grab   occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  mikebloomberg  libertyplaza"i breathe "   police shoving 10:30am liberty plaza  occupywallstreet   mikebloomberg  nypd  corporategreedpolice arrests morning 20th sep 2011 2  occupywallstreet   nypd  martiallaw  mikebloomberg  corporategreed  owspolice arrests morning 20th sep 2011 1   occupywallstreet   nypd  mikebloomberg  corporategreed  martiallaw  owsrtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "rtphoto capitalisticgreed  occupywallstreet2thingsiknow   occupywallstreet corporate greed  takewallstreet government coruption. (in countries)  rtrtourwallstreet  campaignfinancereform greedy politicians politics  p2rtour msg. precision. agreed  call mainstream media conference & statement(1/2)rti stand w/ courageous brothers & sisters colors protesting greed wall street.  occupywallstreetoccupywallst website "the common = 99% tolerate greed & corruption 1%"check out...  occupywallst  occupylosangeles  capitalism  greedrthow gonna tweet corporate greed?   iphones   lol   occupywallstreetrtgreat sign  occupywallstreet "the world greed"  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy
rtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viartagreed  seconded & cosigned  : ) rtevery day day  occupywallstreetrtok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtwhat cheaper  eating out?rtgreatgraphic cost fast food vs homegreat photos & re cause  too.   : )rtnow prime time march wall street. party  waste park?justsayingrtwill talk ga solution finish demands soon inshallah :)  takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstreet  sept17rtthe power people people power  solidarity  ows  occupywallstreetmiddle class suffering sexy budget politics coverage greece  versions?<iamnoone> free source guys protest   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtrtrtthe power people people power  solidarity  ows  occupywallstreet"rtrtrtoccupywallst picture pbs correspondent arrestedsingle mothers scapegoats britain   stuff usual katrin bennhold triba day for&. 2 nets fan actually care.  brooklynnets.keep workbill max keiser gold left fort knox  segment fractional reserve currency &  ows  sept17rtiwilloccupy world cusp change plan help tip scales favor good...rtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreat rti believe "merkin" tuesday column. anfirst.picked day out.the bike lane roll onis great. pedestrian conflict  cigarette smoking bikers. funny.rtgreat read fromon billy beane moneyball
rt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetrtflyers winger wayne simmonds deny using slur sean avery    video simmonds meeting mediarta sock puppet troll account bashing  occupywallstreet  hope banksters pay wellrtphoto // revolution privatized   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  anonymousrtus "idiots" protesting massive fraud insane greed wall st  rock living under?  occupywallstreetrtnot true  met person communicate ease   occupywallstreet diverse  strengthrtget lawyers.. jail ..regroup again.rt"i am blessed " dr. cornell west   occupywallstreet   ows "the elite tremble boots "video manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasevideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertget lawyers.. jail ..regroup again.i don nemi  jessecat left twitter  jj left  wlf janis felidae gone too... dm  wlfrtnypd pepperspray women  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression   classwar  willnotbetelevised  wtf?rtmichael moore rev. jesse jackson support occupy wall street  imaging alec baldwin join in. :) hint.  ourwallstreetrt"i am blessed " dr. cornell west   occupywallstreet   ows "the elite tremble boots "rtflyers winger wayne simmonds deny using slur sean avery    video simmonds meeting mediartnypd pepperspray women  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression   classwar  willnotbetelevised  wtf?rtnypd pepperspray women  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression   classwar  willnotbetelevised  wtf?rtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasert   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetwhy leave? sad...  wlf

“this  occupywallstreet country wall street fills debt panel coffersrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtcheap solar panels  rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 k…we solar panel    + inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdor messege detailsrtisraeli panel offers plan ease cost livingrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ...rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstree...rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ...rtisraeli panel offers plan ease cost livingrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtin "corporations  politics & constitutions" panel.   conconconthis  occupywallstreet country report wall street fills debt panel coffers   usdorrtisraeli panel offers plan ease cost livingneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtisraeli panel offers plan ease cost livingrthey maybe obama 1 solyndra     needsoftheoccupiers solar panel  takewallstreet  ows  usdor
nypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...li lawmaker  cruise  event east meadow  ny (cbsnewyork) — nassau county strugglin...nypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...nypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...by kimberly rae miller york (cbsnewyork) – living reputations ...   lukewilliamssnew york (cbsnewyork) — thursday marks suicide of rutgers fr...   lukewilliamssnew york (cbsnewyork) – alarming trend york lawmakers introduc...   lukewilliamsscell phone service arrives nyc subway stations york (cbsnewyork) — cell phone service arrived th...cell phone service arrives nyc subway stations york (cbsnewyork) — cell phone service arrived th...family medford pharmacy massacre victim jaime taccetta files claim ... medford  ny (cbsnewyork) – ...in search love  nyc hair stylist barters services dates (photo cbs 2) york (cbsnewyork) — quest...rtarrests fatal shooting basketball star tayshana murphy york (cbsnewyork) — arrests killing ...nypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...rtworker falls 10 stories elevator shaft midtown manhattan office building york (cbsnewyork)   trag...rtpolice body floating near mill basin brooklyn york (cbsnewyork) – police found floating th...rtteenage girl stabbed fatally brooklyn york (cbsnewyork) – teenage girl died sunday morning st...rtfeds glitzy riverdale apartment building discriminated black renters york (cbsnewyork) — upscal...rtmom accused abducting 8 children tells story york (cbsnewyork) — week the...senator charles schumer expresses reservations president ... york (cbsnewyork) — presi...  ~mr. presidentli lawmaker  cruise  event east meadow  ny (cbsnewyork) — nassau county strugglin...rt “new york events thousand run honor fallen firefighter tunnel towers run york (cbsnewyork) – tho...
rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagefeed offness media equation julian assange  gilded british cage  [manual offable]feed offness media equation julian assange  gilded british cage  [manual offable]the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...the media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowrtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagejulian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage hand look julian assange’s remote sanc...media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assa...media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian ass...the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage
pennies funding circle  business lending site based london  rais...   finance  businessrock ny times  thanks waking up.  lentils feed grand nutritional deliciousness pennies.  yespennies kiva  lenders money (assuming default)  earn no...pennies president obama  jobs act  advocates exemption sums totaling $1 m...pennies obama administration  surprisingly considering own success i...penniespenniespennies obama administration  surprisingly considering own success gathering don...pennies obama administration  surprisingly considering own success gathering don...penniespenniespennieswww.a1webmall.com/ pennies obama administration  surprisingly considering own success ...pennies obama administration  surprisingly considering own success gathering don...pennies obama administration  surprisingly considering own success gathering don...pennies obama administration  surprisingly considering own success gathering don...how millions pennies 2 help shelter dogs killedpennies obama administration  surprisingly considering own success i...pennies kiva  lenders money (assuming default)  earn no...pennies obama administration  surprisingly considering own success gathering don...pennies obama administration  surprisingly considering own success ...  messageformore.com
looking   occupyamericartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtcome senators  congressmen  please heed call  don stand doorway  don block hall  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreat rti support  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  usdor  accept  permit politics hate country.investor "the governments rule world  goldman sachs rules world"   occupyamerica  takewallstreet  usdorhad politics hatred country?   usdor  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  occupyamericasomeone  "god bless  cryn." "nah. am foot soldier." rest   takewallstreet  occupyamericapls follow support spread word aboutoccupyamerica  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtpeople world  occupyamerica   occupywallstreet "we legion forgive forget expect us""first ignore  laugh  fight  win.” gandhi  occupywallst  occupyamericabedtime me... stay strongoccupyamericartrtlets  occupyamerica trending         retweetrtnypd cop allegedly pepper sprayed wall street protester unsettling past   occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  oct6rtoccupytheworld  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreat rtrally fight corporate/political "cyst"em.  occupywallst  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  opwallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet
red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bosto...pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans“red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day  los baltimore como siempre las puertasgot word w/ cellphone ziptied (for 4 hrs) 12 person van 20 others.. held 7 cell hourscarlotta gall reports pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans"a public mta bus ziptied "prisoners"  flag downright  owrellianpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayon baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bost...rta sign toxic pakistan relationship   nyt pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanspakistani army tied 2007 ambush americans | maj. larry j. bauguess killed  3 officers wounded. allyint nyt pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtrttiming everything. rtpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansa public mta bus ziptied "prisoners" instagr.am/p/oee w/ (via)  occupywallstreetafghans hold tied top negotiator’s death ...rtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayon baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayexcitingads  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans details ambush…on baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic he...rtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day
rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetpolice brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericai involved protest  gonna treated nypd treating protestors.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thankrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtdoesn  occupywallstreet worth covering till police roughed protestors.rtover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voicertdamp day  ourwallstreet. protestors survived worse coming stronger & larger numbers.rtit 100 hundred protestors arrested mention thetakewallstreet journalism dead.protestors arrested  ows via  occupywallstreet  antibanks  antiwar  libertysquare~ massive msm tv occupied greece protestors ~ nyc     ows  occupywallstreet  libertyplazacop maced peace protestors identifiedoccupywallstreet actions justified?if tea party protestors maced  beaten  brutalized & arrested nypd  corporate media ignored story?  occupywallstreetnypd thugs pepper spray peaceful protestorsrtpeaceful female protestors penned maced    occupywallstreetrtpeaceful female protestors penned street maced    occupywallstreet   via{}  usdorrtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrtin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.pls donate scarves  occupywallsstreet protestors. maybe people wear masks wear scarves warm  sept17 pls rtthis video  viral. nypd detain mace female peaceful protestors
it tea party signs  occupywallstreet.  99%.rtwe 99%. matter help out. time rise against.seems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtdoes "serve & protect"... 1%. don care 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.united stand divided fall.lets  unitethenation  occupytogether.we 99%.we people. solidarity  occupywallstrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.we 99%. matter help out. time rise against.rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank  <3 99%.
rtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymous"this video tells story  targets  andexpect us." supportrtrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymous"this video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymous"rtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymouscopper bandit targets nyc subways...rtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousan anarchist tumblr lists info cop relatives  cites targets.  anarchism bad name. revenge ain  justice.  occupywallstrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymouscopper bandit targets nyc subways... copper bandit targets nyc subways...(second column  8th story  link)rtluckily type supports  occupywallstreet type targets innocent bc info out. opposite bulliesrtcopper bandit targets nyc subways...rtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrttargets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtcopper bandit targets nyc subways...
stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?american police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnellyou re  takewallstreet crowd service gluttons bust  union & pension.rt?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreetrtinternal nypd rift aggressive tactics peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters?       opesr  usdor  a99internal  nypd rift  aggressive  tactics  peaceful  ourwallstreet protesters?  via  giabo  opesr“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”noisy crowd demonstrators former u.s. vice president   antiwar  antibanks  cheney  usdor  stopthemach2011protesters risking lives nypd 2protest banksterscorp provided obamafu chase banka political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...government obviously us. activists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protestersrtlawyers investigating escalating excessive force/coercion/brutality  nypd  occupywallstreet world watchingrtcall iraq veterans war join  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet    stopwar  veterans  solidarityrtnew york police viavideos unnecessary force peaceful protestors. pay economy crashes?weak americans protest themselves.2thingsiknow   occupywallstreet corporate greed  takewallstreet government coruption. (in countries)  rtrtfirst survivor  sextrafficking prostitution convictions dropped. victims criminalssweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  ...rtmemorial sloan kettering cancer center warns tap water patient contract… (cont)rtwe 99%. matter help out. time rise against.i live nyc. explanation police force protesters  occupywallstreet  usdor
nypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingrt"i don takes 2 imagination figure ppl doing wall street protesting"  occupywallstreetwhat am doing gun? doing one? i’m sheriff  statenisland  aliceaustenwhat am doing gun? doing one? i’m sheriff  statenisland  aliceaustenoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <sage_> doing talking (cont)you doing fine.  nucleus movement formed.shouldnt guys looking 4 jobs opposed trying stop doing them? rtday 8  occupywallstreetrtthe media committee doing inventory cleaning tonight  yay   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetthank  thanks feed. doing job. helpful.rtourwallstreet people starting fb occupy city planning occupations country  portland doingrtnypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingrtoccupywallst brave   re doing spread news story toldrtis doing job differentiating helpful websites & scams. look donate help.rtshout  occupynashville doing itrtnow guys finally fucking notice ve doing week?  libertysquare  occupywallst  ows  ourwallstreetrtthe demand "right peaceably assemble doing now"  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  usdorrtsupportoccupywallstreet donations provisions     doing 99%  join"sheeple".  occupywallstreet  whatkederwantskedergets  doingthiscauseimbored  whatsforlunch  sohungry  itsafraprtoccupywallstreet protesters re doing   sep17  p2"i don takes 2 imagination figure ppl doing wall street protesting"  occupywallstreetgod bless nypd   doing job   don protesters   lawenforcement  ruleoflaw  lawandorder  nyc  patriot
rtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtus day rage resources assemblies protests   dealing law enforcem...   sept17  revolutiondealing law enforcement  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet day rage resources assemblies protestsrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionlink link dealing identity hijacked online highway rick santorum lost control on...rtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetrtdealing law enforcement   usdor  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version  bit.ly/ektnd7occupywallstreetrtdid  nypd violated policy dealing w/ public protest? court reached spring ...rtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreet
instant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ... dick weiss toledo footb...rtdining family makes happier  adjusted teens   viabest "occupy" vid far. deserves enjoyed over. btw  resisting arrest makes worse.   takewallstreetrtawesome jobgood press makes happy    usdorny times article makes brief mention fbi investigating  occupywallstreet august.  takewallstreetrthomeland security makes appearance  occupywallstreet  viap2  usdorinstant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ...yemeni leader makes pledge step yemen defiant president addressed troubled nation sunday ...rtnypd makes fucking sick.rtny times article makes brief mention fbi investigating  occupywallstreet august.  takewallstreetrtrtabusing makes stronger.     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   takewallstreetrt90% believe peaceful. makes sense  are. poll   occupywallstreet  p2occupywallstreet makes cover york daily news.rtoccupywallstreet makes wash post.    time trip nyc.rtthis makes sick. encourage arrested sue shit nyc nypd. intolerable.if believe cutting penis makes sex better... ve bridge brooklyn sell  i2queen nefer kitty expert makes dead pets mummies  pyramids sold separately   mummy  cattruck patties  lot love  earn chef 2011 vendy cup street ... "my recipe aside  makes...truck patties  lot love  earn chef 2011 vendy cup street ... "my recipe aside  makes...truck patties  lot love  earn chef 2011 vendy cup street ... "my recipe aside  makes...rtthe chicken picture makes feel understand. please tell am alone.
nypd helicopter seen flying liberty plaza  occupywallstreet.rtrtsince nypd using helicopters film  occupywallstreet protesters; maybe un declare fly zone nyc?rtrtsince nypd using helicopters film  occupywallstreet protesters; maybe un declare fly zone nyc?nypd putting .50 cals helicopters protestors?   occupywallstreetdamn helicopter looking outside  hovering. feel watching cops  nypdthere helicopters hovering lower manhattan. on?2 helicopters hovering downtown   ok  libertyplaza?rtrtsince nypd using helicopters film  occupywallstreet protesters; maybe un declare fly zone nyc?rtsince nypd using helicopters film  occupywallstreet protesters; maybe un declare fly zone nyc?police activity linden blvd brooklyn. police helicopter involves operation.whoa... rtcity live blog woman dies helicopter crash east riverrtupdate helicopter 5 people aboard crashed york city east riverrtupdate police steering northbound traffic fdr east river helicopter crashrtrtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding1 woman dead  4 rescued // "now helicopter removed east river.rtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east rivernypd confirms passengers aboard helicopter crashed european. victims pulled water deceased.rtnypd dead helicopter crash east river   wcbsrt2 helicopters emergency landing nj   newjerseyrtrtcurrent report fifth victim helicopter crash doa.rtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east river
bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  (cont)rtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.rt.cowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetrt"bronx 2239 story ave pedestrian struck aided doa. vehicle fled scene. nypd hwy ais scene ai."the nypd plane baffled peaceful protestors.  occupywallstreetdudes crazy rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled (cont)rtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardslmaoooooooo rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 ...rt.cowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetdamn “bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled (cont)rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardsrtcowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetrtthe nypd plane baffled peaceful protestors.  occupywallstreetlol rtjah audi now?  rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtcowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetsmh rtbk5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regards.rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regardsrtcowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend.perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regards.
rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtattn  occupywallstreet medical emergency clinic 16th street bt… (cont)rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmedic team space (mylar) blankets > send ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street  occupywallstrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrt attn physical therapists  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  usd… (cont)rtsept17  occupywallstreet cuz bring attn corruption political system  hit hurts..$$$$rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtdon bullying  absolutely sickening  sinister kids  parents?rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtrtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]this >>absolutely owned  nypd unprovoked beatdowns  unionsquare  occupywallstreet   p2  usdorrtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtrtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]love  "occupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]rtthis >>absolutely owned  nypd unprovoked beatdowns  unionsquare  occupywallstreet   p2  usdorrtit absolutely pathetic. power believe true ...don misunderstand  absolutely am willing re support o… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]mtheyy absolutely zero coverage site abt   wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]absolutely  rtit depends message messenger.  occupywallstreetrtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.occupywallstreet remember happend?  bc watching arizona absolutely hilarious.  caringrtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtrtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]occupywallstreet abt  jobless hippies  absolutelynot  :]  \looks familiar  lol
rtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viagit eeet   opesr  ourwallstreet  endthefed >>  occupythefed via  a99shields  blackflagmilitia  anonymouswe flag liberty square & liberated zones   occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  takebackamerica  usdor  october2011  antibanksyesterday  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tour guide holding flag lead tourists camp picturesunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    usa  uk  cnn  bah  hrw  canadaunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    cnn  bbc  hrw  news  bah  gccunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    obamausa  ukrtunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flagrtfuck  "when fascism comes america  wrapped flag carrying cross"  occupywallstreet  usdortest flagrttakewallstreet day 7 photos"a public mta bus ziptied "prisoners"  flag downright  owrellianrtthink adbusters corporate flag symbol won takertorlando brown  sued n.f.l. errant flag  dies 40  sadunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrtif  occupywallstreet protest country government disliked&would it...rtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flagrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys. /  a99shields /  blackflagmilitia9 days finalization ofblack flags v2 music video anwants 2 include  takewallstreet.these theatrics embarrassing   fasleflag  occupywallstreet  bahrain  nypdp2  p2b
rtif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetthis guy  >... yeah  re gonna phone rally texas legalize  marijuana ...  occupywallstnypd sued times left track record lawyers   yours.rtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycrtrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetrtlawyers investigating escalating excessive force/coercion/brutality  nypd  occupywallstreet world watchingrtnational lawyers guild  office phone   (212) 679 5100  takewallstreet  takewallst   occupywallstreetrtmayor bloomberg committed campaign fraud  accused thief john haggerty lawyer ...  save americaoccupywallstreet chicago now. call lawyers police forcing out.opesr  a99  usdor  endthefed  anonrtstrauss kahn lawyers diplomatic immunityrteverything chicago  lawyers board  cop issues movement growingchicago now. call lawyers police forcing out. help chicago stay strong   ow  takewallstreetrt"chicago now. call  lawyers  police forcing out. help chicago stay strong "  occupychicago  usdorrtrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetrtrtgranny writing lawyers   arm   granny peace brigade  occupywallstreetrtrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycrtcity cardozo  city top lawyer  details payouts $561 million lawsuitsbloomberg committed campaign fraud lawyer mayor bloomberg engaged campaign fraud political operati...get lawyers.. jail ..regroup again.rtrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nyc
suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...rtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 ...suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22news suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded chur...   newsrtsuicide blast  indonesia. start destabilization. remember wikileaks attacks indonesian president.latest news suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded chu...rtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22   news  paperrtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...rtnytimes suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew at...   world  news  nyrtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22   newsworkvisasconnect suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22muslim attack rtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22news  > suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded...  <   newssuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22  [ny times]rtsuicide blast  indonesia. start destabilization. remember wikileaks attacks indonesian president.rtsuicide blast  indonesia. start destabilization. remember wikileaks attacks indonesian president.suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22  via
rt"kill messenger" book examines media perpetuated evil |  occupywallstreetbk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  (cont)rtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.dudes crazy rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled (cont)rtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardsofficer bologna perpetrating police brutality disgrace badge. world watching  takewallstreetlmaoooooooo rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 ...rtking sentences anon punks perpetual pizza   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdayofrage  ourwallstreet  usdor ht...damn “bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled (cont)rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardslol rtjah audi now?  rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.smh rtbk5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regards.rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend.perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regards.“brooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  < fucking simp...swag rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. ..."kill messenger" book examines media perpetuated evil |  occupywallstreetlmaoooooooo rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.
rtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rtwe replace wall street prison camp financial criminals.  occupywallstreet  wallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.manhattan parking meters replaced paystations; poles remade bike racksrtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.just replacedas fav ny newspaper coverage  occupywallstreetcuomo replacement indian power found   york daily news (blog)   nuclearrtprivate security 3 entrances wall st. replaced nypd. occupy  (as xe)  occupywallstreetwe replace wall street prison camp financial criminals.  occupywallstreet  wallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.idp replacements help re energize giants   fantasyfootballidp replacements help re energize giants   fantasyfootballrtcuomo replacement indian power found   fukushima  indianpoint  entergyrtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.    // news. :(rtiwilloccupy wall street b/c morning american flag  nyse replaced advantest®  flag.  sep17  occupywallstreetcuomo replacement power easily found indian  nuclear plant shut    fukushima
rtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtwith  nypd arrests day rage started.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza    nycrtrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtwith  nypd arrests day rage started.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza    nycrtrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtwith  nypd arrests day rage started.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza    nycrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtfromif nba season started...the jersey nets officially brookl...rtwith  nypd arrests day rage started.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza    nycrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.fromif nba season started...the jersey nets officially brookl...rtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.with  nypd arrests day rage started.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza    nyc
rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.occupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.occupy wall street movement marches union square  peaceful march attacked nypd dozens arrestedwho  nypd officer attacked girls w/ pepper spray?he fired immediately.   occupywallstreetrtnypd didn "clash"  occupywallstreet protesters  attacked peaceful protesters provacation.  p2rtrtnypd didn "clash"  occupywallstreet protesters  attacked peaceful protesters provacation.  p2rtnypd didn "clash"  occupywallstreet protesters  attacked peaceful protesters provacation.  p2rtrtnypd didn "clash"  occupywallstreet protesters  attacked peaceful protesters provacation.  p2rtthis isn time tony bologna attacked protestors.   occupywallstreetwell then. rtrtgunman attacked cia office kabul u.s. embassy employeebahrainians continue protests continue attacked week.  seertthis isn time tony bologna attacked protestors.   occupywallstreetexcitingads  world briefing | middle east  egypt pipeline  israel attacked…rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtthis isn time tony bologna attacked protestors.   occupywallstreetre women attacked nypd  occupywallstreet  sad  media sucks  lies hides truth. bankers robbed us
news    chew  food talk tough swallowchew  food talk tough swallow cool recipes. report real cost ...rti swallowed bieberblock excuse whencensored  wikileaks  "not current" lie explain  takewallstreet gone.chew  food talk tough swallow tv style maven clinton kelly hosts informal round table regul...chew  food talk tough swallow   york daily news york daily news chew  food talk show...pharmacy fixes fixes micronutrient vitamin powders children babies swallow vitamin pi...chew  food talk tough swallow cool recipes. report real cost ...small fixes fixes micronutrient vitamin powders children babies swallow vitamin pills  ...chew  food talk tough swallow   york daily news york daily news chew  food talk show...chew  review abc daytime food talk tough swallowpharmacy fixes fixes micronutrient vitamin powders children babies swallow vitamin pi...pharmacy fixes fixes micronutrient vitamin powders children babies swallow vitamin pi...chew  food talk tough swallow cool recipes. report real cost of...chew  review abc daytime food talk tough swallow cool recipes. wants...rtny daily news  amc food replacement "tough swallow"the chew  review abc daytime food talk tough swallowchew  food talk tough swallow tv style maven clinton kelly hosts informal round table regul...chew  food talk tough swallowpharmacy fixes fixes micronutrient vitamin powders children babies swallow vitamin pi...pharmacy fixes fixes micronutrient vitamin powders children babies swallow vitamin pi...pharmacy fixes fixes micronutrient vitamin powders children babies swallow vitamin pi...
gadverdamme  rtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net  (is ie stijf??)rtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet netrtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet netrtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)“rtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net  "rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)de schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet netrtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)de schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net
rtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographysad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtpixiq > nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographynypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial  york city police officer mark desimo...   fotonypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photography  photogs  travelanother example handed reporting   nypd cop berates citizen photographing memorial  via
rtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmedian3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopn3kkid  occupywallst spokesmodel   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst spokesgenious   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocrajoni mitchell n3kkid  occupywallst ijit   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcotanyone notice  occupywallst odd foreign flavour?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  phnm  p21occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21from pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21both  teaparty &  occupywallst bogus *movements* (useful idiots sincere o/c).  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnmteaparty &  occupywallst t/won establishment squeal.  delivery  immigration  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnm  p2if  teaparty &  occupywallst weren bogus  establishment  immigration  trade  etc.  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgpto establishment  liheap debatable. reducing  immigration heresy.  teaparty  occupywallst  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgprtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtblog post  occupywallstreet  cheese officers  re busted   p2  topprog  usdor  owsrtblog post  occupywallstreet protests coming city near   p2  topprog  digg  usdorblog post  occupywallstreet protests coming city near   p2  topprog  digg  usdorblog post wall street reaction protests   occupywallstreet  usdor  p2  topprog
rtugly. nypd corral mace peaceful demonstratorsrtrtthis disturbing shit. nypd female protesters corral  maces   occupywallstreetpls bloomberg nypd mace svrl women corraling dangerrtthis disturbing shit. nypd female protesters corral  maces   occupywallstreetrtrtthis disturbing shit. nypd female protesters corral  maces   occupywallstreetrtdid  mayorbloomberg send c0ps nets corral american citizens? own class war?  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrthorrible police using monopoly legal violence corral attack wallstreet protestorsrtphoto peaceful occupy wall street protest march violent nypd corralled pepper sprayed...repressed youtube vid  police corral mace protesters  occupywallstreet rally support protest  nypdrtpls rt.how justify nypd putting female protesters corral & macing them? youtu.be/mod2jngttoartpetition calling nypd identify & imprison officer pepper sprayed corralled protesters.rtugly. nypd corral mace peaceful demonstratorsuk activists track police avoid getting corraled  oct6  occupywallstreet  dor  takewallstreet  antibanks  occupytogetherrtrtdenied read rights.. corralled cattle told  leave crowd  i… (cont)rtrtif rw  anti abortion activists corralled maced nypd  nyt a1?  withoutadoubt  occupywallstreetrtugly. nypd corral mace peaceful demonstratorsrtdid  mayorbloomberg send c0ps nets corral american citizens? own class war?  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtdenied read rights.. corralled cattle told  leave crowd  i… (cont)rtpeaceful woman protesters corralled net nypd officers  maced. awful.  occupywallstreetrtpetition calling nypd identify & imprison officer pepper sprayed corralled protesters.rtugly. nypd corral mace peaceful demonstrators
“romney pulls $1 million nyc fundraiser | york daily news    tcot  mitt2012  nygop”maureen dowd  nyt "fed author ‘fed ’?"  mitt romney real value inauthenticity.trump offers faint praise romney donald damning faint praise mitt romney monday   ...trump offers faint praise romney donald damning faint praise mitt romney monday   ...gushes overbut "faint praise" fortcot  gop romney cluelessrtmitt romney pulls $1 million  nyc fundraiser | york daily newstrump offers faint praise romneymitt romney wins michigan straw polltrump offers faint praise romneythe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll mr. romney won 51 percent vote str...romney pulls $1 million nyc fundraisermitt romney pulls $1 million  nyc fundraiser | york daily newsromney?  mehthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll   politicsrtrtmitt romney won michigan strawpoll. celebrated true everyman ...no surprise  romney wins michigan straw pollchris christie marea la perdiz  sigo con que el ticket puede ser un romney / perry (desconozco el orden).rttrump offers faint praise romneyno surprise  native son mitt romney wins michigan straw poll   york daily newsdonald trump emerges mitt romney meeting offering faint praise gop ...   york daily newsthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll mr. romney won 51 percent vote str...
we start twitter campaign allow  occupywallst trendrtunincorporated people america  time rise  campaignfinancereform  ourwallstreet  ows  p2  usdor  tfytheeditorial board supports calls lives  laws campaign. read editorialrtourwallstreet  campaignfinancereform greedy politicians politics  p2rtmayor bloomberg committed campaign fraud  accused thief john haggerty lawyer ...  save americart9/26/11 wall street donates $41 million campaign accounts supercommittee   occupywallstreetrtinteresting social media campaign invalidate  occupywallstreet hashtag tweeting spam/gibberishrti future instead campaign ads  reminders time  generalassembly meets.  occupytogether  occupywallstreetif president obama term  stop campaigning start doing (leading is)   potusrtcorporations engage misinformation campaign    poetweet  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  sep17  wirtoccupywallstreet revealing obama campaign orchestrated crisis..3 2 late & blaming power gopjohn haggerty trial raises key question bloomberg break campaign ...rtthe  occupywallstreet movement example online campaign translated action ground |bloomberg committed campaign fraud lawyer mayor bloomberg engaged campaign fraud political operati...theeditorial board supports calls lives  laws campaign. read editorialfollowdefence & support campaign activists arrested held remand banner droprtcorporations engage misinformation campaign    poetweet  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  sep17  wirt>(sep 25) noam  chomsky supports  occupywallstreet campaign   ows  ourwallstreetrtunincorporated people america  time rise  campaignfinancereform  ourwallstreet  ows  p2  usdor  tfyrtdid  fuckyoujpmorganchase ad campaign?  associating themselves w/  freedom.  answer   anonymous?  takewallstreetff
holy shitrtif girl play peter pan  ve played little indian boy life pi.rtqueens councilman peter vallone jr. condones nypd  occupywallstreet brutalitypeter vallone jr york city council 22nd district chair councils public safety committee promotes police brutality  occupywallstyou pick public "law order" debate peter vallone? core message.rti kinda sorta support  occupywallst...but pete sake  articulate goals path achieve them?159 city? compete  nyc local grocery market  criticswoaa  rtrtmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly ...cellphone service available handful underground subway stations; 30 ... pete donohue cellphone ser...rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rti kinda sorta support  occupywallst...but pete sake  articulate goals path achieve them?peter pilotto illuminates london fashion weekrtif girl play peter pan  ve played little indian boy life pi.nypd plans extra police patrols nyc subway crime rate underground spikes pete donohue nypd atta...rtwhy queens councilman peter vallone dissing  occupywallstreet. expect cut scholarship fund?   sep17nypd plans extra police patrols nyc subway crime rate underground spikes ashley fleming pete donoh...rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.“anyone heard  yahoo  email  occupywallstreet controversy?  jewish  (cont)rtif girl play peter pan  ve played little indian boy life pi.rapper petey pablo serve federal prison stolen gun chargevideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please
rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtthe candles arrived   re lighting park  join vigil   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcandles    ourwallstreetrtpix  pix  rtcandles    ourwallstreetrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtoccupywallstreet send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcandles    ourwallstreetrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtpix  pix  rtcandles    ourwallstreetrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtthe candles arrived   re lighting park  join vigil   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe candles arrived   re lighting park  join vigil   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet security team lined park perimeter candlesrttheyve lit lots votive candles  occupywallstreetrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiers1. buy hairspray  2. spay lit candles police approach  3. ????  4. profit.rtcan send candles tonight? lot them. ;)  needsoftheoccupiersrtcandles    ourwallstreet
saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...rti didnt care  occupywallstreet  nypd captain deputy inspector anthony bologna pepper sprayed deaf woman blank :^(i propose demand resignation deputy inspector anthony bologna nypd patrol borough manhattan south.i propose demand resignation deputy inspector anthony bologna nypd patrol borough manhattan south  occupywallstreet  sept17rtdeputy inspector bologna  nypd trying incite riot attacking peaceful protestersoccupywallst  p2  badcopnypd  deputy inspector anthony bologna  charge harrasment  abuse power  police brutality.news saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy re...   newsrtdesignated official contact nypd  | deputy commissioner  public information police plaza  rm 1320 york  n.y. 10038 attn dcpideputy inspector bologna  nypd trying incite riot attacking peaceful protestersoccupywallst  p2  badcoprtdesignated official contact nypd  | deputy commissioner  public information police plaza  rm 1320 york  n.y. 10038 attn dcpisaleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...here deputy inspector anthony bologna  giving nypd bad name 2004  viany times saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy rema...good officer doing macing deputy inspector anthony v. bologna.rti propose demand resignation deputy inspector anthony bologna nypd patrol borough manhattan south  occupywallstreet  sept17saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...rtfire nypd deputy inspector anthony bolognaa message  nypd deputy inspector bologna (et al)    occupywallstreet  usdorrtsaleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...rtfire nypd deputy inspector anthony bologna
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told towhen told corporations people  people look  occupywallstreet  usdor  owsrtoccupywallst brave   re doing spread news story toldnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreeti am proud military bravely told  occupiers  wallstreet defiantly wont   occupywallstreetim told stop tweeting  occupywallstreet im "stirring pot" tell world exactly meanrttold pessimistic friend  "if dont  don history"rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told torti feel sorry officers...... doing told  occupywallstreetrtthe fed reserve police told tents. wrong law.  occupychi  occupywallstjessy dixon  gospel singer songwriter  dies 73 mr. dixon told associated press 1997 ...woo hoo   rtvcitory  rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  owsrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortoccupywallstreet rt50+ arrested caravan  netted&maced standing sidewalk [as told]thats bolsheviks told mensheviks  great.have plan them.rtare journalist friends live york media told talk  occupywallstreet   occupywallst ???rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told to
rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylawill  plavix; roll butter too. log paw wave  ya  wlfgreat photos & re cause  too.   : ).andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupyla  owshitlers following too.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplaza  antiwar  owsrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylaa random lady isyou blowing feed hate...is twitter sending too...rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylainteresting  surfer   followschatzle adviser fortoo....“frightening.  mainstream coverage  occupywallstreet” mainstream media bed wall st. twitter too. $ rulesrthey  nypd  hitler following too.  justsayin  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetandpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartnot read rights too.  happening time there. rtarrested person consen… (cont)rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylaa random lady isyou blowing feed hate...is twitter sending too...rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartoccupymichigan facebook too.  occupylansing  occupydetroit  occupywallst   occupyfacebook donate fb page
rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtdon worry gop haters. mad b/c teaparty attract 5 people time anymore.  occupywallstreet  p2rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?occupywallstreet success b/c helped discover. quality videort activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viaimo  msm ignoring  occupywallstreet b/c anarchistic  tearing social order.  teabaggers threatening msm fiefdom.rt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viacouldn reply message b/c re following me. yeah  wait  hopefully llrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viaoccupywallstreet b/c  corporations people  friend.  govt people corporations.  corporatepersonhood &  alec influence.rt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viajust b/c don care doesn happening irrelevant.  refuse livestream… (cont)
lsu football tops west virginia 41 27  capping tough overall week east ...diana nyad stops short record setting attempt diana nyad journey cuba florida repea..."artsbeat blog ‘the lion king’ tops box officeproving writing  rithmatic essential. rtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census nyti.ms/nn9x1qrt9/26/11 michael moorestops  occupywallstreetrtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusview media area. laptops power cords aplenty.  usdor  occupywallstreet vreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censuswhat tool. limousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport italyreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census reading  struggling city 88 000  country’s lar...my hometown. sad. reason  occupywallstreetreading  pa.  tops list poverty listlsu football tops west virginia 41 27  capping tough overall week east ... west virginia east...rtdonation ups battery charge laptops  libertyplaza  occupywallstreet  ows  needsoftheoccupiers pls rtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census reading  struggling city 88 000  country’s lar...rtrtsome phone service available subway stops   newyorkcitylimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italylimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italyrtquestioner idea runaway convention stops reps matter.   conconcon  usdorrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italythought read this. | reading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censushahahaha  rtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests   en route italy
rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiers“city cellphone service begins underground 4 subway stationsfinally  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsrtcall local tv stations  tell management call networks demand coverage  occupywallstreet     reclaimyourtvpraise  news nyers  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations"wi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations  goodrtthis manifestation pure truth love.  force world stop us.  occupywallstreetits  bout time rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtis interviewing peaceful protesters @ occupywallstreet stations watchrtrtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsis water main break bad affect stations past tonight?rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtthis manifestation pure truth love.  force world stop us.  occupywallstreetrtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsmanhattan parking meters replaced paystations; poles remade bike racksrtcan hear now? cellphone service available nyc subway stations mobile & at&t customersrtgood police corruption  occupywallstreet caught camera.  nwo  pigsrtthis manifestation pure truth love.  force world stop us.  occupywallstreetrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiers

we flag liberty square & liberated zones   occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  takebackamerica  usdor  october2011  antibanksvideos  america  takebackamerica  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreetrtwethepeople  occupyaustin  occupyphilly  occupyportland   occupymn  occupyseattle  occupysf  occupywallstreet  usdor    occupytogetherrtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment... occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdor  occupyseattle  p2  tcotrtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment... occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdor  occupyseattle  p2  tcotwe ve people politics  corporations out.  occupywallst  occupyeugene  occupyportland  occupyseattlertwe ve people politics  corporations out.  occupywallst  occupyeugene  occupyportland  occupyseattlertoccupyseattle 10 arrests protest corporate tax breaks    occupywallstreetrtme = 24 hours internet access.   seattle = occupied. power people = priceless.   occupyseattle   occupywallstreetiwant letto  occupyseattle growing   solidarity  occupywallstreet (esp. rain )rtwethepeople  occupyaustin  occupyphilly   occupyportland  occupymn  occupyseattle   occupywallstreet  occupytogetherwhen closing acct  am 99%   defundthebanks  joinacreditunion  occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  occupylartyes   united pilots picketing wall st. uniform.   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupyla  occupyseattle  p2  1urtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment... occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdor  occupyseattlertwethepeople  occupyaustin  occupyphilly  occupyportland   occupymn  occupyseattle  occupysf  occupywallstreet  usdor    occupytogetherrtyes   united pilots picketing wall st. uniform.   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupyla  occupyseattle  p2  1urtoccupyseattle  sept17  pictures   ourwallstreet  occupytogetherrtwethepeople  occupyaustin  occupyphilly   occupyportland  occupymn  occupyseattle   occupywallstreet  occupytogetherjust added  occupyseattle weather fantastic   occupywallstreetrtoccupyseattle 10 arrests protest corporate tax breaks    occupywallstreetrtunited pilots protest wall st. uniform.  occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupyla  occupyseattle  union
rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet   opinion   al jazeera english  viajournalism  news  p2aljazeera coverage  usdor &  occupywallstreet mainstream media?[corporate censorship]   takebackamericartarrests york anti wall street protest  al jazeera english  << al jazeera scoops blame stream media  occupywallstrtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet ii media aljazeera   ows  usdorcobertura da al jazeera de  occupywallstreet continua com 2 artigos    viartal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtworld media summit beijing concluded hosted xinhua. looked "on job safety reporters." ap  nytimes  al jazeera reps.rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdoral jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdoral jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtbasicallysays major media executives  nytimes  ap  al jazeera "duped"rtrtal jazeera coverage  occupywallstreet continuesrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdor
im told stop tweeting  occupywallstreet im "stirring pot" tell world exactly meanrtnypd officers pepper spraying peaceful protesters so.interesting.that exactly nazis auchwitzrti don exactly  occupywallstreet protest nycga telethon raise money socialist party  occupywallstrtnypd officers pepper spraying peaceful protesters so.interesting.that exactly nazis auchwitz200 nypd. 0 emt. exactly priorities are.  policestate  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtconconcon lotta exactly incivility trying avoidpeople told websites unclear exactly protested  fix this?not exactly original thought... barbaric  troydavis  toomuchdoubtagreed  security fb; exactly areexactly   occupywallstreet protesters  front  don police pin spot.  usdor  nyccan nypd shoot plane? kinda  sorta  exactly.rt200 nypd. 0 emt. exactly priorities are.  policestate  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetexactly imperial domination jesus fought againstoccupywallstreetexactly lol rtsmh ..rttwo rookie cops $667k coke bustexactly nemesisexactly catalyst peaceful?  occupywallstreet  usdor  revolution  oct6rti don exactly  occupywallstreet protest nycga telethon raise money socialist party  occupywallsti haven exactly  patrol def question  mol   wlfexactly. holocaust name calling. doing muslims nazis jews  edland  edl exactly?  tcot  tlot  edl  israel  teapartyexactly.  wlf bigger meanies.
rtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersoops    minka kelly slapped  charlie angels  set; abc fires crew sexual harassmentvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleaseand ain yankee hot dog rtnypd anti aircraft capabilityrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nighters liberato closed  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersoh run set dvr   sarcasm rthello  angels   charliesangels tonight 8 p.m.  channel7rtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupierscall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupierslol  livestream crew  occupiescharlies w/2000 ppl call cc phone?  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtcharlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersany chance  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupierscharlie sheen praises ashton kutcher debut  halfrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiers
wall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform   occupywallstreetrtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2“occupywallstreet   " mechanism reform  civil disobedience" chris hedges.”rtjournalist author chris hedges  speaking  occupywallstreet "the method left reform civil disobedience."  owson tues.  thru police lines people leading  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet s/oif society education support     edreformrtunincorporated people america  time rise  campaignfinancereform  ourwallstreet  ows  p2  usdor  tfyglobal education reform  student deserves excellent education  tfa   global  teachforall  educationreformrti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.i don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.derechoadecidir¿la casa blanca  amlo está muy fuerte para  la presidencia  es cierto?  amlosounds corrupt  sets doctors  pay   healthcare  reformrtourwallstreet  campaignfinancereform greedy politicians politics  p2rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtchris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."rtclick hashtag  bro  rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.is "arab spring" finally coming america??   occupywallstreet  russia  china  anonymous  syria  reform  winechris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."you rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2
as scorn vote grows  protests surge globertmexico ban shark fishing global sanctuary movement grows    sharks  conservation  sanctuarybe careful  abc7tv nypd notices vacate park "private land". guys inspiring  hope grows changertre reply towhy cover  occupywallstreet grows? merit professional journalism is?as scorn vote grows  protests surge globeas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe  > world  wide contempt political procesmexico ban shark fishing global sanctuary movement grows    sharks  conservation  sanctuaryas scorn vote grows  protests surge globe  viain response police macing attendance grows  occupywallstreet  viartas scorn vote grows  protests surge globertrtn.y.c. ticket fixing inquiry grows scandal police leaksrtn.y.c. ticket fixing inquiry grows scandal police leaksrtn.y.c. ticket fixing inquiry grows scandal police leaksas scorn vote grows  protests surge globertoccupywallstreet grows global wall street resistance   wiunion   ourwallstreet  cdnpolin.y.c. ticket fixing inquiry grows scandal police leaksfear grows nassau alleged malfunctioning red light cameras carle  n.y. (cbsnewyork) — red light c...congratulations  day 10  day momentum grows stronger. thousands you.a mushroom grows brooklyn (via)gr8t people  rtbronx teen grows  food mini farm school   moms  organicimpasse grows senate house spending
nypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtthe footage  occupywallst awful  to_shadow  wearethe99percentrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetnyt "not smart cities:"  pegasus holdings build medium size town nm desert populated entirely robots.rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersrttea partiers funded billionaires interrupt "town halls"? media wall wall coverage. grassroots protest  occupywallstreet? silencertthank   chitownstandup rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters   ny1rtjust left  occupywallst   healthy peaceful crowd hundreds  sign dying  towners  heavy police presencertrtrights clash town clerk rejects role gay marriages   tcot  gaymarriage  ssmrtbritney spears slammed london town  rudeness  filming music video wake riotsmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. / yep  town fools newsworthygood luck  rton 1st  generalassembly 4   occupybeantownwish luck     theother99cuts layoffs   jobs     housing slump forces cuts town company  viawhen nadia nazmin safe completed queens townhall / moved out.  homeless  occupywallst lolrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesterscould dr. oz related? rt12 arrested sales illegal pesticides chinatown
rtwethepeople stand  banksters  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tlot  tcot  tpot  ronpaul  occupythefed  endthefedtpot herman cain morgan freeman  tea party racist  |wethepeople stand  banksters  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tlot  tcot  tpot  ronpaul  occupythefed  endthefedrtwethepeople stand  banksters  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tlot  tcot  tpot  ronpaul  occupythefed  endthefedrtwethepeople stand  banksters  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tlot  tcot  tpot  ronpaul  occupythefed  endthefedrtme   rti notice tweets occupywallst disappeared timeline. censorship.  p2  p21  topprog  tpot  tcotrtme   rti notice tweets occupywallst disappeared timeline. censorship.  p2  p21  topprog  tpot  tcotrttpot herman cain morgan freeman  tea party racist  |learn truth...educate yourselves  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  globalrevolution  sept17  tpotrttampering electoral college   p2  p21  topprog  tpot  tcotrta renewed adherence liberty save nation  ronpaul  tcot  tlot  tpot  p2  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythefed  otfrtnew  citizenradio cop pepper sprays protesters  chris hedges  occupywallstreet   bologna  takewallstreet  p2  tpotrtnew  citizenradio cop pepper sprays protesters  chris hedges  occupywallstreet   bologna  takewallstreet  p2  tpotrtnew  citizenradio cop pepper sprays protesters  chris hedges  occupywallstreet   bologna  takewallstreet  p2  tpotrtnew report atthousands flood streets oakland  nyc   tpotrtnew  citizenradio cop pepper sprays protesters  chris hedges  occupywallstreet   bologna  takewallstreet  p2  tpotrtnew  citizenradio cop pepper sprays protesters  chris hedges  occupywallstreet   bologna  takewallstreet  p2  tpotrtnew  citizenradio cop pepper sprays protesters  chris hedges  occupywallstreet   bologna  takewallstreet  p2  tpotrtnew  citizenradio cop pepper sprays protesters  chris hedges  occupywallstreet   bologna  takewallstreet  p2  tpotrtnew report atthousands flood streets oakland  nyc   tpotrtnew  citizenradio cop pepper sprays protesters  chris hedges  occupywallstreet   bologna  takewallstreet  p2  tpot
i in.   (  troydavis  toomuchdoubt  wlf“rt++++what resist  troydavis execution final hours++++   toomuchdoubt”thank uk  america appalled  well.  troydavis  toomuchdoubtrtspecially  toomuchdoubt...  troydavis   wlfrtvigil  troydavis outside embassy london.  toomuchdoubt yfrog.com/h7cqluafj  wlfno capital punishment civilised societies   troydavis  toomuchdoubt  wlfnot exactly original thought... barbaric  troydavis  toomuchdoubtrtpawcircle  troydavis  toomuchdoubt  wlfyespawcircle  troydavis  toomuchdoubt  wlfoooh  sad. barbaric   troydavis  toomuchdoubt  wlfrt takes email parole board   troydavis  toomuchdoubtrttroydavis covered  ajstream –view story fb page post comments   toomuchdoubtrtwe  troydavis  12 hours stop execution    toomuchdoubtrtjuror “if   troy davis death row.”   toomuchdoubtrtless 12 hours  troydavis  due executed despite  toomuchdoubt. please email parole boardrtwhat resist  troydavis execution final hours   toomuchdoubttroydavis?  toomuchdoubtrttroydavis name  toomuchdoubtrtyup. try governor  nathan deal   00 1 404 656 1776  troydavis  toomuchdoubtrttroydavis. ve candlelit vigil embassy   toomuchdoubtrttroy davis execution incites twitter outrage  protests black community   toomuchdoubt
rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   nee… (cont)rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   nee… (cont)rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody  business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetseriously? rtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumesrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtanybody business suits unload? arts + culture costumes   needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet
are paying attention?  occupywallst pretty fucking big. wake please. world moving....... you?rtcamera "document  nypd misconduct  occupywallstreet protesters  cops losing jobs& paying claims  cc"rtoccupy wall street – you’re outraged  you’re paying attention   >  <    occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street – you’re outraged  you’re paying attention   >  <    occupywallstreetif haven paying attention protests unfolding dc week (and continuing...rtny atty eric schneiderman "the markets didn crash paying teachers."  occupywallst  economy  secfaildocument  nypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters  cops losing jobs nyc paying claims  ccdear  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  takewallstreet &  ourwallstreet .. stay strong .. lot paying attention.rtour month unlimited salsa lessons deal paying $1/day. steal.rtdear  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  takewallstreet &  ourwallstreet .. stay strong .. lot paying attention.rtif aren paying attention  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla  be.rtrtny ag eric schneiderman "the markets didn crash paying teachers."  occupywallst  p2  tcotrtny atty eric schneiderman "the markets didn crash paying teachers."  occupywallst  economy  secfailare paying attention happening union square? don waste time.been fan photography minute. dope people paying attention.  occupywallstcrisis caused people paying enough.it caused people stealing much.  occupywallstreetrtrtny ag eric schneiderman "the markets didn crash paying teachers."  occupywallst  p2  tcotrtphoto "if outraged  paying attention."  occupysf  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  sept17  s17rtno jobs  trouble paying mortgage   banks wont refinance  foreclosures w/o paperwork  2 wars unpaid 4  system broken  occupywallstreetif privacy real aren paying attention.  occupywallstreet  ows  thoughtpolice  occupy  usdorif angry paying attention  occupywallstreet
rtfoo fighters concertrtmonday announcement <>. rtjay headline concert barclays centerrtjay headline concert barclays centernews concerts cool  picture   illinirtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012"so cliche" rtjay christen  brooklyn nets  arena concerts   newyorkcityrtfree concert w/a cause>9.26.11benefiting hiv awareness withrtrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012barclays team  winning  rtjay headline concert barclays centerbarclaysssss.. love job     winning   rtrapper jay confirms barclays concertsiheartradio festival jay  coldplay  alicia keys  jane addiction kick ... concertgoers waved their...jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012u rightrtjay christen  brooklyn nets  arena concertsrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rti  rtjay headline concert barclays center  [me too]rtfree concert w/a cause>9.26.11benefiting hiv awareness withrtrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012can tix this? jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012can tix 2 this?jay plans eightconcert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012
make fall harvest cooking greens  stew eat weekis junk food cheaper?  cooking job & fast food holiday;  rich people don cook & neither."no nonsense cooking eating...must popular again." read byis junk food cheaper?a shout cooking matters mark bittman  lay personal choice argument and..."...not mcdonald’s serve food people cooking joy burdenshout tofor getting mention mark bittman column yesterday | junk food cheaper?mark bittman thetoday raises questions  fastfood &  healthyeating. cooking joyful; work.rtcouldn agree wthat "get people cooking joy burden."  piecei love "cooking home" dannyhe makes cooking simple cook. mix favorite flavors favorite foods ; )cooking healthy food home cheaper eating junk foodrtfall cooking greensrtcouldn agree wthat "get people cooking joy burden."  pieceexcellent pc importance cooking       frombittman takes people continue eat fast food instead cooking healthy  inexpensive mealsyou totally stole idea todays. ok  totally agree  junk food cheaper cookingspecial day cooking alt. econ. model restaurant time/food walking w/2  occupywallst   meet mon @ 12pm+1 rtreally tremendouspiece nyt junk food  cooking choices.on what’s stopping eating healthfully cooking real challenge  “i’m busy cook.”red pepper mayo deep fried oysters  southern sunday cooking ~is junk food cheaper? asks. & math proves it. real people equate cooking w/ work.rtgreat piece byjunk food isn cheaper. dispel myth cooking "work"—kids fun.
bikes art ride picasso? rtfor bike collectors  rush hanging wall   bikenycrtall  bikenyc invited ride late night/morning  libertysquare provide security  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtgreat article importance bike lanes city safer cyclists pedestrians  bikenyc  biketoworkhow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycnever aliveoccuppywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenyc freedom?we front page theoccuppywallstreet  nyc   criticalmass  bikenycmore lanes pls  rtbike lanes save lives calmer traffic yorkers   bikenycrtrtbike lanes save lives calmer traffic yorkers   bikenycmore lanes pls  rtbike lanes save lives calmer traffic yorkers   bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtgreat article importance bike lanes city safer cyclists pedestrians  bikenyc  biketoworkrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtstudy surprisingly nyc pedestrians seriously injured cyclists.   bikenyc
letter editor response “gunning wall street  faulty aim”  ourwallstreetprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aim   nytimes.comprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aimprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aimunfair  snobby rtprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aim   occupywallstreet  occupywallstnytimes gunning wall street  faulty aim  hippies  fuckinup  morphing vanity campaign. press sucksprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aim  viaprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aim  <<<protesters little system  occupywallstreetrtbig city protesters gunning wall street  faulty aimprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aimnytimes gunning wall street  faulty aimrta response the"the nyts reports occupy wall street faulty aim"   usdor  occupywallstreetrta response the"the nyts reports occupy wall street faulty aim"   usdor  occupywallstreetnytimes gunning wall street  faulty aim"gunning wall street faulty aim" factually flawed  opine belonged letters pageprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aimwall street protests w/faulty aim (especially paragraph)    ccprotesters gunning  wallstreet  faulty aim  piece contradictions movement.protesters gunning wall street  faulty aim   nytimes.combig city protesters gunning wall street  faulty aimrtnytimes gunning wall street  faulty aim
rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtlots women released  snacking sandwiches  cookies  cheese & fruit plates courtesy nyc iww  occupywallstreetrtlive coverage: occupywallstreet  80 arrested released returning liberation square   ourwallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtpeople arrested earlier released  returning  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  recall bloombergrtcops yesterday released summons. wasnt catch & release   takewallstreet  owsrtreally? mtrecently released protester confirms  nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.  usdor  usrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17update ppl arrested released safe   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cabincr3w  anonymousrtcall  mayorbloomberg  demand release media team marissa  flood office. 212.617.8000  occupywallstreetrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning detained  occupywallstreet protesters.rtcops yesterday released summons. wasnt catch & release   takewallstreet  owsrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtupdate ppl arrested released safe   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cabincr3w  anonymousrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtmtrtrecently released protester confirms nypd retina scanning deta… (cont)rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreet.whoever  hbgary emails  original release site kicking   usdorrt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17

opshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  blackboc  blackbagged. winrtffrtopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  bla...rtinternal nypd rift aggressive tactics peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters?       opesr  usdor  a99wall street donated $41 million supercommittee   oppulse  giabo  ourwallstreet  ows  a99  opesrgit eeet   opesr  ourwallstreet  endthefed >>  occupythefed via  a99shields  blackflagmilitia  anonymousto catch predator  occupywallstreet trend  twittercensorship  opesr  a99  usdor  occupychicago  endthefed  reclaimyourtv sister wivesstock market  738  occupywallstreet    winning     fade black  opesr beautiful  usdor  endthefed  a99occupywallstreet chicago now. call lawyers police forcing out.opesr  a99  usdor  endthefed  anontv reporter slams nyc police brutality  occupywallstreet (video)    opesr  a99  usdor supportthetroops @  libertyparkthe future direction  occupywallstreet voted weekend     a99  opesr  usdor  generalassembly  ows  iwantrtlooking network  nola  occupynola event?   occupywallstreet  ows  a99  usdorrtcheck video    ampedstatus economic crisis = usa riots  via  giabo  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtcheck video    wall street economic death squad    via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtthe theft history   wall street economic death squad   ii  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtthe road revolution 99% uprising (recut maxkeiser.com version)  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtdear america  taxes 20%  food gas prices skyr...  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrta99 operation empire rebellion   communication  1  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetthank youfollowa99  usdoroccupywallstreet  cdnpolirtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys. /  a99shields /  blackflagmilitiartcheck video    ampedstatus economic crisis = usa riots  via  giabo  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtcheck video    wall street economic death squad    via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreet
rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.nypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.they didn recruit  anonymous. themselves. injustice..well  do.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.nypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.an anarchist tumblr lists info cop relatives  cites targets.  anarchism bad name. revenge ain  justice.  occupywallstrtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.let escalate  occupywallstreet nationwide peaceful demand economic justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtthis isnt politics. truth. justice. quality life.its humanity  occupywallstreet  owsnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.this isnt politics. truth. justice. quality life.its humanity  occupywallstreet  owsretweet justice.shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertlet escalate  occupywallstreet nationwide peaceful demand economic justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.
rtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtone speaker    stepan demirjyan. veri laconic hard understanding :)))   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rallyrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong..reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrti am trying send ??? xxx :))) ? tweetsrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrti am trying send ??? xxx :))) ? tweetsdemirchyan voice similar raven voice:))))  23sep  yerevan  libertysquare  oppositionred lamps near levon terrible:)))  23sep  yerevan  libertysquare  opposition
rtwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.rt.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrtrtopen eyes  world. don peaceful protestors shut  rt7 cop cars waiting 4 us.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrtopen eyes  world. don peaceful protestors shut  rt7 cop cars waiting 4 us?"this powerful. this. thank involved world."~post  vibeapp  ourwallstreetthey establish fear world.  . day  week  occupywallstreetrtwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.in world.....we used......by politics.......of lies.  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupierscruel world...teens continue taunt gay 16 suicide  chanting  re glad re deadpls support  occupywallstreet & thier 1st amendement rights city world. pls thatrt.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdoryay  im bringing laptop  friends allover world..need informed"analysts" changed world. means pontificate act. knowledg… (cont)"...across us..." world.  watching happens nyc  occupywallstreet  whynowoccupydc  occupywallstreet  occupychi  occupydallas  etc.    usdor. time  occupytheworld.  globalrevolutionrtrtexamines obama world donors sunday nyt. world.rtwallstreet shitty day today. welcome real world.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17rtif millions identify target handful specific  powerful greedy  fairer world.  occupywallstreetrtrtopen eyes  world. don peaceful protestors shut  rt7 cop cars waiting 4 usget world outraged  nypd arrests. arrest vids/footage world.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  nyc
rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viaactivist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. via
rt.in 2010 goldman sachs bankers received $15.3 billion bonuses  feed hungry person planet.  occupywallstreetrtanonymous occupy planet (  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupyyourcitycapitalism save planet; cpgb ml debate oxford unionanonymous occupy planet   opoccupyplanet  anonymous  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  usdorrtwe rent planet blinded greed.  occupyearth  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupysf  antisockffrti ve kinship nypd. ve police force planet join.reclaim  yourself; freedom planet inhabitants  provide nothing.rtwe rent planet blinded greed.  occupyearth  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupysf  antisockffrtanonymous occupy planet   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupytogetherrtoccupywallstreet  sept17unitedasone  1planet1voicetakewallstreetwhether sorwe acting solidarity  4  ourfuturertanonymous occupy planet   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupytogetherrthelp  occupywallstreet organizing live   the99percent nearly planet    ourwallstreetoccupy planet   p2  occupywallst  anonymousanonymous occupy planet (  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupyyourcityrtanonymous occupy planet   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupytogetheranonymous occupy planet   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupytogetherrtanon   occupytheplanet "this 99%"  occupywallstrtwe global revolution greedy 1% destroying planet.    occupywallstreet  occupyearthrtanonymous occupy planet   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupytogetheroccupywallstreet nets & cops dragging people remind planet apes. thank there.
nypd anti terrorism squad equipped planesrtrtchanging planes & ny. meet aft. liberty. //  iwilloccupynypd able shoot planes (the sydney morning herald ) share friends  |  | world news   top stories news  rss rss fee...sept. 28  1924. sept. 28  1924  united army air service planes completed ci...nypd equipped planes ten sept. 11 attacks world trade center  police commi...nypd equipped planesbut "60 minutes (of propaganda)" tells nypd keeping safe hasn shot planes yet.rtnypd capability   planes  commissioner byc mon. really? “nypd capability   planes  commissioner by_______  rtsmh rtnypd equipped planesnypd shoot planesrtnypd equipped planesstay hell nyc airspace re black pilot   rtnypd equipped planesnypd equipped planes ten sept. 11 attacks world trade center  police commi...nypd shoot planes  weapon? | vision america  viapolice planes?comment @ post abt nypd aviation & terror planes "best defense airborne terrorism? barrel pig fat plane.  nuff said."glad brought up. am concerned nypd ability shoot planes???does nypd legal authority planes?  vianypd planes  police commissioner saysnypd shoot dn planes permission(under waterfalls) care protest?  occupywallstreet
bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  (cont)rtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.dudes crazy rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled (cont)rtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardslmaoooooooo rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 ...lmfaoooo    rtgone rtjah audi now?  rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. (cont)damn “bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled (cont)rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardslol rtjah audi now?  rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.smh rtbk5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regards.rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend.perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regards.“brooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  < fucking simp...swag rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. ...lmaoooooooo rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.nah  rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.crazy shit rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.tears rtjah audi now? rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi
bbc teletext (tv text news) finally acknowledges  occupywallstreet.rtmaking noise twitter style using  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet addstorm mediabbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   antibanks  takebackamerica  usdor  owsbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorrt "arrests wall street protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrip doritos rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips>>> occupywallstreet <<<<<< time.      opwallstreet  cnn  bbc  cbs  abcunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    cnn  bbc  hrw  news  bah  gccrt  takewallstreet  breakingnewsanonymous  occupywallstreet  occupyatlanta 100 arrestedrtnypd cop outed pepper spraying women   media black out??rtnews u.s.  health insurers seek premiumsrtnypdbrutality protesters bbc news   anti wall street protesters arrested york   occupywallstreetrtbbc speechless trader tells truth "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"      takewallstreetrtmaggies farm   rage machine   takewallstreet  usdorrtrt free iran’s freedom fighters slander mek promise   iran  nyt   bbc  cnn  abcpawpawty uk anipals  week protest wall street blacked media  bbc there.  occupywallstreetrtthe abraham lincoln lifelong struggle depression   ny times articlertny daily news report favorable protesters.     cnn  nyt  bbc  wapo  cbsrtrt free iran’s freedom fighters slander mek promise   iran  nyt   bbc  cnn  abcrtrt "arrests wall street protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtif  occupywallstreet protest country government disliked&would it...
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesyou flash mob lobby bank america building“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreet"eat bankers" occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquartwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdor1staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallstrtwtf nypd ? nypd cites 166 law banning wearing masks masquerade party (lol  halloween? )  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreettax payer bailout banks "too fail" 99% austerity  bankster criminal arrests  reason  occupywallstreetrt“if picture future imagine boot stamping human ever.”  george orwell  1984   occupywallstreet  bannedbooksis  oppaparazzi underway? don armed guardians banksters (  nypd)  bully w/o video evidence it.  occupywallstreetrtwsj "bankers  protesters  ones arrested  occupywallstreet" vi am surprised inwsj  "bankers  protesters  ones arrested on"rtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibankswp| 80 arrested  occupywallstreet protest bank bailouts      ourwallstreet takewallstreet usdor egypt tahrir nj nyin china throw bankers prisonsfinallymade chicago news  time bank bail outs economic injustice main stream news
rtif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet1staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallstopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  blackboc  blackbagged. winrtneedsoftheoccupiers space close  libertyplaza store rains. bag check system suave.rtit shame re nyc cops garbage removal.. tight budget..  usdor  usdayofrage  occupywallstreetrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiersrtmaalox liquid? freezer bags?? ziplocks work. (hospital)rtnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetrtfdny passed liberty plaza honking horns fists air  solidarity   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetmilitary? intel us. :lrtdespite abuse nypd... remain peaceful. donut   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtafter 10 days  teabaggers pouting abt  occupywallstreet hippies protestin failed system theyve whined abt 4 yearsrtnoticed nice now? fucked union square.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetimo  msm ignoring  occupywallstreet b/c anarchistic  tearing social order.  teabaggers threatening msm fiefdom.rtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtbe self sufficient possible. eases burdens whole.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet*stretches* *yawns* rtcommunist tunnocks teacakes? bagpuss those? w...
in arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careeramazon labor practices "fraying american decency"  rtbusiness  jobs  careerrt13% & students ready college careers unacceptable time  fixschoolsnyc.rtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerin arizona accent hinder teacher’s career  serious? 4get arizona belonged mexico?rtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careeran accent hinder teacher’s career“yankees  rivera sets record 602nd career saverta nytimes piece dripping descriptive condescension presumption wealthy careerin  arizona  complaints  accent hinder  teacher’s careerthe sandman rtjust york yankees pitcher mariano rivera record breaking 602nd career save.rtthe sandman rtnew york yankees pitcher mariano rivera record breaking 602nd career save.jackets rtjust york yankees pitcher mariano rivera record breaking 602nd career save.cubs coleman breaks hit bid triple casey coleman paid price hitting career triple.in race bottom  arizona takes lead. arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerif teach english school  speak fluently. complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtarizona "accent police" accent hinder teacher career   latism  education
rtunfortunately nypd holding bad ones.rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtlookie bad piggy >>  fuckyounypd <<for  oppulsein europe  outrage u.s. execution troy davis  “...a stain justice system us” ~ mr. badinternyt slide "road food  bad food:"  american road food highway plastic sameness.rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetright nowis 10 bad karma period 2010q3  touches rotten  similar  dskrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)occupywallstreet guide   iwilloccupy  sep17rtlawrence donnell  nypd brutality  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet "troublemakers wearing badges."rt.nypd badge 7432 legal charges pressed.   occupywallstreet  don buried.rtare children teaching kids bad words?“yemeni regime forces shoot protesters  wound 18.  people  takewallstreet bad.ur website down? "502 bad gateway"rt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt"someone bad condition here"   manukyan. cals doctor left scene.   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rallyrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtif act badly  bad. feel anger 60 s. pigs back?  american answers.rtwhen march  thank nypd marching us. bad seeds picked out.
rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustyep  oct15  occupybaystreet babyrays re joyce  top yanks stay hunt matt joyce lifted tampa bay 5 3 win yankees tuesday nig...on oct 15  occupybayst.  canada corporations solidarity  occupywallston oct 15  occupybayst.  occupywallst  corporations screw & scotfree.smh rtbrooklyn  bay 8 st @ belt pkwy fdny scene dead body floating water ...rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtget   solidarity  occupytoronto  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupychicago  occupybaystreet  takethesquaregoing bayou ii canal wed  oct 5hmm rtoh rtbrooklyn  bay 8 st @ belt pkwy fdny scene dead body floating (cont)rtsend aid supplies folks fighting democracy  occupywallstreet click list suppliesoccupybayst october 15thmednews looking soldier  home damaged   physical emotional injuries suffered wh...wow smh rtbrooklyn  bay 8 st @ belt pkwy fdny scene dead body floating water (cont)rtwhy social media editors news orgs popular story twitter/facebook … (cont)rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustbk chill  rtbrooklyn  bay 8 st dead body floating water rocks. crime scene established.rtbrooklyn bay 8 st @ belt pkwy fdny scene w/ dead body floating water rocks. crime scene established
rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)sather playfully guarantees win cup worst kept secret hockey a...rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. frrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)nhl winter classic feature ny rangers & philadelphia flyers citizens ... worst kept secret hockey ...hot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell ...rtrtretweet  occupywallstreet kept trending twittersee ny times   reporter  china held 4 telling secrets  revealed civil servant kept sex  slaves     humanrightsrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthave kept ours credit union.  mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreetrtrtrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. frsuper bowl xlviii committee unveils logo  addresses skepticsrtdon forget seeat newcastle skeptics  thursday 7pm bridge hotel   welcomertthis labour party conference feels watching wee string quartet kept playing titanic down.  lpcrtnewcastle skeptics delighted havespeaking  thursday night  bridge hotel. everyon… (cont)
“video nypd pepper spray  force wall street occupiersrtrtexcessive force nypd sickening.  please stay safe stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherit doesn signature. author enforcer?  nobody9/24/2011 marisa holmes forcefully arrested  occupywallstreet   takebackamerica  nypd  antibanks  corporategreed09 21 2011 police forcefully grab   occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  mikebloomberg  libertyplazartnypd spokesman civil disobedience met arrests  & resist arrest expect forcertdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forcenyt "where abortion rights disappearing:"  anti abortion forces enacting laws & regs narrowing women choices.rtlawyers investigating escalating excessive force/coercion/brutality  nypd  occupywallstreet world watchingrtocuupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ouwallstreet arrest none you. force issue. goodbye fear.  nypdrtnew york police viavideos unnecessary force peaceful protestors. pay economy crashes?rtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtoccupywallstreet protestors mobile (with video seemingly  questionable force police)rtwe don police "political security forces" ones dictatorships  ows  ourwallstreetcuts layoffs   jobs     housing slump forces cuts town company  via“yemeni regime forces shoot protesters  wound 18.  people  takewallstreet bad.i live nyc. explanation police force protesters  occupywallstreet  usdorrtthis manifestation pure truth love.  force world stop us.  occupywallstreet
rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtourwallstreet  wiunion speaking rtall required evil succeed silence good.rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?helping newborns breathe  spanking required   york times   newbornsrtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?starting 2day double postage required & write "save post office" envelope mailmaddow  takewallstreetrtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtourwallstreet  wiunion speaking rtall required evil succeed silence good.rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?borneo tribe practices own hinduism citizen indonesia required subscribe ...rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rttoday freecoupon required  nyc locations incchildren museum mnrtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtif reprieve seven days  fresh execution warrant required.  troydaviscan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?can nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?  fuck policertcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?
michael moore live  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthrtmichael moore fat doesn occupy wall street  occupies streets   tcot  p2  occupywallstreet  usdorrtmichael moore pumps  occupywallstreet tax rich screamed.   ourwallstreetrtjust livestream 7:30 est michael moore spoke   rerun loop   ows  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  wiunionrt (michael moore)i am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.michael moore cnn talking capitalism  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows>>> michel moore <<< watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usadorfollow&for live info. read demand media coveragertmichael moore  occupywallstreet   >   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet rtnoam chomsky  michael moore susan sarandon se solidarizan con “occupy wall street”rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrtmichael moore cnn re capitalism  occupywallstreet   p2  ows  usdorrtmichael moore  occupywallstreet livestream   usdorrtmichael moore "occupy wall street" "uprising" spread   occupywallstreet  video  p2michael moore mentioned occupy wall st cnn.  hopeitspreadslikewildfire““michael moore pumps  occupywallstreet tax rich screamed.   ourwallstreet””rt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdor
rtpolice pen mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   p2  occupywallstreet‘occupy wall street’ protest spreads los angeles |  anonymous  owsrtpolice pen mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   p2  occupywallstreetrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’ | raw replay  viausdor strongrtmichael moore encourages expansion anti ’kleptomaniac’ ‘occupy wall street’ protests   ows  usdor  p2  connecttheleftrt‘occupy wall street’ protest spreads los angeles |  anonymous  owsrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’  rtoccupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’ | raw replay  viausdor strongrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’   occupywallstreetrtpolice pen mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   p2  occupywallstreetrt‘occupy wall street’ protest slowly spreads unitedrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’  rtoccupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtpolice pen mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   p2  occupywallstreetrt‘occupy wall street’ protest spreads los angeles |  anonymous  owsrt‘occupy wall street’ protest spreads los angeles | raw replay   sept17police arrest 80 ‘occupy wall street’ protestors | raw story   occupywallstreetrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’  rtoccupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’   occupywallstreetrt‘occupy wall street’ protest spreads los angeles | >ows  ourwallstreetrtpolice pen mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   p2  occupywallstreetrtpolice pen mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   occupywallstreet  wallstreet
rtfilm examines challenging economics facing teacherseconomic collapse  financial manipulation dollar crisis   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetit economic justice stupid  occupywallstreetit lack economic justice stupid   occupywallstreetcall  economicjustice common cause workers  tea party  progressives  libertarians  greens  occupywallstreetfinallymade chicago news  time bank bail outs economic injustice main stream newsrtbill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentrtpaul krugman idiot guide history macroeconomic science 1960srtcheck video    ampedstatus economic crisis = usa riots  via  giabo  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtcheck video    wall street economic death squad    via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtthe theft history   wall street economic death squad   ii  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetperson wntd connection wth robbry capitol bank  blame socioeconomic environment?blame socioeconomic environment?owsnewslooking ahead economic reports week week’s reports include home sales august  s.&....rtrtsusan sarandon  occupywallstreet "there lot people rightfully upset inequality economically"rtcheck video    ampedstatus economic crisis = usa riots  via  giabo  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtcheck video    wall street economic death squad    via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtthe theft history   wall street economic death squad   ii  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtobama’s jobs plan deserves hearing  christina d. romer economic viewrtrepublicans driving america economic crash  viaoccupywallstreet  connecttheleftrtsupply economics boondoggle created idle rich hoard wealth masses  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor
rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rtoccupywallstreet propane conversion kit honda eu200i generator. provide this?  usdorrtbrother word... protest  don stigmatized.  occupywallst coverage  sequel  madisonrtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.rtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersmn 8 av & 125 st. building collapse w/ victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ems req scene rush. 2 nypd rpt inj. /bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards stabing. fdny 2nd alarm fire location.rtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viartconsensus met designating shifts throughout night  getting vehicles sleep  occupychirtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & lose1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallstfuhgeddaboud  plea deal  17 cops indicted ticket fixing rocco parascandola  kevin deutsch and...rtphoto essay wall street—inside american occupation   occupywallstreetoccupy wall street | nyc protest american revolutionrtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtcannot  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla protests? help? spread news & watch live @
please updated. trying plan commute w/small children.rtoccupywallstreet ths us&the world pass on2our children.press button election day enough.rtoccupywallstreet ths us&the world pass on2our children.press button election day enough.rtyou don cause  win   stand children starve billionaires thrive  ourwallstreetheycould comment brutal arrests peaceful people  including children   occupywallstreet?rtare children teaching kids bad words?rtthe nypd searching 4 mother accused abducting 8 children  w/ 1st name.   fbsearch continues 8 missing children  parents | video | 7online.com nypd searching m...    ammelliartoccupywallstreet ths us&the world pass on2our children.press button election day enough..thank peacefully protesting behalf & & children & us.  busymomrtnypd officers world watching. importantly  children watching.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdorpharmacy fixes fixes micronutrient vitamin powders children babies swallow vitamin pi...ccc released edition keeping track nyc children 96th street reason (via)new census data 20.1% nyc residents live poverty 30% nyc children live poverty  viarteight children abducted mother located pennsylvania"rtoccupywallstreet hell on?" bunch children hard lazycops  police  news abducted foster children found pennsylvania  police sayfor york breaking ...mtnypd children proud daddy policemen using violence peaceful protestorsonly sperm teach. amazing rtare children teaching kids bad words?rtheycould comment brutal arrests peaceful people  including children   occupywallstreet?i learned cus words kids. yea rtare children teaching kids bad words?
rtfascinating look inside nypd counterterrorism unit cbs  60 minutesover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement  occupywallstreetrtexclusive 100 cops involved nypd ticket fixing probe « cbs york.((pats back)) day ll 3 rtmets fall cards  assured third straight losing season cbsloc.al/ow0jwnand nyc doorman is...rtcbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etrtthere actual  news happening  nyc pls cover  occupywallstreetnypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...li lawmaker  cruise  event east meadow  ny (cbsnewyork) — nassau county strugglin...>>> occupywallstreet <<<<<< time.      opwallstreet  cnn  bbc  cbs  abcrtnypd mad? ve  police violence lifted news blackout  occupywallstreeto.m.g. t.b. quotes true?? “tony bennett tells howard stern sirius xm ‘we caused 9/11?tht lame embarrassed 2b team rtwhat fakers  rams claim giants flopped slow offensertshame onfor covering  occupywallstandy rooney retiring  60 minutes  cbs news legend andy rooney stepping role weekly ...rtplz adopt cutie pie urgentoccupy wall street citizen journalists keeping honest   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  npr  cbs  reuterspepper spray cop dark nypd   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  npr  cbs  nbc96 grannies support liberty plaza   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  nbc  abcwabc eyewitness news up.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  nbc  npr  pbs
rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersnytimes google doodle honors jim henson friendly monstersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersfinally  kill  em friendly poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiers
media silent police abuse /brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet calls 4 arrest / imprisoment serial abuser  nypd pig bologna  takewallstreet  libertysquarerthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreethelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetrtliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallst viarttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarertrtoccupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   occupywallstreetif origami fails... bet toilets busy ... :)rtsunsalutesrtrapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abuses...you re  takewallstreet crowd service gluttons bust  union & pension.rtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupierseloquent provoking post concerning revolution   divorcegovtfrombigbusiness  occupywallstrtexclusive 100 cops involved nypd ticket fixing probe « cbs yorkconstruction 2nd ave. subway digs grave local businesestook 2/3 line 96 bklyn. 5 train w/lots delays. exited atlantic bus. wmusic review keaton’s ‘sherlock  jr.’ stephen prutsman score   review screening buster keaton’s 192...rthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetflood nypd w/ calls em busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  libertyplaza  antiwar  antibanksrttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarertarrested girl account  occupywallstreet abuse  nypd
rtdamp day  ourwallstreet. protestors survived worse coming stronger & larger numbers.rtoccupywallstreet orange nets  fun play little game tug  war nypd  strongerrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtrtabusing makes stronger.     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   takewallstreetthose juvenile kid ops strongerrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet stronger.the  nypd pathetic. heydont thug cops  occupywallstreet stronger bigger  2rtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtrthey nypd 1968 anymore.  camera.  brutality stronger.   occupywallstreetrtrtabusing makes stronger.     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet stronger     nypd pepper sprayer identified   anonymous  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet orange nets  fun play little game tug  war nypd  strongerrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrthey  nypd  forgotten makes stronger screw multiply    p2  occupywallstreet  usdor"but stronger "    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  resist  917rtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtrtrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrt.the  nypd pathetic. heydont thug cops  occupywallstreet stronger bigger  2
rtrtoccupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   occupywallstreetmail| police arrest  50   occupywallstreet protests amid claims aggressive tactics    ourwallstreet usdor egypt nyrtnypd morphing military nypd claims passenger plane event terro...read ny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilread ny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilrt"mace face" officer named 2004 protest abuse claim   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2rtcamera "document  nypd misconduct  occupywallstreet protesters  cops losing jobs& paying claims  cc"tht lame embarrassed 2b team rtwhat fakers  rams claim giants flopped slow offensertcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rt"wall st vampires"/  occupywallst /  reclaim democracy  bp & hedgefundersrtifaimed bring provocateurs shut  wisconsinunion  hijacked planning  occupywallstreet?anticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...yankees add woesox misery 6 2 loss day freddy garcia staked claim post season rotation ...occupy wall street reclaim future   occupywallst  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  pepper spray  officer previously named anti war bush protest claim  ourwallstreetrtcall local tv stations  tell management call networks demand coverage  occupywallstreet     reclaimyourtvto catch predator  occupywallstreet trend  twittercensorship  opesr  a99  usdor  occupychicago  endthefed  reclaimyourtv sister wivesrtrtnic cage vampire? antique photo collector claims  based ci..    lmao“nyt reviews  googlewallet   claims europeans pay swipe mobile.so gop claim 47% households pay federal taxes basically bullshit
rtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teaparty"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetrtwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.rtper court appeals 1st amendment film police officers public     occupywallstreetrt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17"action antidote despair" joan baez   occupywallstreet  tarsandsrta family affair wife  daughter accused queens scam artist named accomplicesrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetim bout call  nypd theres kinda violence goin upstairs. ill posted actually respondrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblyrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblywhen delays headed straight path  hoboken & montclair train. faith penn anymorertiheartradio fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey ...rtvianpr openly explains haven aired  occupywallstreet report   ourwallstreetrtbloomberg bully pulpit & refuses 2 fight 4  millionairestax. $4.6b cld eliminate cuts  whyrttea partiers funded billionaires interrupt "town halls"? media wall wall coverage. grassroots protest  occupywallstreet? silencertnon partisan  occupywallstreet  usdor seeks removal unfair extreme banking/corporate influence democratic process govt4the peoplertyou don cause  win   stand children starve billionaires thrive  ourwallstreetwhile billionaires thrive  rest struggle survive.  takewallstreetyes..oppportunist cornel west..full cat left stairs & ain spilled milk..attention getting creeprtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtcheck tweeps. protestors marched broadway arriving a… (cont)thank chico  marched twice  occupywallstreet time held sign ;0)today:"police scores arrests" "as hundreds people... marched north union square"  protestors  occupywallstreet  usdorrtresidents  unions  advocacy hundreds marched    occupywallstreet“holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. nypd  "wtf?"  ows”rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsprotestors  timessquare marched  washingtonsquare   ows  o15  oct15mt ows arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd wtf viajust marched san diego. 99%  occupywallst  occupysandiegortholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtoccupyoakland park.  occupywallstreet thousands protesters marched broadway seized police kettle netsrtvery personal post watchingon brooklyn bridge w. daughter. love marchedrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrt300 marched thru chicago tonight chanting solidarity   ourwallstreettakewallstreet  occupychi check sitertholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtrtnypd releases videos police warning  occupywallst protesters charged marched road."holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blks w/2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  wtf?  ows"rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  ows
rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetplease  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustoccupywallstreetmama  mama noise cops shot girls boys.rtrtbig media afraid wall street protest seriously   ourwallstreet  vancouver  cdnpolifollowing  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info41staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas go21staid4  teargas  justincase go21staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallst1staid4  teargas >>> panic producing calm deal  occupywallst
rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhere“three rabbis hike 15 miles brooklyn bronx weekly lead synagogue1staid4  teargas  justincase go2rtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtcannot  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla protests? help? spread news & watch live @rtmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thankrtsleep wellrtmaking noise twitter style using  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet addstorm mediafinallymade chicago news  time bank bail outs economic injustice main stream newsrtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogether¿se frena el viento de cola?   ccrtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17y nyc  september17th  boys   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  bofa  banks  agosrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rt“80 indignados detenidos en nueva yorkrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiers
rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhererthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetnypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspectjust reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  readrtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupierspolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetdhs chemicals biological response unit wearing anonymous maskrtpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetoccupywallst meaning life stop stupid consumer nd protest wallstreetrtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops homertchilling photos police protesters clashing  occupywallstreet.rtwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordrttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtfuck anthony bologna. punished  occupywallstreet .rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.nypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.more anthony bologna.   nypd  policertmore anthony bologna.   nypd  police happens??rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.nypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.“more anthony bologna.   nypd  police”just remember name. anthony bologna.  (akatony baloney)rtmore anthony bologna.   nypd  policertjust remember name. anthony bologna.  (akatony baloney)rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtmore anthony bologna.   nypd  policertmore anthony bologna.   nypd  policertmore anthony bologna.   nypd  police
nsfw  opesr  flashthefed  ourwallstreet :ppppfss34    oppulse lieutenant commander log   opesr  giabo  anonymous  ourwallstreet  antisecnypdrtinternal nypd rift aggressive tactics peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters?       opesr  usdor  a99internal  nypd rift  aggressive  tactics  peaceful  ourwallstreet protesters?  via  giabo  opesrwall street donated $41 million supercommittee   oppulse  giabo  ourwallstreet  ows  a99  opesrlistening  (*ignore date  msg relevant)  ourwallstreet  opesrrtourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  listen &?  evading  opesr tactics?git eeet   opesr  ourwallstreet  endthefed >>  occupythefed via  a99shields  blackflagmilitia  anonymousrtgiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsegiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsertsolidarity  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo www.nyc.ta.netrtoppulse:wondering  weare? lil  intel ya [here]  (special msg toat 3:00)  opesr  ourwallstreetrtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesra call action union square   liberty square  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfosolidarity  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo www.nyc.ta.nettill  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo  anonymous  hugzsolidarity unity  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo  usdor sleep sidewalk arglive wall street   anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfoall recourse s.. . true gravity... want.  occupywallstreet it. 1 / 0  usdor  opesrhey pretty one. smile camera   anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfobernanke   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  occupydallas  occupysf  occupyboston  occupyphilly  occupyminn  endthefed  opesr  usdor
rt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...rtabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.rtmubarak style police crackdown wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  tcotrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartmaking noise twitter style using  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet addstorm mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartwall street protesters arrested yesterday ll protestingrtnyc protesters accuse nypd pepper spraying  roughing  denying food & water  vaseline ing eyeglasses  tauntingthe  nypd ashamed actions.  handle peaceful demonstration  they?rtmorning ny  people waking ny camping night.    takewallstreet>>> occupywallstreet <<<<<< time.      opwallstreet  cnn  bbc  cbs  abcrtnypd mad? ve  police violence lifted news blackout  occupywallstreetrtcrazy  justify egypt & nycrtshame onfor covering  occupywallst96 grannies support liberty plaza   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  nbc  abcwabc eyewitness news up.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  nbc  npr  pbspolice brutally beat peaceful protesters   sept 25  2011   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  abcmichael moore @  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  abc  nbc  pbs  nprmsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street   occupywallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  abc  nbc  pbs  nprshameful police action  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  abc  nbc  pbs  nprcop maced wall street protestors identified   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  abc  cbs  nbc
rt?? ????? ?????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?????? ????  via?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rthere ;)  lolrt?? ????? ?????? ??????? ??? ???? ??? ?????? ??????? ?????? ????  viartheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtafter 10 days  teabaggers pouting abt  occupywallstreet hippies protestin failed system theyve whined abt 4 yearsiwilloccupy bc weve jobs & bad compensation  corps care abt human & banks $off endebting evry1  occupywallstrtheywhy absolutely zero coverage site abt  wallstreetprotests? lot ignoring.rtask bloomberg abt  nypd brutality & protester critical condition  occupywallstreet  heard  freedomofassembly?thx nyt telling truth abt abortion rights    prochoice  iamdrtiller  reprorightscomment @ post abt nypd aviation & terror planes "best defense airborne terrorism? barrel pig fat plane.  nuff said."how feel abt male contraception? "sexual revolution advances male birth control" fromlivestreamingv  liked guy talked abt corporations barrick gold etc &guy smartrt?? ???? ????? ????????? ?? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ?? ??rt?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?krugman abt terrible expert judgment been.  continually views?us shud concerned abt thoz  occupywallstreet thoz preoccupied  foodstreet .  pakus  usdorthought abt care sec. crap. rt: iwilloccupy enough. coming.i ve found perfect permanent home  cc
u.s pltx nypd shoot planes     rtnypd shoot planesrtto serve protect shoot ...protesters fish stink 3 days  supportnypdnypd spox 74 arrests  5  "wearing masks"  ows  o15thanks nypd law +orderit looks pushing punch  supportnypd
rt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreet:( flickr month. upload photos.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetall month   wall street  people   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmy architect wife sent 100 resumes avail 19 months.  iwilloccupy  takewallstreetsweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  ...convicted cat killer six months prison convicted kitty killer wife meowed mercy monday b...rtour month unlimited salsa lessons deal paying $1/day. steal.nytimes 20 free online articles month. article loads finish. l8r  text blocked.  ve ctrl+a ctrl+c...rent nyc narrowest house $14 000 month (or original greenwich village tour).rtthis collapse ponzi scheme. time dismantle it. days  months  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpoli  inyourfacepovertymy architect wife sent 100 resumes avail 19 months.  iwilloccupy  takewallstreetsweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  gia...rtdid read theis limit payers 10 pages month?  hahahha  the?   goodluckbankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreeti called months ago rtfinance minister quit russian governmentrt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreeti ve toying getting cassie company lost sister months backnot time crime  convicted cat killer six months prisonrtall month   wall street  people   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoctober  occupy month ready  vid  anonymous occupy planet   usdor  occupywallst  p2rtwe plan wire 30 manhattan stations  including times sq.  herald sq. & columbus cir.  w/ cell service 12 months. t.co/les1ftyb
rtnypd reportedly targeting photographers occupation wall street    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetnypd reportedly targeting photographers  occupywallstreetrtrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtnypd reportedly targeting photographers occupation wall street  takewallstreet  viahahahahaha100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreet  thepeopleunitedwillneverbedefeatedrtsource?  rt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtrnypd reportedly targeting photographers occupation wall street  takewallstreet   politicsrtnypd reportedly targeting document  occupywallstreet protests using cameras & smartphonesrt“100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreet” wow :drtsource?  rt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtsource? rt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreet"plz   libertyplaza media. amiss  reportedly. contact list   occupywallstreetrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtnypd reportedly targeting photographers occupation wall streetnypd reportedly targeting photographers occupation wall street  takewallstreetrtrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrt100  nypd reportedly refused    occupywallstreetrtwhat’s lonesome east? rutgers  uconn reportedly exploring acc  ten
rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...snooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s...“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreet"it wail st" ny daily news front page     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"it wail st" ny daily news front page    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreeticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreeticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarertif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtbrother word... protest  don stigmatized.  occupywallst coverage  sequel  madisonrtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiersone citizen vote dollarusdor corporate person hood.  1citizen1vote1dollar  1c1v1drttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  via
23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????????? ??? ?????? ??? ??????? ?? ??? ????? ???????? ?????   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  yerevan  rally  opposition  sksela  hima23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ??? ? ??????? ? ???????????? ?? ?????????? ? ??????? ?????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima?????????? ??? ?? ????? ???????????rtarmenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela ???? ???? ?????????rt?? ????????? ?? ???? ????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? ?? ????? ???? ????   armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  himart???????????????  ???? ??? ??????  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23rtacc. wikileaks levon sells drugs arms  speaks wikileaks?   23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquarert?? ? ??????????? ??????  ????? ??? ????????  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ???????????))))))))rt23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ????? ????????? ??????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima    ??? ? ????? ?…. ????????????? ????? ????????? ??????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima    ?????? ??))))23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition ???????? ????)))rt??????? ???  ????? ???? ????????? ??? ???????? ?????? ??????? 23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  skselart??? ? ?????? ????????? ??????? ????  libertysquare  armenia  23sep  yerevan  rally  opposition  sksela  himato person bad. caused ambulance.    23sep  yerevan  libertysquare   oppositionzurabyan decisions  ?s people don   23sep  yerevan  libertysquare   oppositionpeople don listen zurabyan  talk   23sep  yerevan  libertysquare   opposition
web  art   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  time httpsocialmedia  business   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonlientrepreneur  health   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonlincelebrity  writer   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonlinemusic  travel   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timelowestprice lite source savoir faire floor lamp   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebargain 14k white gold 1 4 ct. alternating black   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebuy auburn tigers seal men’s ring size 12 – st   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timediscount xerox 016 1997 00 ink tank drum unit   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebest buy okidata 9 pin 120v ml321 turbo wide paral   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebest price 14k yellow gold 6 8 mm oval shaped pe   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timefor sale israeli civilian gas mask nato filter   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeoffer mens 6.5mm ‘diana design’ artisan comfort   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeordernow techni mobili winchester wood computer wo   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timediscount 2.10 cttw genuine heart shape lab created   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebest buy milano armoire jewelry box papri   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timesale 14k yellow white 2 tone gold ladies   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebestseller 3 4ct tw round brilliant diamond engage   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeon sale 14k yellow gold oval created alexandrite   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timelow price lite source polare floor lamp   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebest buy 2 ct black diamond stud earrings 14k whit   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  time
nypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingbreaking "a lot"  nypd racistmorgan freeman cnn piers morgan tea party racist   york daily newsrtnypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoinghey   nypd racist. women maced white.  takewallstreetherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistresponds liberal actor morgan freeman claim tea party movement racist   tcot  politicsmorgan freeman cnn piers morgan tea party racistherman cain  gop presidential candidate   hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtnypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingticket fixing scandal nypd cops  racist talk caught wiretap recordingsherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racist“gop presidential candidate  hits @ morgan freeman calling  teaparty  racistrthey   nypd racist. women maced white.  takewallstreetrtnypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoing   nycrtherman cain  gop candidate  hits morgan freeman 4 calling tea party  racist    tppatriots  tpe  teaparty  tcotrtrtrthey   nypd racist. women maced white.  takewallstreetrt"hey   nypd racist. women maced white  takewallstreet"wtf rtyo omg rtso nypd ability shoot plane.but control black people. prioritiesuc berkeley students protest ‘racist’ republican bake sale | raw replay     occupywallstreet
rtfeel wall st. protesters don susan sarandonrttimes square "pedestrian plaza" soon fledged pedestrian mall; street life diesrtfeel wall st. protesters don susan sarandonnow marketing slogan  mtbutcher shop julie powell questioning marriage opens...rtfeel wall st. protesters don susan sarandonrtfeel wall st. protesters don susan sarandonfeel dumb rtfeel wall st. protesters don susan sarandonrtyour readers
rtrttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppressiontibetan monks set themselves fire form protest(0_o) ==> rttibetan monks set themselves fire form protesttwo tibetan monks set themselves fire monday  protest chinese rule tibet.2 tibetan monks set themselves fire protest chinese policy york times2 tibetan monks set themselves fire protest ...rttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppressionrttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppressionrttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppressionrttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppressiontibetan monks set themselves fire form protesttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppression   york daily news   chinawhen keeping real goes wrong rto_o  rttibetan teen monks set themselves fire ...o_o  rttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppressionrttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppressiontibetan monks set themselves fire protest oppression.rtrttibetan teen monks set selves fire protest china religious oppressionhey  occupywallstnyc real protest. rttibetan monks set alight protest...tibetan monks set themselves fire form protestrttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppressionrttibetan teen monks set themselves fire protest china religious oppression
gadverdamme  rtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net  (is ie stijf??)rtdit toch wel echt geweldig.. mierlo gewoon met foto ny times dankzij lara stone..  little dutch girlrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet netrtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtdit toch wel echt geweldig.. mierlo gewoon met foto ny times dankzij lara stone..  little dutch girlrtchris hedges speaking live livestream.com/globalrevolution  occupywallstreetnypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial  york city police officer mark desimo...   fotortrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)80 arrestados en las manifestaciones de "occupy wall street" en nueva york (+fotos videos)   occupywallstreetrtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)de laatste foto van michael jackson. heftig verhaal ook.rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)occupywallstreet foto  video  news sufoto van dooie michael jackson  hij ziet wel witjes.rt*applause* forthe photographer  ourwallstreet featured by. setrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet netretenida por fotografiar/filmar el maltrato policial   nypd  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17buenas fotos  photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreetrtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (“frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81  "rt“all 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nyc”rtif political parties fail  move beyond political parties.  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thankrtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articlen3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopn3kkid  occupywallst spokesmodel   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst spokesgenious   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocrajoni mitchell n3kkid  occupywallst ijit   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcotanyone notice  occupywallst odd foreign flavour?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  phnm  p21occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21from pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21
rtrtwhere bloomberg? bloomberg money remain mayor? wall street course.  usdorrtfox news demonstrators  occupy wall street  protest influence money u.s. politics   takewallstreet  usdorrtwe  occupyearth money power.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtyou straight   obama received money wall street bankers .  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetp2rtrtwhere bloomberg? bloomberg money remain mayor? wall street course.  usdorrtthe money masters     takewallstreet (please rt)rtgreat read fromon billy beane moneyballrti wantto  occupywallstreet promote  getmoneyout pls  ows  ourwallstreet  1u  ctl  p2rtfollow money corrupts elections. seed grievances  usdorrtfocus fight cause. wall st. money politics issues fall placerttaxi driver london  england united  occupywallstreet   takewallstreetwrite paper money  occupywallstreet permanent marker. please retweetmadden writing yankees re market thrifty moneyball team sis richcharity bosses raking moneyrtsupport  occupywallstreet family 2 move money banks. control main street  takewallstreetlion king  beats  moneyball  box office brad pitt unable cat the...occupywallstreet  bloodmoney   theyretryingtokillyourtrtthis movement fail.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  globalrevolutionwhy american dream debt house  happiness apartment?  occupywallstreet  moneyismiseryrtwhy raise worker wages corps/banks lend workers money 18+% huge profits raising wages?   occupywallstrtartsbeat blog musicals festival diary money worries
govs don’t rule world goldman sachs trader  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   p2rtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarert.in 2010 goldman sachs bankers received $15.3 billion bonuses  feed hungry person planet.  occupywallstreetrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquareinvestor "the governments rule world  goldman sachs rules world"   occupyamerica  takewallstreet  usdorrtrtthis song issue ht...   gfw  fuckgfw  vpnrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolibreak goldman sachs petition @    occupywallstreet  democracy  icumi  justice    owsrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertoccupying  rioting  wall street   occupygoldmansachs  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetomg   occupywallstreet   ve located bradley manning  locked goldman sachs  bank vault. leavenworth. whatever.rtmayor michael bloomberg ties goldman sachs  wall street crooks.   ourwallstreet  p2  gop  takebackwallstreetrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertgoldman sachs looking lay 1 000 workers......directly   1u  occupywallstreet  usdorrtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertoccupywallstreet  ows rt"governments don’t rule world  goldman sachs rules world"   p2  p2cartbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse "goldman sachs rules world"?? =/   occupywallstreet  cdnpolirtgoldman sachs looking lay 1 000 workers......directly   1u  occupywallstreet  usdor
please update soon  terriblerti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdoriran religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  francertdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedrtvideoraves greening & sustainability efforts   14ygreenrtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrtwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetoccupywallstreetmama  mama noise cops shot girls boys.rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responserti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rtworkers world  unite. lose chains   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  wallstreetrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nychave mega corporations world  law ? visit  share opinion.1staid4  teargas >>> panic producing calm deal  occupywallstmuslims:"let irvine 11" warning jews freedom speech hecklers belief jewish judges w/no muslim benchbanks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreet
rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstthe price cheap  food | disinformation  /nytimesrtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)rtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsfood thought...the fraying nation decencythey didn eat dishes  ate food.rtwhat cheaper  eating out?rtgreatgraphic cost fast food vs homert"junk food cheaper real food..this plain wrong. isn’t cheaper eat highly processed food"rtbring food water st. james & madison st. arrestees  occupywallstreetiww spotrtnyc protesters accuse nypd pepper spraying  roughing  denying food & water  vaseline ing eyeglasses  tauntingrtfinally food punditry junk food cheaper<kfalkenberg_> people square food?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtneedsoftheoccupiers "could ponchos  blankets  socks  heat water  food."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet pls retweetnyt slide "road food  bad food:"  american road food highway plastic sameness.nyt op ed "is junk food cheaper?"  it’s myth chips cheaper broccoli. they’re not.baobab touted nextsuperfood african fruit fromtree life ... household name  a...rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstnews    chew  food talk tough swallowchocolate health baobab touted  superfood ; african fruit  tree life  marketed ...greene hill food co op fall
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquareoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousnypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspectrtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiershey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreetkeep date  generalassembly york city.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallstrtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viaroflmao "the exercises classified"rtfdl live blog  occupywallstreet day nine  pressing mass arrests yesterday   usdor  takewallstreetrtpass shit     occupywallstreetrt"rtmy report foronand mass arrests.   occupywallstreet“i heading  occupywallstreet afternoon ” news. thx keeping informed. press passes yet?“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetis associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsrtmt100 people arrested wall street  mass media spain  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet.((pats back)) day ll 3 rtmets fall cards  assured third straight losing season cbsloc.al/ow0jwnthe zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)
am agreement..no revolution fought  enemy knowing moves. on.. occuywallstreet  takewallstreet80 arrested financial district protest (  occupywallst ) moves north80 arrested financial district protest moves northrti support future.  greed rampant .  starts wallstreet moves washington.80 arrested financial district protest moves north   nytimes.com  << blog  occupywallstreetrt80 arrested financial district protest moves north   digg  p2  topprog  occupywallstreet  tcot  tlotrti support future.  greed rampant .  starts wallstreet moves washington.80  arrested financial district protest moves  north    terror link seen arrest j.f.k.  nytimes“small donors slow return obama fold   cause expected "progressive" moves/action prez.diggrt rt80 arrested financial district protest moves north   digg  p2  topprog  occupywallstreet ...why little coverage issue? 80 arrested financial district protest moves north80 arrested financial district protest moves north  ...sad  don re protesting  occupywallst80 arrested financial district protest moves north    occupywallstreetrtcity 80 arrested financial district protest moves north80 arrested financial district protest moves north   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17rtcity 80 arrested financial district protest moves northwriter rich cohen bro  rtcity steven m. cohen  former cuomo  aide  moves80 arrested financial district protest moves north   ocupywallstreetrtvia:pandora relaunches site html5  removes music listening capcity steven m. cohen  former cuomo  aide  movescity 80 arrested financial district protest moves north

private jet industry "about third flights empty"well course ve proper cannons... furtive spraying kids crap... boys playing80 arrested wall street protest  << ap story.. news outlets using empty story  occupywallstreetrtrttwo discussed nypd supervisor macing protestors  ray kelly … (cont)that good. rtrtmay related 2 empty buses following paddy wagons trinity."rttwo discussed nypd supervisor macing protestors  ray kelly … (cont)rta list food trucks  occupywallstreet protesters.rtis nypd crummy judgment taking plane protests?i  served empty sandwiches "couple accused stealing food money red apple preschoolsrtjust finished 1st empty homes grant corby  house empty 4 4 happy tenant… (cont)excellent newsrtrthave website?  yes  re adapting thanksrtfirst visit day. market road thrapston  vacant 2 years.  twitpict.did seesad tweets & pictures night? ccliverpool   demolition disasteri  bad news liverpool...   ccrt2000 empty homes northumberland  (cont)police safari hat tries rob brooklyn bank  makes empty handed york (cbsnewyork) – hav...rta list food trucks  occupywallstreet protesters.rta list food trucks  occupywallstreet protesters.rtbeen following  occupywallstreet  day 1   growing. waiting for? streets empty you.rttwo discussed nypd supervisor macing protestors  ray kelly boast nypd arms plane.

rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherewhere ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests lolrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tort..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........“where located drop supplies?  occupydenver  occupywallstreet”rtrtwhere bloomberg? bloomberg money remain mayor? wall street course.  usdordanks book marked link re; facebook read later; google track everywhere; searchs; deletesrtdon bullying  absolutely sickening  sinister kids  parents?rtcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2aljazeera coverage  usdor &  occupywallstreet mainstream media?[corporate censorship]   takebackamericaif signers "declaration independence" 2day  be?  occupywallstreet  usdor  takebackamericartbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertthe movement alive well. gotta start starting now.  occupywallstreet  freedommiddle class suffering sexy budget politics coverage greece  versions?where you? reporter forhere.rtnypd chasing runaway horse  incident control  horse stopped @ 115th & riverside >only in.. guess happens everywherelooking spokesperson speak  occupywallstreeteverywhere ... help please?<truehammer> dallas held oct 6th?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatnyt "where abortion rights disappearing:"  anti abortion forces enacting laws & regs narrowing women choices.
dank  wlf express grattitude all. wonderful loving group; bond breakrtwonderful  rtthe  raginggrannies tear livestream now.  occupywallstreetrtoppulse:wondering  weare? lil  intel ya [here]  (special msg toat 3:00)  opesr  ourwallstreetwonder successor?few run ins kid.  indian friends wonder paints target me.rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwonder howfeel knowing world watching them. feel magnifying glass?  occupywallstreetrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwonder running. mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse   horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.there isn day goes don wonder ppl vote repug. voting own inexplicable.  occupywallsthim saturday sept17  doing wonderful..but unable receive mail personally fans..and folks wonder black folks hate cops meanrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begini wonder  takewallstreet participants supporters voted 2010?  sept17when dictionary outrage * wonder modern lexicon   fbfor wondering sperm donor  check  lol..rtwonderful news theviawith help friends  american folk art museum staywhat video. humum wondering dog nip..

rtupdate 8   occupywallstreet nypd fail slideshow w/witness accounts added am   dailykos  dkos  dutchsinse  tcot  p2rtoccupywallstreet slideshow   nypd fail <> shame@ <>   nypdfailmtkudos tofor excellent  occupywallstreet slideshow ...slideshow nyc soundstage "making city brighter sadder  wealthier grittier  newer."rt<>  occupywallstreet slideshow   epic nypd fail youtu.be/ie3e6ia zeooccupywallstreet slideshow   nypd failoccupywallstreet slideshow   nypd fail  viartrtoccupywallstreet slideshow   nypd fail youtube.com/watch?v=ie3e6i… viartrt  viral<>   occupywallstreet slideshow   epic nypd fail   takewallstreetrt50 portraits occupy wall street (slideshow)    ourwallstreet  occupyusa  occupytogetherrtrt50 portraits occupy wall street (slideshow)    ourwallstreet  occupyusa  occupytogetherstarchitects parade  awesome slideshow. read magazine am. save tweets.rtrtnypd epic fail   occupywallstreet slideshow w/stories  (front line  classwar )check video     occupywallstreet slideshow   nypd fail  viartupdate 8   occupywallstreet nypd fail slideshow w/witness accounts added am   dailykos  dkos  dutchsinse  tcot  p2rtrt50 portraits occupy wall street (slideshow)    ourwallstreet  occupyusa  occupytogetherrtkudos tofor excellent  occupywallstreet slideshow  people "why here?" figure.rt  viral<>   occupywallstreet slideshow   epic nypd fail   takewallstreetupdate 8   occupywallstreet nypd fail slideshow w/witness accounts added am   dailykos  dkos  dutchsinse  tcot  p2occupywallstreet slideshow   nypd fail <> shame@ <>   nypdfailnypd epic fail   occupywallstreet slideshow w/stories <>   <> dailykos
rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneedsoftheoccupiers "could ponchos  blankets  socks  heat water  food."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet pls retweetrtneed hand warmers  clean dry socks  clean tshirts  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takethesquarertwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneed hand warmers  clean dry socks  clean tshirts  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takethesquarertneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneed hand warmers  clean dry socks  clean tshirts  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takethesquare“needsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreet”rtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersneed hand warmers  clean dry socks  clean tshirts  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takethesquarekenyan sets world record berlin marathon  rain  socks bunching shoes  makau won ...rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiers
greece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycoccupywallstreet  globalrevolutionrthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetoccupy wall street | nyc protest american revolutionrtfixed link "the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet " arun guptart6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradiowatching globalrevolution  viaoccupywallstreet"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreet  occupychi  occ ...rt"the seed revolution repression." woodrow wilson  occupywallstreet  civildisobediencertpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution livertdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nyceloquent provoking post concerning revolution   divorcegovtfrombigbusiness  occupywallstweather nature preparing ya revolution progresses.  thx4hangingtough  occupywallstreetrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable."  john f. kennedy  occupywallstreetrtit harder arrest singing people yelling people. yer songs  revolution   occupywallstreet  sept17  libertyplazartit harder arrest singing people yelling people. yer songs  revolution   occupywallstreet  sept17  libertyplazadoes. www.livestream.com/globalrevolutionrevolution tv   occupywallstnyc    nolesvotes   rvolution  kukutza
rttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreettons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viartnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viarttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe  nypd blockade escort thousands march towards union square.  holy shit.  occupywallstreetrttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet march swing  livestream. headed towards  unionsquare.    ourwallstreetrtrtnypd blockade escort thousands march towards union square.    occupywallstreet   ourwallstreetrtrtnypd blockade escort thousands march towards union square.    occupywallstreet   ourwallstreetdocument  nypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters  cops losing jobs nyc paying claims  ccrtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viartrtnypd blockade escort thousands march towards union square.    occupywallstreet   ourwallstreetbanana thrown ice towards hockey player. guess race...can christmases once? moving towards palestinian & solidification   occupywallstreet movement fell swoop?occupywallstreet march swing  livestream. headed towards  unionsquare. street.  remarkableabout 15 cop cars ambulances left 57 street towards fdrrti american feels duty support movement towards liberation human race.     occupywallstreetrtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272 viarttons  msm     positive towards  occupywallstreet violent cops. stay peaceful    special saucertrtnypd misconduct towards  occupywallstreet protesters reported civilian complaint review board 1 800 341 2272
rthelp promotethat starting support offer   occupymadison  occupywallstreetrtrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17occupywallstreet protesters form political party   listofdemands starting point.  freedomparty  libertysquarertgeneralassembly starting  join   ourwallstreet  sep17rtthe movement alive well. gotta start starting now.  occupywallstreet  freedomrthas nfl tackling changed crackdown hits head? look tape startingnyt editorial "president obama’s medicare proposals:"  obama’s medicare plan starting point.““nyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17””rtourwallstreet people starting fb occupy city planning occupations country  portland doingit 10x intensity  boa hq street us. re starting occupation  oct 1st >:prtspread word starting homeless unemployed tent city close wallstreet possible.  occupywallstreetthanks link. media outlets starting report  detail. nypd provoking riot.rtnow bus washington dc  ready bring  occupywallstreet life freedom plaza occupation  starting oct 6   takewallstreetrt oct 7th fed reserv minneapolis  consider starting location  assembly choose move  takewallstreetrtafternoon protest march wall st starting now.  takewallstreet  owswell instead starting riots create jobsrtdespite arrests ny  onabout  takewallstreet   starting wonder cnn actually news org.rtgeneralassembly starting  join   ourwallstreet  sep17rtrti’m encouraged signs democratic awakening starting place.  occupywallstreetrtgeneralassembly starting  join   ourwallstreet  sep17rtrttahrir advice  occupywallstreet protester low starting  join  jan25  sept17
rtobamaadviserswarnedofloandanger solyndra failure bit.ly/op3ibe  takewallstreet  p2  nowthatsprogressive thanks adminrtrtthe solyndra ‘panic’nyt ed "the solyndra ‘panic’:"  solar company’s failure deter robust public investments clean energy.rtthe solyndra scandalrtpaul krugman  pitch perfect response synthetic outrage solyndraclever rtpaul krugman  pitch perfect response synthetic outrage solyndrartthe solyndra scandalrtthe solyndra scandalrtthe solyndra scandalceo solyndra brian harrison  former head intel nm:"krugman solyndra scandal+1 “the solyndra scandalthe phony solyndra scandalrtthe solyndra scandalrtpaul krugman  pitch perfect response synthetic outrage solyndrapaul krugman    solyndra scandal bad it?krugman   solyndra scandalrthey maybe obama 1 solyndra     needsoftheoccupiers solar panel  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtthe solyndra scandalrtthe solyndra scandalrtthe solyndra scandalrtgreat  cut bs  column byon faux solyndra  scandal
rtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrtrta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned gr...rt.cowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetrtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?whoa  real terrorists  women beaters  cowards.please welcome   diaz  nypd   ocupywallstreet  anonymousrtan video watch pepper spray cruel cowardly  nypd   atlantic   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned gr...rt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetarrest coward  nypd anthony bolognayou rock lupe  reason  nypd act  especially commanding officer.you re  cowardsrtnyt video nypd coward pepper spraying women sneaking outrageous     mayor?rta site appears id nypd pepper spraying coward copsoallows "chris christie" trend  occupywallstreet?  fcking cowards.  twitter afraid movement   owsrtoccupywallstreet pathetic media outlets remain nameless  ignore   corporate cowards    sept17.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrtanonymous publicly identifies  nypd officer cowardly pepper sprayed protesters   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetoh... mean furtive coward sprayed ranaway nasty roach?rta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned womenrtthe brutal  cowardly douchebags force 36 000 doesn change overall sense nypd.rt.cowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreet
small donors slow return obama fold frustration disillusionment dragged m...small donors slow return obama fold   tcot  tlot  gop  dem  teaparty hope change out.ny times obama donors  08 ain giving time. critical one. report attackwatch.comfeed offness donors slow return obama fold  [manual offable]feed offness donors slow return obama fold  [manual offable]some pushing chris christie run president powerful donors activists ...why they? didn bought time donors slow return obama foldsome pushing chris christie run president powerful donors activists ...“small donors slow return obama fold   cause expected "progressive" moves/action prez.small donors slow return obama fold   obama  2012rtrtexamines obama world donors sunday nyt. world.small donors slow return obama foldsmall donors slow return obama fold  really?some pushing chris christie run president   powerful donors activists  man...rt"a vast majority mr. obama’s past donors  close 4 million  money all."rt"a vast majority mr. obama’s past donors  close 4 million  money all."small donors slow return obama fold   nytimes.com  leaning leaves supporters leaning away.some pushing chris christie run president   powerful donors activists  man...small donors slow return obama foldsmall donors slow return obama foldsome pushing chris christie run president powerful donors activists ...
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycpic  nypd  "freedom fence" 2011 9 24    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetiran religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  francertdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycmuslims:"let irvine 11" warning jews freedom speech hecklers belief jewish judges w/no muslim benchrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99obama blacks stop complaining fight  ...  occupywallstreet  nomorecorruption   marijuana   legalizeit  freedom........can front camera ...?  freedom park ? ..rtyou started glorious fire freedom soon warmth warm souls globerthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)occupywallstreet protesters form political party   listofdemands starting point.  freedomparty  libertysquarertrt   99%   1%      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtawesome jobgood press makes happy    usdorrta retweet musa ibrahim  mohammed  captured  sirte (sept17)  libyartthe movement alive well. gotta start starting now.  occupywallstreet  freedom<iamnoone> free source guys protest   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtat zucotti park  occupywallst withandwho wearing nike shirt. ad free zone  dude.rthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age book
rtnypd insists pepperspraying women  occupywallstreet justified & videos edited  ...i call bsrtnypd insists pepperspraying women  occupywallstreet justified & videos edited  ...i call bsrtnypd insists pepperspraying women  occupywallstreet justified & videos edited  ...i call bsrtnypd insists pepperspraying women  occupywallstreet justified & videos editedrtnypd insists pepperspraying women  occupywallstreet justified & videos edited  ...i call bsrtnypd insists pepperspraying women  occupywallstreet justified & videos edited  ...i call bsthat video edited officer charged assault battery. video everywhere.  occupywallstreetrtnypd insists pepperspraying women  occupywallstreet justified & videos edited  ...i call bsrtnypd insists pepperspraying women  occupywallstreet justified & videos edited  ...i call bsrtnypd spox pepper spray “appropriately” suggested video edited – anglesnypd insists pepperspraying women  occupywallstreet justified & videos edited  ...i call bsrtunedited   cop knee throat 9/24/2011  occupywallstreet  via{}  policestatert8000 witnesses  anthonybologna live. edited? oh mean...  lawsuit ?  occupywallstreetrtnypd spox pepper spray “appropriately” suggested video edited – anglesunedited   cop knee throat 9/24/2011  occupywallstreet   takewallstreetitv w/ christina gonzales arrested beat cops  unedited video   wallstreetitv w/ louis gargow arrested beat cops  unedited video   wallstreetrtnypd video  shrugged saying violence edited out.. mace  it.rtunedited   cop knee throat 9/24/2011  occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtnypd video  shrugged saying violence edited out.. mace  it.rtcheck video    unedited   cop knee throat 9/24/2011  occupywallstreet  via
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rtdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedhey  join  nyc? tell reason  iwilloccupy fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalstrike(from buzzfeed)  nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdigging videos added  wallstreet protests   occupywallstreet  nyc  takewallstreet  wallstprotest“three rabbis hike 15 miles brooklyn bronx weekly lead synagoguertfascinating look inside nypd counterterrorism unit cbs  60 minutesrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viaare official  demands   occupywallstreet movement?rt6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradiofrom pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21rtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthrtbroadcasts wall street occupation  anonymous  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  susan sarandon  occupywallstreeteloquent provoking post concerning revolution   divorcegovtfrombigbusiness  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.rtrt1 vote remove cannabis schedule 1 drug list & decriminalizationourdemands
rtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twin[edunews] education secrets principal   run school found bureaucra...everyone found bit amusing 8 days ago.   80 protestors arrested  nyc. ponder.  occupywallstrtandre baksh  noah ark found mount ararat turkecops arrest husband n.j. wife slay husband missing jersey woman found encased cement fill...rtbrooklyn 111 clymer st swastika found  ground floor. wspu & hate crime units scene.rtrtspeaks "we people found voice"  occupywallstreet  owsthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...poor writing tmi? "the morning cummins williams found hot tub homeowner"rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowpart 2  dexter williams died  asphyxia ; found dead  naked hot tub arkansas ..rthappy 2 report  midnight patrol found heightened  nypd activity  libertysquare  occupywallstreet camp. sleep  herosrt"remember founded country unfair taxation."  occupywallstreetrtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinwow rtbrooklyn 111 clymer st swastika found  ground floor. wspu & hate crime units scene.rthappy 2 report  midnight patrol found heightened  nypd activity  libertysquare  occupywallstreet camp. sleep  herosrtrtglen reynolds rasmussen found 17% americans believe govt consent governed… (cont)cops arrest husband n.j. wife slay husband missing jersey woman found encased cement fill...yay  boy found safe  “missing autistic boy  found reunited parents   autism  asd  wanderingi love looking nt sunday styles. found cute lez couple.nytimes sherilyn thomas lynn witttonight dr.we people found voice   (video)  occupywallst  speech ^wd
rtok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet ..her mother dying & cant afford carertjust left  occupywallst   healthy peaceful crowd hundreds  sign dying  towners  heavy police presencertcity cellphones subways dying gasp civilization?rti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford caredying teen calls 911 cut throat cops 16 dying queens girl desperate 911 call som...rti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carei interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford caredying teen calls 911 cut throat cops“dying teen calls 911 cut throat copsrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford careit bit strange. look timelines rank hypocrisy. laughing kids dying example.  edlrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carethe "illicit thrill" finding free minutes fashioned parking meter   dyingpleasuresrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carertmacroeconomic events slow... current paradigm slowly dying  occupywallstreet gaining momentum.rti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carertdreadful beyond words top famine dying kids  mass rape women/girls somaliarti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford care
rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtthe 99% speak   occupywallstreet [...] < powerful stories.rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwheels onstar backtracks collection data ex subscribersrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetwell course ve proper cannons... furtive spraying kids crap... boys playingrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrttwo discussed nypd supervisor macing protestors  ray kelly … (cont)
rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtif political parties fail  move beyond political parties.  occupyla  occupywallstreetif origami fails... bet toilets busy ... :)nypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...tax payer bailout banks "too fail" 99% austerity  bankster criminal arrests  reason  occupywallstreetrtobamaadviserswarnedofloandanger solyndra failure bit.ly/op3ibe  takewallstreet  p2  nowthatsprogressive thanks admintoo failed inspired sign  occupywallstreet  usdor  draw365 painted image 145/365nyt ed "the solyndra ‘panic’:"  solar company’s failure deter robust public investments clean energy.what secret success failure?rthedges "power elite define whatever failure."   occupywallstreet  usdorrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycoccupywallstreet  fail  gohomefooldehumanization= failure imagine lives lead. rtrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtthe tactics seen ignorance  slander  macing  arresting. failed epically. try tolerance  acceptance.  occupywallstreet  usdoroccupywallstreet  nypd  bart   oppressive  fail   opbart  gestapo  cnn  foxnews media? ? ?finally coverage  occupywallstreet  itsabouttime  media  victory you?  cnn  fox  msnbc  cbs  news  failrtafter 10 days  teabaggers pouting abt  occupywallstreet hippies protestin failed system theyve whined abt 4 years
rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.needsoftheoccupiers note ups delivery address  check "donations" section  current list.  occupywallstreetrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.even cleared crimes stay f.b.i.’s terrorist watch list... know.rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweet
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtfinance minister quit russian governmentnews finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay th...nytimes finance minister quit russian government   aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...rtfinance minister quit russian governmentrtfinance minister quit russian governmentfinance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay auth...finance minister quit russian government   york times straits times finance minister quit russian...finance minister quit russian government nytimescomrussian president ousts finance minister  putin ally  insubordinationfinance minister quit russian governmentnews finance minister quit russian governmentfinance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay the...rtfinance minister quit russian governmentdtn russia finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay un...dtn stock market finance minister quit russian government   york times abc newsfinance minister ...dtn usa finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refuse stay under...rtfinance minister quit russian governmentmedvedev fires russian finance minister insubordination ...
nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...camden financial aid victims summer warehouse fires camden  nj (cbsnewyork/ap) — camden fam...nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...rthuman remains found apartment missing nj woman lived jersey city  n.j. (cbsnewyork/ap) — jersey city p...rtnew yorkers rally execution georgia death row inmate troy davis york (cbsnewyork/ap) – groups..._new york_ (cbsnewyork/ap) ? iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad address united nations assembly...health department stats drop aids nyc york (cbsnewyork/ap) — health officials numb...dominique strauss khan interview french tv york (cbsnewyork/ap) — lawyers york city ho...drivers slight drop pump trenton  n.j. (cbsnewyork/ap) — motorists seeing slightly lower prices ...dominique strauss khan interview french tv york (cbsnewyork/ap) — lawyers york city ho...s.i. preschool owners allegedly $2.5m school lunch funds york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city c...alexander hamilton home memorial reopens harlem york (cbsnewyork/ap) — former home founding f...carl lewis seen underdog nj senate race marlton  n.j. (cbsnewyork/ap) — voters jersey’s ...police thief steals suv child seat york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city couple scare ...nyc advertisers protest decision post ads york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york taxi advertisers prote...prosecutor nj police shooting pit bull appears justified jersey city  n.j. (cbsnewyork/ap) — authorities in...officials cleaning nj statehouse garage flooding cost $420k trenton  n.j. (cbsnewyork/ap) — floodi...smart phones feature icircular advertisements york (cbsnewyork/ap) — major newspapers retailers ...new yorkers brace traffic headaches un assembly york (cbsnewyork/ap) — world leaders d...
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?following  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info4art graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponclinton warned federal deficit created combination tax cuts spending  comi...art graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponrtfact 99%  sept17 choose peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  createnothatertmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsweapon makers try hard create fear c0ps & civilians. mace us.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponrtsupply economics boondoggle created idle rich hoard wealth masses  occupywallstreet  ows  usdorrtlike cover worse crime  overreaction legitimate protest create unstoppable movement. thanks nypd   occupywallstreetart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponrtif wall street  occupywallstreet crowd monday morning  create jobs to?well instead starting riots create jobsrtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsrtfact 99%  sept17 choose peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  createnothateart graffiti ? artist905 creates occupy wallstreet dollar bill  sept17 auction  takewallstreet    sponrtjust cover worse crime; overreaction legitimate protest create unstoppable movement. thanx nypd   p2
following  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info41staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas go21staid4  teargas  justincase go21staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallst1staid4  teargas >>> panic producing calm deal  occupywallstliterally sick stomach seeing fox news  megan kelly  usdor girls prolly deserved teargas. hvnt watched tv sincertoccupywallstreet video  women mercy  nypd teargas >>can confirm this? ? rtteargas  re targeting facilitators  nypd  usdori talking tasers teargas.   significant discrepencies.  there.  occupywallstreetrtconfirm teargas? pepper spray  boots  arent atm   u?? sup?  a99shieldsrt1staid4  teargas go2rt1staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallstrtfollowing  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info4rt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst
rtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorfor android users  cure itunes withdrawal““update police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet””rays hope alive  beat yanks 5 2 monday night game little postseason tune the...tune tofor  tunneltotowersrtrays hope alive  beat yanks 5 2 monday night game little postseason tune yanke...rtlive chris hedges  libertyplaza  tune in.  occupywallstreetrtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorrtrtrtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtjust tuned  move beltway politics talk peoples  politics  occupywallst ?   doitbe   date.  started tonight  stay tuned.every time tune  occupywallstreet livestream protests  feels sea change happening u.s.rtcan please bring stereo music union square? tune… (cont)rtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetno confirmation. re marching now. stay tuned...  occupywallstreetrtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorrtmoving account  naan visit homeland  somalia  famine  drought  hornofafricartjust released  brothers & sisters plaza.. stay tuned 50gb wild video  viewable asaprtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorrtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorthe video reveals shallow ethics traders consideration money fortune misfortune.  occupywallstreet
help  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetwall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform   occupywallstreetrtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2rtoccupywallstreet shout awesome protesters  wallstreet  libertyplaza fighting world  join    sept17rthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetin catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest s...keep fighting fight guysrtthey ve ignored you. ve ridiculed you. re fighting you. comes next.  occupywallstreetrtgood morning  anons  happy sunday   fighting fight  occupywallstreet  revolution  anonymousyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2in catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest ...aw  thanks   actually feeling   eating & pooping & fighting phoeberthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetrtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2in catalonia  day bullfightingrtwall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting f..good riddance. rttoday   day bull fighting barcelona & catalonianews catalonia  day bullfightingadios  rtsayonara bull fighting catalonia  nyt scoopfeed offness catalonia  day bullfighting  [manual offable]feed offness catalonia  day bullfighting  [manual offable]
this lie 827 910 928 208    "yankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethrenfyi  eeuu gov. chris christie political fans guessingno   ny fans laughing   lol  redsoxhim saturday sept17  doing wonderful..but unable receive mail personally fans..nytimes yankee fans feel sympathy   red sox brethren   nowyouknowitsbad  fuhgeddaboutit  collapsertwe do? news me. rtyankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethrenin word? nope rtdo concur? rtyankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethreni apologize mj fans; played role death too.jets  rtis nyc jets town giants town? team fans?  submit you… (cont)rtyankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethrenwhat mean  "fans"? lindzen & dyson 2 critics alarmists.with team stumbling  sox fans feel yanks starting backups  farm hands games vs. tampa?rtonce ratm & tom morello fans jointhey antour>:]do concur? rtyankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethrenit trap  rtyankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethren"yankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethren  responses thistweet amazing.rtstudy  ohiostate  buckeyes fans college football team country //open letter behalf michael jackson fans worldwide medianewgov. chris christie political fans guessingnope.  rtyankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethrenthis sums red sox train wreck  49 556 fans yankee stadium witness carnage.
rtdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedrtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychirtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychi???????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? arrests peaceful  occupywallstreet  protesters continue. don   ourwallstreetboston red sox continue slide al wild card race  yankees aj burnett ...rtprotesters continue flood  wallstreet   sept17  takewallstreet  cdnpoli  ableg  uspoli  p2  p2b  endwar  endpovertyupdate wall street protests continue  nypd remains mum pepper spray   ny1.com  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplazaajstream continued coverage  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica aje.me/qxpiowmikebloombergrtcity wall st. protests continue  arrests morning marchajstream continued coverage  occupywallstreet  usdorthe protests continue wall streetrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadparents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicide content tormenting buffalo are...rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadsearch continues 8 missing children  parents | video | 7online.com nypd searching m...    ammelliartabc7 thanks coverage  occupywallstreet   please continue cover news behalf 99%  occupylapolice tactics criticised  occupywallstreet continues  100gf     takewallstreet  nypdbrutalitythe lamestream media continue ignore protestsny times art news bridge u.s.a. vs. italy/england zhejiang huamen cup   bridge continue look ...ousted taymor continues support  spider    nytimes.comrtrtal jazeera coverage  occupywallstreet continues
heavy hitters  occupywallstarrived. riot police.    takewallstreet  sept17rtforget cia  nsa  fbi  military intelligence. nypd arrived.occupywallstreet lights arrived.  libertysquare lit   ows  usdor  takewallstreet live streamrtoccupywallstreet lights arrived.  libertysquare lit   ows  usdor  takewallstreet live streamexcellent  rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.rtrtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.rtrtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.ba dum ching  rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.wow   rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.rtrtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.congratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.  viaoccupywallstnycrtrtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.rtwow   rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.rtrtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.thank god arrested dirty hippies rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived.rtcops arrived...  occupyseattle  occupywallstreetrtwow   rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.rtheavy hitters  occupywallstarrived. riot police.    takewallstreet  sept17rtrtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.
rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.“three rabbis hike 15 miles brooklyn bronx weekly lead synagogueladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...rtbrooklyn city councilman charles barron protest ga mtg:"stop & frisk wall st.arrest real criminals wall st"rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtrip 2my little cousin kyanna  smh believe rtbrooklyn teen dies ..."so cliche" rtjay christen  brooklyn nets  arena concerts   newyorkcityles jerseay nets se nomment désormais les "brooklyn nets"   watchthethronea day for&. 2 nets fan actually care.  brooklynnets.{god him} rtbrooklyn 2701 ocean ave 2 people shot  1 aided transported serious condition. level 1 mobilization.bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  (cont)rtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.wall street  protesters vow fight brooklyn woman front page demonstr...rr"brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm"rt"brooklyn macdougal st & saratoga ave male stabbed 4 times  victim doa scene. active crime scene."rtmystory rabbis hike 15 miles  brooklyn  bronx weekly lead synagoguertbrooklyn 111 clymer st swastika found  ground floor. wspu & hate crime units scene.dudes crazy rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled (cont)shit crazy rtbrooklyn paerdegat 4 st & paerdegat pedestrian struck aided pronounced doa hospitalrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012smh rtbrooklyn 730 rockaway ave  3 people shot. doa scene. level 1 mobilization regards. active crime scene.
rtwhat cheaper  eating out?rtgreatgraphic cost fast food vs homenyt "now  soon won’t:"  there’s trending faster phenomenon trending.rtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrtoccupywallstreet protestors mobile (with video seemingly  questionable force police)rtrtrtwe legal help fast. owns sidewalk front fed reserve. polirtrtoccupywallstreet video net fast possible. people do… (cont)rtrtwe legal help fast. owns sidewalk front fed reserve. polirtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrti support  occupywallst protests cause re daily reminder badly wall st. fucked country populace forgets fast.rtoccupywallstreet protestors mobile (video seemingly  questionable force police)fast artikeln tidningen är längre än på weben. hurra för min bonusdotter helenartgreatgraphic cost fast food vs. homertgreatgraphic cost fast food vs. homert"nypd don move muscle" ~ kate "unless move faster speeding bullet" ~ castleis junk food cheaper?  cooking job & fast food holiday;  rich people don cook & neither.nypd  police  buckles low prices nypd police buckles  fast delivery site. buy online"advertising fast food isn exercise free speech behavior manipulation addictive substances"mtwhat cheaper  eating out?rtgraphic cost fast food vs homertnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet  ccyes please...water  coffee  breakfast  needsoftheoccupiersrtrumored $nflx   $dwa deal goes through. bottom $nflx?
rtconsensus met designating shifts throughout night  getting vehicles sleep  occupychirtoccupywallstreet  foxnews. getting secret.rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reportsflood victims getting fed congress darlene swithers pennsylvania resident home severely ...rtwe ve 3 heart balloons re taking  occupywallstreet. getting nyc.  ourwallstreet  wiunionrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtcops getting aggressive @ madison & st james. water drinks  bring &   occupywallstreetrtthe silent majority getting message. tide turning. ll help channel discontent.  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtwe coherent list goals &how intend reach goals. getting lots questions.   occupywallst  ourwallstmtgetting ready  nycutshurt press conference  nyc today. parents tell real story.rtrtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)rtneed2keep focus getting corporate influence govt.  lobbyist  corporatepersonhood  usdor  ows 1person1vote1dollar  occupywallstreetyes..oppportunist cornel west..full cat left stairs & ain spilled milk..attention getting creeprtgrandmothers getting ready riot. riot mean knit.  occupywallstreetrtunconfirmed reports  nypd "getting sick" reporting work.  occupywallstreet  nyunionrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17thanks getting me. comparison else. explainedrt"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reportsrtoccupywallstreet 8th day  occupychicago  occupyla getting started.rtunfortunately  nypd  brutality blatant disregard peoples rights  occupywallstreet start getting news coverage.
rton top  famine   unspeakable violence  viartrtmy video somali famine  reported dadaab   helpthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. column...rton top famine  unspeakable violence somaliaon top famine  unspeakable violence mass rape       somaliakristof (on top famine  unspeakable violence  read today. mix editorial education. powerful."listening stories somalis left heart aching." ny times     somalia  famine  refugees  dadaabgr8 column fromthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape.op ed columnist top famine  unspeakable violence   york timesreception camps kenyan somali border stop rape robbery famine victims_ unspeakable violenceon top famine  unspeakable violencertnyt op ed nicholas kristof top famine  unspeakable violencehelping somali famine victims viartthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. columnrtmoving account  naan visit homeland  somalia  famine  drought  hornofafricartdreadful beyond words top famine dying kids  mass rape women/girls somaliartthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape.   vaw  somalia"but am statesman  nor soldier."    naan  famine  somaliaon top famine  unspeakable violenceon top famine  unspeakable violencertthe world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. column
rtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorwatching globalrevolution  viaoccupywallstreetrtif lives able  people warm stay temporarily recuperate.  needsoftheoccupiersrtjust livestream 7:30 est michael moore spoke   rerun loop   ows  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  wiunionrtif lives able  people warm stay temporarily recuperate.  needsoftheoccupiersdoes. www.livestream.com/globalrevolutionprotesters risking lives nypd 2protest banksterscorp provided obamafu chase banklivestream sf    chat  (cont)>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viausdor  takewallstreet>>> michel moore <<< watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usador>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usadorrtwonderful  rtthe  raginggrannies tear livestream now.  occupywallstreetrtmichael moore  occupywallstreet livestream   usdorlivestream recorded  occupywallstreet bit.ly/nzptl4   usdor  takewallstreettheeditorial board supports calls lives  laws campaign. read editorialdehumanization= failure imagine lives lead. rtrtmichael moore  occupywallstreet livestream   usdorrtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rt"2 livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. 3 confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestatertmedia team  livestream sound issues. hang  internet   occupywallstreetrt people think. watch livestream now.  usdor  occupywallstreet


rtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorwatching globalrevolution  viaoccupywallstreetrtjust livestream 7:30 est michael moore spoke   rerun loop   ows  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  wiuniondoes. www.livestream.com/globalrevolutionlivestream sf    chat  (cont)>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viausdor  takewallstreet>>> michel moore <<< watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usador>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usadorrtwonderful  rtthe  raginggrannies tear livestream now.  occupywallstreetrtmichael moore  occupywallstreet livestream   usdorlivestream recorded  occupywallstreet bit.ly/nzptl4   usdor  takewallstreetrtmichael moore  occupywallstreet livestream   usdorrtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rt"2 livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. 3 confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestatertmedia team  livestream sound issues. hang  internet   occupywallstreetrt people think. watch livestream now.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtchris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."6200+ viewers  occupywallstreetothers trouble donating?  occupywallst livestream via paypal? denied.  alternative? closed minechris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."rtoccupywallstreet please livestreaming. allows truth   propaganda  people provoking  nypd
rtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtspoke w/ pbs reportr arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials...no help.  ourwallstreet ccrtoccupywallst3   pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetyippee  :)rtturns coffee you. re woman.rtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt spoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrosa parks woman. people at? starts  personrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreetrtrt spoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrt spoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetbuy cupcakes republicans amer indian woman.rtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke w/ pbs reportr arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials...no help.  ourwallstreet cc
perry own troy davis headachertpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrt"no society history imprisoned people united states."  occupywallstreet  riptroydavisrtno matter repubs voted  corp media minority gop power 2destroy democracy  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17rtbest wishes luck  egypt  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  troydavis  libertyplaza  sept17in europe  outrage u.s. execution troy davis  “...a stain justice system us” ~ mr. badinterrtrt0 actual criminals destroyed world economy arrested wall st. 100+ peacefu… (cont)“video  nyc  troydavis march confronts  nypd  occuppywallstreetrtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrtapparently execute prisoner save rtjustice troy davisrtrt6 former georgia corrections officers stand w/  troydavis prison staff refus… (cont)and potentially destroy world rtun assembly meeting impact traffic manhattanrt9/24/2011  occupwallstreet police brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troydavis   antisecrtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.yes    rtrtbreaking   stay execution  troydavisrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2was troy davis murdered? justice  troy davisrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtwatch michael moore  cnn  troydavis  occupywallstreet. free stream   usdorrtpolice brutality tonight   video    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers pls retweet  wearealltroydavisrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachother
"leave authority existing responsible people."   thomas jeffersonoccupywallstreetwe re packing night  decided leave rare image  occupywallst smiling cop.rtrtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"rthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.all  occupywallstreet stop chatting nypd . friends   leave plsrtrtnbc york reporting private owners park  occupywallst leave day twoyou tell pigs leave innocent protesters alone.women maced? fenced in? cattle ? fucking serious?rtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"nbc york reporting private owners park  occupywallst leave day twortrtnbc york reporting private owners park  occupywallst leave day tworti hope nypd & bloomberg pay ultimate legal political price fiasco.   occupywallstreet don"t leave til changes.rtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet""rtonce  leave country truth us. london guardian  occupywallstreetrti leave w/ this...goodnite.well paid crazy rtrti leave w/ this...goodnite.rtwhy protesters  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  occupywallst hate america much? free leave.looks won leave spreading   occupywallstreet bit.ly/oennwvlooks won leave spreading   occupywallstreet bit.ly/oennwvi hope nypd & bloomberg pay ultimate legal political price fiasco.   occupywallstreet don"t leave til changes.sure  nypd sent notices media saying notice leave forced tonight. abc7tv. spread word.rtwe re packing night  decided leave rare image  occupywallst smiling cop.
did capitalist camera? mtbusy posting  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet photos. 70 them.interesting tweeters newly met. followinglooking 4ward 2 postingsrtmaking/posting fliers october 1st  usdor protest/march  occupydenver hi… (cont)rti agree. locked posting fb  revolution page hours evening  sept17  occupywallst  takewallstreet  censoredrtmaking/posting flyers october 1st  usdor protest/march  occupydenver highly appreciated.    occupywa ...rt looking couple folks helping posting "occupy" news articles site.  occupywallst  otnyour posting tips nightlife establishment staff? talk priorities.  occupywallstreetstop posting bullshit   fucking birther craprtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsrt “woman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsrtmaking/posting flyers october 1st  usdor protest/march  occupydenver highly appreciated.    occupywallstreetrtmaking/posting flyers october 1st  usdor protest/march  occupydenver highly appreciated.    occupywa ...“your posting tips nightlife establishment staff? talk priorities.  occupywallstreet”thank posting  occupywallstreet.   video tv?rtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsrt looking couple folks helping posting "occupy" news articles site.  occupywallst  otn.thank posting this. looking forward  getmoneyout campaign  beautifully withrtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsthank posting jaz tv ukrtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsi seealso likes posting ppls personal details.  pwn  andreaurbanfox  lizalvis  edl  teamwc  wlf
rtremember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreetrttakewallstreet remember remain civil & congratulations world watching   unity  piopleb4corporations  p2  occupywallstreetrtremember remember 5th november   officer maced protestors? help identify  occupywallstreetrtremember follow  needsoftheoccupiers wish help somehow fellow citizens  takewallstreet.  solidarity stay strongrtremember "good days" real journalists news? disappointed inoccupywallst  globalrevolutionrtremember breath deep; takin  break edits & phonecalls few..rtremember  educate yourself  educate others. spread word   occupywallstreet  occupyflorida  occupyorlandort"remember founded country unfair taxation."  occupywallstreetrtthere remember tried spread word tweeted bollocks  occupywallstreetrt“remember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreet”rtrtremember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreetremember  remember occupy september. msm ignored protesters pleas liberty square  occupywallstreet  libertysquarertpolice officer line 4 bathroom "keep  people. remember...ghandi"  sep17  occuywallstreet  antibanks  usdorjust remember name. anthony bologna.  (akatony baloney)rtremember follow  needsoftheoccupiers wish help somehow fellow citizens  takewallstreet.  solidarity stay strongand remember folks  occupywallst  occupywallstreetremember  occupywallstreet  cops pissed resistrtjust remember name. anthony bologna.  (akatony baloney)rtpolice officer line 4 bathroom "keep  people. remember...ghandi"  sep17  occuyw...rtpolice officer line 4 bathroom "keep  people. remember...ghandi"  sep17  occuywall...best wishes spain. 15th october global demonstration remember. media governments...
rteuro zone death tripcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrteuro zone death triprtkeep riding top     www.zoharme.com   graphic commentary lack vision    euro zone death triprtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersutah residents strip underwear hundreds people utah stripped underwear saturday ni...rtoccupywallstreet    peacefully assemble rights stripped us. abuse brutality stoprtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreet"sightseeing plane crashes nepal  killing 19"    gone trip 11 yrs ago..rtoccupywallstreet makes wash post.    time trip nyc.rtrttweet reason 2  iwilloccupy & top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersshe thrilled strip bed 7 am mol  wlfrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiers
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtrtoccupywallstreet 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdorrtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rtrta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned gr...rtover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voice“more 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdor”  oligarchy  democracyrtour own jeanne mansfield maced  occupywallst. read account police brutality (plus video)cop maced peace protestors identifiedoccupywallstreet actions justified?if tea party protestors maced  beaten  brutalized & arrested nypd  corporate media ignored story?  occupywallstreetrtlike   video  occupy wall street peaceful female protesters penned street  “maced”rtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpeaceful woman penned & maced nazi  nypd  cops    cop  police  policebrutality  brutality  corruption  abuse  newsrtpeaceful female protestors penned maced    occupywallstreetrtpeaceful female protestors penned street maced    occupywallstreet   via{}  usdorrtvideo female protester maced nypd   (her scream cringe)  occupywallstreet  rebelzrtwhy maced wall street protests jeanne mansfield   takewallstreetthis photog cop maced defenceless female protestors  occupywallst name bolognaidentified nypd officer maced peaceful protesters  viartrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreet
rthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenychow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycnever aliveoccuppywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenyc freedom?we front page theoccuppywallstreet  nyc   criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nyc   criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycparticipatoryhomelessness.  "cool" kids doing it.   occupywallstreet  occupychi  criticalmassrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenycrthow about? movement failoccupywallstreet  criticalmass  bikenyc
rttrigger warning. 0:40  nypd uniformed maces – eyes – unarmed  unthreatening  penned protesters.officer stands 2 feet female protesters maces face.  occupywallstnypd penns maces bunch peaceful protesters [video]   occupywallstreetrtrtthis disturbing shit. nypd female protesters corral  maces   occupywallstreetrtthis disturbing shit. nypd female protesters corral  maces   occupywallstreetrtnypd pens  maces unarmed female protesters  occupywallstreet broad daylight thousands watchingrtyou won cover  occupywallstreet nypd maces locks peaceful protesters play lock up?? wtf??rtrtthis disturbing shit. nypd female protesters corral  maces   occupywallstreetrtnypd pens  maces unarmed female protesters  occupywallstreet broad daylight thousands watchingtinyurl.com/6hyfo44 cop maces  occupywallstreet protestors concern own subordinates  spraying well.rtpacificprogress.us nypd maces innocent female protesters   usdor  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  news  police  nypdrtshowplug1 nypd maces women couldn protect themselves occupywallstreet day 10 w/ protestor+ guardian srtnypd pens  maces unarmed female protesters  occupywallstreet broad daylight thousands watchingwhat maces peaceful women penned in? tony baloney  anthony v. bologna ve home auschwitzyou won cover  occupywallstreet nypd maces locks peaceful protesters play lock up?? wtf??nypd maces unarmed protesters  occupywallstreet daylight 1000 watching   > surprised allrtnypd maces wall street protesters w/o provocationrtrtthis disturbing shit. nypd female protesters corral  maces   occupywallstreetrtnypd pens  maces unarmed female protesters  occupywallstreet broad daylight thousands watchingwtf nypd? peaceful female protestors penned  1:07 white shirted office maces reason  ?rtnypd pens  maces unarmed female protesters  occupywallstreet broad daylight thousands watching
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrt?? ????? ?????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?????? ????  viartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetnyt tantawi testifies mubarak  ????? ?????? ????????????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? arrests peaceful  occupywallstreet  protesters continue. don   ourwallstreetrt????  ????  occupywallstreet ? ???? ?????? ????? ???? ??? ???????  viartoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet????? ?????? ?? ????????? ?????rt????? ?????? ????? ?? ??????? ?????rt????? ?????? ????? ?? ??????? ?????rttantawi testifies mubarak’s trial egypt  ????? ?????? ?? ????? ????? ?????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ????? ?? ?? ??????. ??? ? ?? ??????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ??????? ?????? ????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally
banks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetusdor  sep24  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet   australiaiswatching“police crack  occupy wall street  protests york police accused of... ://t.co/n2944rxs guw  us”interviews mayor bloomburg mention  occupywallstreet ?  guys completely oblivious reality.rt fashion brands embrace  augmented reality   (via)  tech  fashion fashion br...rt brands embrace  augmented reality   discussed on/augmented reality (h...rtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto video   usdor please rtrtlet conservative christians corporations  themselves. reality.  occupywallstreettelling truth sex & prostate cancer docs cited medical journal studies  reality differs (nyt)rtlet mainstream media lost touch reality  real people america.  occupywallstreet proof   nbc  meetthepress today.rtlet conservative christians corporations  themselves. reality.  occupywallstreetrt  takewallstreet  ows   globalrevolution   history  realitytv  jobs  wordpress  urtwellcome reality   (from spain) ve behavior barcelona movements.rtbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetrtconconcon winning strategy involves building movement speaking people reality an… (cont)banks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetrtfuckyoursystem reality current administration  . speak  occupywallstreet  occupyla
<truehammer> dallas held oct 6th?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chato.m.g. t.b. quotes true?? “tony bennett tells howard stern sirius xm ‘we caused 9/11?all recourse s.. . true gravity... want.  occupywallstreet it. 1 / 0  usdor  opesrrtrtlove  peace  cheer. true revolutionaries weapons. spread stand6th april & dream truethat truertoccupy wall street true story   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  globalrevolution  ows  sept17rtmtrttruer words wr nevr spoken  thomas jefferson dangers bankers   ourwallstreetso true cuz nypd retires 20 yrs.rttweet  bieberinspired angelwho passed sept17  wish  tweet  makeherdreamscometruertnot true  met person communicate ease   occupywallstreet diverse  strengthclassic true crime ny daily news killed fashion.classic true crime  newyorkdailynews...this countness killed fashion."interesting. twitter spam ofis keeping  occupywallstreet trending? true dos technique."rthow respond saying  occupywallstreet racially diverse group? true false?i know. true times this. fucking taxpayer money ...rtit absolutely pathetic. power believe true ...rtrtmitt romney won michigan strawpoll. celebrated true everyman ...and this. true. rtthe principle source politics simple can. cant… (cont)so true. hedges right. rtcornel west speak  occupywallstreet+expect lib criticism hrs  usdor  owsso true  dirty
rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtfor @  occupywallstreet protest  defundthebanks   joinacreditunion  boycottwalmart.  suggestions?rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17one easy  effective quantifiable solidarity  occupywallstreet ditching retail bank credit union.havent guys maxxed banks evil credit cards yet? crowd bigger weekends only.  occupywallstreetrtchristie blocks tax credit ‘jersey shore’for @  occupywallstreet protest  defundthebanks   joinacreditunion  boycottwalmart.  suggestions?when closing acct  am 99%   defundthebanks  joinacreditunion  occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  occupylartwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real   change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet   sept17kodak stock dives credit line tapped (ny times) kodak plonge en bourse (ny times)wind industry lobbies tax credit extensionrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtoccupywallstreet pls care riot  commit crimes  discredit doing...peaceful determined   sept17rtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtmtgop credit unions lk banks. banks lk credit unions.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17perhaps presidential material... rtchristie blocks tax credit ‘jersey shore’rtmtgop credit unions lk banks. banks lk credit unions.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17
rtprotesters continue flood  wallstreet   sept17  takewallstreet  cdnpoli  ableg  uspoli  p2  p2b  endwar  endpovertyrtlegal info fr.  nlg  sept17 peaceful occupation  wallstreet   nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspolirthow id agent provocateur   sept17  wallstreet  nyse  ows  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli  oct6  stocks  nyccan some1 explain american liberals (i.e. nyt) yearn populist mvmt. party  look past  ourwallstreet?  uspolirt[important] bring camera  record  upload   sept17  wallstreet  nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli  nysertprotesters continue flood  wallstreet   sept17  takewallstreet  cdnpoli  ableg  uspoli  p2  p2b  endwar  endpovertyrtourwallstreet look  gov telling     uspoli  fukushima  occupywallstreetrtyahoo censoring occupy wall st   uspolitics  censorship  occupywallstrthow id agent provocateur   sept17  wallstreet  nyse  ows  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli  oct6  stocks  nycrtjail solidarity   sept17  wallstreet  nyse  ows  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli  stocks  usdor  oct6  journchatin york   nypd revealing true  mercenaries  banksters & foot soldiers  uspolicestate  occupywallstreet  usdorrtopinion crisis requires imagination    ourwallstreet  occupycanada  cdnpoli  uspoliourwallstreet look  gov telling     uspoli  fukushima  occupywallstreetrtthe  austerity age arrives  cities  |  cdnpoli  uspoli  cfer  ourwallstreetrtjail solidarity   sept17  wallstreet  nyse  ows  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli  stocks  usdor  oct6  journchatrtlegal info fr.  nlg  sept17 peaceful occupation  wallstreet   nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspolithe fraying nation decency   news  uspoli  economicsrtdealing law enforcement usdayofrage.org /   sept17  nyc  wallstreet  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspolirtprotesters continue flood  wallstreet   sept17  takewallstreet  cdnpoli  ableg  uspoli  p2  p2b  endwar  endpovertyrt[important] bring camera  record  upload   sept17  wallstreet  nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli  nysert"the call class warfare fight back"  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  uspoli  cdnpoli  occupytoronto
rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertdon bullying  absolutely sickening  sinister kids  parents?nypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...rtoccupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.rtare children teaching kids bad words?rtsent friend  outstanding feminist criminologist  hard day. "perfectly ordinary kids" deservertwe re telling kids bully  presidential candidates teaching bigotry patriotism.rtmtsome protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response““occupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.rtoccupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responseall thanks amazing supporters  mtraised $750k past weekend annual  race4kidsrtweak attempts disrupt   occupywallstreet communication. don kids smarter them?  ourwallstreetrt4.6 million kids  don dental care   funds 30 billion military aid  2 israelusdorrtcorporate media mayor bloomberg tv taxes rich  cops attack  occupywallstreet kids  sharedsacrificertmy reason  occupywallstreet kids country wont pay debt didn causenypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsenypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetit confirmed nypd nypd officer mace. cant disputed.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor  takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetlooking   occupyamericamichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquareoccupywallstreet fucking consumer richs    nd protest justice  usa  takewallstreetrtkeep  thousands usa waking efforts    takeourstreetrtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspring“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthis associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owseloquent provoking post concerning revolution   divorcegovtfrombigbusiness  occupywallstrtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtmaking noise twitter style using  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet addstorm mediartsaudi king women political rolert   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetrtwe ve 3 heart balloons re taking  occupywallstreet. getting nyc.  ourwallstreet  wiunionrtrtokay. confirmed thatblocking  occupywallstreet trending    ourwallstreet  cdnpoliiconic protester/got knees/screamed bank4 taking’ parents home?  p2takewallstreet  liar liar pants on..sweet. emt fdny. cool
can story nycacc  newyorkcity annimal control kill policy changed kill shelter;salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commishrt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetrt"kill messenger" book examines media perpetuated evil |  occupywallstreetrtman fired stray bullet killed 92 grandma own home senten..rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchif internet kills middlemen  takes creativity survive...& thrive.just (via)rtthe world watching  carefull "killer instincts". police working.i   twitter weekend following.  madskillz : )rtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorrtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrbear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...plane touring mt. everest crashes nepal  killing 19  including 2 americans americans 19 peop...man killed outside nyc nightclub 23 stabbed death chatting ladies outside o...bear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...nyc friends  ll live onat 4 preview  drconradmurray manslaughter trial. kill michael jackson? thensalty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...rtwhat kills finding deaf woman maced  nypd. ears cut off?rtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?
rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtrip doritos rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe media committee doing inventory cleaning tonight  yay   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsbig chips   ???rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrt"the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips“the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips  dip?rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsgod bless  rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipslol chips>“the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsthe media committee doing inventory cleaning tonight   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsdump bag arch west  inventor doritos.rtwilson greatbatch  pacemaker inventor  dies 92rtthe media committee doing inventory cleaning tonight  yay   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips
:) haven reached  assad standards  started way. nypd goesrton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  occupychicago reached agreement allowed stay thanks calls   restrtdid  nypd violated policy dealing w/ public protest? court reached spring ...thought one. rtrti ve officially reached age cele… (cont)rtcan reached (212) 344 3464 online @   needsoftheoccupiersoccupywallst real. revolution reached america.rton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  occupychicago reached agreement allowed stay thanks calls   restour chicago lawyer reached compromise chicago cops  roll hererton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetrton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreet"never measure height mountain reached top. low was."occupywallstreet  occupychicago reached agreement allowed stay thanks calls   restrtdid  nypd violated policy dealing w/ public protest? court reached spring    occupywallstreet  usdorrt"never measure height mountain reached top. low was."probably reached bandwidth limit :/ necessarily censorshipcan reached (212) 344 3464 online @   needsoftheoccupiersrton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetapparenlty haven heard  stop  people. blocks breached :)rton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreet
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtnytimes hack  nypd didn publish n212 334 0611so tell police jobrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ridert   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetrtawesome jobgood press makes happy    usdorrtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"<bobsmith12> job occupy chicago  occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatnyt times tough marvin windows doors  tightened belt drew line eliminating jobs.rtjobs justice   racism war    presstorm  usdor   usa  occupywallstreet  occupychicago  uk  canada  tunisiart. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtcamera "document  nypd misconduct  occupywallstreet protesters  cops losing jobs& paying claims  cc"shouldnt guys looking 4 jobs opposed trying stop doing them? rtday 8  occupywallstreetrtiwilloccupy bcause cant job willing hard  takewallstreet  occupywallstreeti typically respect job guys  please don beating protesters. especially re trying hit you.thank  thanks feed. doing job. helpful.rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtnewyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 tell police joblolnytimes hack nypd  didnt  publish   212.334.0611 tell police jobrtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtworld media summit beijing concluded hosted xinhua. looked "on job safety reporters." ap  nytimes  al jazeera reps.
muslims:"let irvine 11" warning jews freedom speech hecklers belief jewish judges w/no muslim bench“video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor  listen warning soundrtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreetrttrigger warning. 0:40  nypd uniformed maces – eyes – unarmed  unthreatening  penned protesters.rtanonymous’ warning  nypd   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetcheck video    anonymous warning nypd ( please re upload video)  viartwarning  nypd concerning  occupywallstreet {  opshield effect }  (cont)rtrtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtgovernment  warning  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17  usdor  fuckyouwashingtonwow  excellent  occupywallstreet protesters recognized cancer story  wisdom & warnings.  p1  p21  1uanonymous uploads dramatic warning nypdrtvideo › warning  nypd~  blackflagmilitia  a99shields  opesr  giabo /vrtanonymous warning nypd. youtube   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtanonymous warning nypd trailer ?    antisec  oc...fair warningbeware french cuff resistance.rtwaiting speech ban ki moon obama warning violence peaceful protesters......rtrtwarning  nypd concerning  occupywallstreet {  opshield effect }  (cont)rt“video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor  listen warning soundwarning occupychicago.org confirmed site. don donations unless receive confirmation  occupychicago  occupywallstreetanonymous warning nypd ( please re upload video)
rtdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedrtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetrtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet rtliberty plaza drum circle gettin  jiggyrtlibertypark  afterdark  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet    drums  drums  drums  ... dancingrtlibertypark  afterdark  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet    drums  drums  drums  ... dancingrtlibertypark  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows drum circle gathering crowd broadwayrtoccupywallstreet rtliberty plaza drum circle gettin  jiggyrtoccupywallstreet police told folks 5 minutes drum yell 10:30 quiet time.love 2 jackhammer   n.j. arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement drumwent drumsheugh baths (no photos classic embra welcome) + sheriff crt (v so… (cont)yip  fair nuff  pool drumsheugh  copyright issue. interes… (cont)nj arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement filled drum   york daily newsnj arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement filled drum amanda mikelberg police investig...rtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers requests musical instruments  especially drums. love cheap communal violin“occupywallstreet police told folks 5 minutes drum yell 10:30 quiet time.”not netrt"32 pictures police brutality  occupywallstreet  nyc.   flashpointnj arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement filled drum   york daily newsrtlots drumming dancing. zydeco joined  occupywallstreet
this guy  >... yeah  re gonna phone rally texas legalize  marijuana ...  occupywallstrtrt1 vote remove cannabis schedule 1 drug list & decriminalizationourdemandsthere drugs drinking water. what?rtacc. wikileaks levon sells drugs arms  speaks wikileaks?   23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquarea funny  charming nyt story?  drugged them?rtfrom web ethan nadelmann drug policy alliance responds nypd marijuana ...   mmotrtgreat read mexico using (and sometimes abusing) twitter brutal drug war continues       mexico  drugsmexico social media battle drug violence |rtwow. rtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2  fbrtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2rtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2drugmakers progress biosimilars u.s. market   pharma  biosimilar  biotech [via smartbrief]takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet demand random corporate drug testing  hypocrisyrtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsmexican woman decapitated notorious drug gangrtno drugs alcohol  occupywallstreet. emphasizes legality protest nypd overstepped authority.rt “woman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsrtno drugs alcohol  occupywallstreet. emphasizes legality protest nypd overstepped authority.rtmexican blogger dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2dear nyc near  store pay cc near by? drug store dollar store?rtmexican blogger dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2
a video gallery 14 actors acting   natalie portman & jame franco etc.rtgoing thom hartmann tonight  re mypiece onand mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtgoing thom hartmann tonight  re mypiece onand mass arrests   occupywallstreetcollection nypd clearing wall street pro che hippie commies   stribpol  dayoffail  usecartmanshippiedrillgoing thom hartmann tonight  re mypiece onand mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtplacards todays demo. cartman  freeed 3pm  birmingham magistrates court  corpora… (cont)rtgoing thom hartmann tonight  re mypiece onand mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtfuck news covering  occupywallstreetrtgoing thom hartmann tonight  re mypiece onand mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtgoing thom hartmann tonight  re mypiece onand mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtthom hartmann reported jp morgan week  nypd widows orphans fund $4.5 mil winkrtthom hartmann & j. a. myerson    occupywallstreet eye witness report   usdor  occupyseattleunited steelworkers occupy wall street leo gerardw/9p etthom hartmann & j. a. myerson    occupywallstreet eye witness report   usdor  occupyseattlertthom hartmann reported jp morgan week  nypd widows orphans fund $4.5 mil winknypd arrests 700 anti wall st. protest join ronald p. spark  donald hartman  steve elliott contribut...rtthom hartmann broadcasting  dumb  quotes wall street protesters  media crime    n...   occupywallstreet

rtfor billy beane  winning isn’tladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...lots tweets/links otherwise. eh? know?  occupywallstreet isn trending list ny.rt"junk food cheaper real food..this plain wrong. isn’t cheaper eat highly processed food"rtand   occupywallstreet hashtag isn blocked???freedom communication lacking.why isn twitter allowing  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet trend?  communismrt(  occupywallstreet isn trending:) tyvm info..it perfectly clear.  takewallstreetrtny  paris battle freedom speech  occupywallstreet  parisnofear  acampadaparisrtny et  paris même combat la liberté expression   occupywallstreet  parisnofearstay strong peaceful  occupywallstreet          theworldiswatching  parisnofear  15m  15o  sept17  takewallstreetrtgreat read... rtfor billy beane  winning isn’tand  occupywallstreet hashtag isn blocked???rtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtjunk food isn cheaper.isn obama???rtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.well good. kid  rtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtmayor bloomberg predicts riots streets economy doesn create jobsfor billy beane  winning isn’trtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.“for billy beane  winning isn’t
rt"the seed revolution repression." woodrow wilson  occupywallstreet  civildisobediencertpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtgiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsegiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsertpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet“occupywallstreet   " mechanism reform  civil disobedience" chris hedges.”rtnypd spokesman civil disobedience met arrests  & resist arrest expect forcertrtpbs journo 9 hours jail & civil disobedience charge. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtcivil disobedience live  occupywallstreet   youtubertjournalist author chris hedges  speaking  occupywallstreet "the method left reform civil disobedience."  owsrtcivil disobedience parcel american democratic process.  occupywallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hrs jail & charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtchris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."chris hedges  occupywallstreet livestream "the mechanism left reform civil disobedience."rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrt"the seed revolution repression." woodrow wilson  occupywallstreet  civildisobedience
just commuication via facebook friends/and furfriends here. email via cable company secure.rthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age booknypd able shoot planes (the sydney morning herald ) share friends  |  | world news   top stories news  rss rss fee...rtmedia sucks  follow friendsrtweetrtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyounyc friends  ll live onat 4 preview  drconradmurray manslaughter trial. kill michael jackson? thenall  occupywallstreet stop chatting nypd . friends   leave plsfew run ins kid.  indian friends wonder paints target me.to  occupywallst friends  you.   naked aggression   "right now"  viartmedia sucks  follow friendsrtweetrtour stregth patience  commitment 2 friends family help crises urtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreethuge shout friends attoday thewe event guests loved theirsrtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtwonderful news theviawith help friends  american folk art museum stayrtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreetrtare journalist friends live york media told talk  occupywallstreet   occupywallst ???rtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyourtneedsoftheoccupiers socks  tarps  food  friends  thanks ongoing support.  usdor  takewallstreet
www.bit.ly/dcdebn antichrist matters politics  www.bit.ly/dcdebnis  oppaparazzi underway? don armed guardians banksters (  nypd)  bully w/o video evidence it.  occupywallstreeti mom. same.  nypd lucky re suing  instead. thank it.rtnote street medics liquid antacid  pepper spray antidote. don  it.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtobamaadviserswarnedofloandanger solyndra failure bit.ly/op3ibe  takewallstreet  p2  nowthatsprogressive thanks adminnyc    nypd  bit.ly/pjksfr  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  antibanks  libertyplaza  antiwarrtunfortunately whatever happen  zaccutti it. enforcing thr government respond  takewallstreetwe mention protests tour. people cheer   support it. fyicool  wait heaer it.rtgrandmothers getting ready riot. riot mean knit.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.rtheythe arrest media team strategy ain  invented it. pay everytime arrest  occupywallst folks.rtthank  occupywallstreet; re simply watching  tweeting  reading it. <3    ourwallstreeteen ierse boer heeft problemen met deze outfit.   rihanna mag rustig mijn tuin een videoclip opnemenlivestream recorded  occupywallstreet bit.ly/nzptl4   usdor  takewallstreetall recourse s.. . true gravity... want.  occupywallstreet it. 1 / 0  usdor  opesrpresident obama honor 1985 chicago bears white house ... super bowl shuffle coming whit...on contrary  admirable admit wrong learning it. orig post  apologize :)rtit suggested pass  occupywallstreet band record sell live album.  id buy it.roger ebert hero day...a frail human flaws indomitable passion spirit.rtthe principal help cause teens *not* attend it.
rtsound permit submitted. check.  nypd drag feet it?  occupywallstreet  sep17rtsound permit submitted. check.  nypd drag feet it?  occupywallstreet  sep17is legit?terrible  isn it?“prosecutors school owners diverted money   newyorkcity”yay  proposal passed   rtsound permit submitted. check.  nypd drag feet it?  occupywallstreet  sep17this disgusting. continue stand it?  nypd throws fence onto head   occupywallstreetlabs cit?ts par n?kamajiem putina 12 gadiem “brezhnev eternal not. same.”forget netflix  occupywallstreet rtshould blame canada netflix split? |  (via)occupywallstreet people cover it? people boston tea party? ve that.rtthis disgusting. continue stand it?  nypd throws fence onto head   occupywallstreetrtbecause  freedomofspeech & freedom  oppression matter.what it?   occupywallstreetrtsound permit submitted. check.  nypd drag feet it?  occupywallstreet  sep17rtsound permit submitted. check.  nypd drag feet it?  occupywallstreet  sep17the message allegedly chomsky verified read. it?  occupywallstreet  usdorpaul krugman    solyndra scandal bad it?"how deficit?   war  tax rich "  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourstreet  globalcamprtnypd commandeers public bus hold protesters    using clean energy it?  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprthow deficit? war  tax rich   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtyay  proposal passed   rtsound permit submitted. check.  nypd drag feet it?  occupywallstreet  sep17agreed. grit? startups  students  ship  “much applies ed well.    wtbirtsound permit submitted. check.  nypd drag feet it?  occupywallstreet  sep17
rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreethey bros   usdor?rtoccupywallstreet propane conversion kit honda eu200i generator. provide this?  usdorrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thankrt"i ll understand arrest "for resisting arrest" gotta circular charge ever."  occupywallstreetlet hope students disobey. fliers circulating today?rtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2donate  occupywallstreet   ( via irc )<sinisterteashop> wow  cops late hard irc occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtreuters don dismiss wall street occupation   usdor  occupywallstreet (via bpgulfleak)rtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtmichael moore  occupywallstreet livestream   usdorrtunprovoked  nypd choking protester w/ american flag america   nycrt.check entry  receipt.  occupywallstreet ^aort.for guardian anonymous emerged  occupywallstreet   usdor

rtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  via“nypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreet” wtf?unbelievable protest footage  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreet  libertyplaza  antibanks  corpgreedrtsound permit submitted. check.  nypd drag feet it?  occupywallstreet  sep17rtunbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street  ...  don care fed mercinariezmore unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreetwatch 3 minutes  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreetrtpeople arrested earlier released  returning  libertysquare  occupywallstreetunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    usa  uk  cnn  bah  hrw  canadaunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    cnn  bbc  hrw  news  bah  gccunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    obamausa  ukyour activist news source unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl acros...rt"people arrested speak ga.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassembly "rtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "rtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetinteresting tweeters newly met. followinglooking 4ward 2 postingsrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flagrtdon rely media followrtrtwatch  nypd drag girl hair protest. unbelievable.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet retweet.
rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?can nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?can nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?  fuck policertcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?can nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?can nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?rtcan nypd claim confrontation required pepper spray  despite video evidence?
rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?occupywallstreet 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement   occupywallstreetover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement  occupywallstreetrtthere operation interested. film police officers.  oppaparazzi  occupywallstreetrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtper court appeals 1st amendment film police officers public     occupywallstreetrtevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreetnypd officers peaceful protester concussion  occupywallstreet..   corporategreed  antibanksrtover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementrtnypd officers  stand 4? 2 ppl  own personal struggles protesters  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreeta american military officers afghan officials finished five hour meeting their...rtblog post  occupywallstreet  cheese officers  re busted   p2  topprog  usdor  owsrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtrt100 officers refused duty today. question  officer… (cont)rtrt6 former georgia corrections officers stand w/  troydavis prison staff refus… (cont)rtmtofficers overseeing "rather die  sorry  believe re this"”rtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetrtnypd officers peaceful protester  shown resisting arrest  concussion  occupywallstreetrtdear police officers  please protect citizens ones fight   usdor  occupywallstreetrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused violent kettling.  confirmations?
rtangrydems   occupywallstreet  peopleonline fed w/  teaparty including moderate  gop  indies unite     change hard   fightweb  art   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  time httpcelebrity  writer   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonlinemusic  travel   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeactor  shopping  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timecomedy  food  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timemarketing  author  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timesports  humor  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeentertainment  blogs  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeweb  art  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timesocialmedia  business  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeentrepreneur  health  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timecelebrity  writer  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timemusic  travel  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timesocialmedia  business  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeentrepreneur  health  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timenews  internetmarketing  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeblogger  musician  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timetech  fashion  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timetv  radio  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeactor  shopping  sport  music  concert cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  time
police brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.feels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetis associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsobama blacks stop complaining fight  ...  occupywallstreet  nomorecorruption   marijuana   legalizeit  freedoma black eye  jets 34 24 loss raidersopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  blackboc  blackbagged. wingit eeet   opesr  ourwallstreet  endthefed >>  occupythefed via  a99shields  blackflagmilitia  anonymousrtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracyoccupywallstreet  police brutality  arrests  msm blackout   goo.gl/qqpo7  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  libertyplaza  mikebloombergrtwife accused shooting ex cop husband death black eye..rtyou massive presence  occupywallstreet 1 mention twitter account  total media blackout situation?rtnypd mad? ve  police violence lifted news blackout  occupywallstreetrt"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout.  occupywallstreetrtplz  pics vids tweet vs media blackout   censorship  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreet   occupywallstnyc  sep17  sept17  anonrtaround world 18 tweets     cain2012  blackout  occupywallst  nepal   kerbala  beatcancer  nyad  philippe  saudia black eye jets 34 24 loss raiders week jets  suffocating defensive performance  ba...bear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...bear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...rtnypd cop outed pepper spraying women   media black out??
rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiers

rtoccupywallstreet  wallstreet   amazing atmosphere  ppl power  real stuff   sept17  downwithcorruptionrtfantastic video  done. amazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtamazingly online poker site scam. imaginertfantastic video  done. amazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreetamazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  libertyplaza  occupywallstreet  antibanksrt amazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrt amazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreettwitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...twitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...jone samuelsen scores amazing  60 yard header goal norwegian leaguert amazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrt amazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreetall thanks amazing supporters  mtraised $750k past weekend annual  race4kidsrttwitter  amazing race  assistrtwow.. amazing  gotta re post this.o donnell word msnbc   takewallstreetrtamazing hownoam chomsky andall understand  occupywallst  msm doesn t.  tlotyou doing amazing job  citizens america commend  occupywallstreettwo hikers held iran 2009 u.s.a.  amazingstoryrtfantastic video  done. amazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtamazing photos here. mtfiltered thru hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtamazing  nytimes left    published exact moment protesters arrested  occupywallstreet
rtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rt"32 pictures police brutality  occupywallstreet protestsyesterday  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tour guide holding flag lead tourists camp picturesrtoccupywallstreet protests pictures    takewallstreet  occupyla  nycrt32 pictures police brutality occupy wall street...   occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreetrt( pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiers) okay.the week pictures september 17 23  2001rtif pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiersrtlove & encouragement  ourwallstreet folks am. pictures  share video  chatter; media  occupywallstreetrtpictures  videos  info  resources   occupywallstreet  libertyplaza  sept17  sep17rt32 pictures police brutality occupy wall street protests.   nypd  occupywallstreet  policebrutalityrtif pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiersrtif pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiersrtcity york week pictures sept. 23rtwtf?i using instagr.am post pictures & paint seen  entirely dissappeared acct/feed?  plz rtrtawesome  occupywallstreet pictures 3 days   ourwallstreet  ows  sep17  oct6  usdor  p2rt32 pictures police brutality  occupywallstreet protestsrtthe york daily news dramatic closeup pictures women maced police   occupywallstreetrtyesterday  nypd cop pepper sprayed girls taking pictures protest. police brutality finest.  wtfgreat picturesrt32 pictures police brutality occupy wall street...   occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreetgoing pictures  weekend  dm you? naughty  maskusdor
rtthe nypd pepper spray seen  occupywallstreet "appropriately"rtpepper spraying innocent women "appropriate" according to?   occupywallstreetyour activist news source nypd spokesman pepper spray  appropriatel...rtask nypd spokesman paul j. browne explain pepper spray "appropriate"   occupywallstreet  p2rtnypd spox pepper spray “appropriately” suggested video edited – anglesrtpepper spray update via nyt  nypd spox  appropriate  cop blast women strollrtask nypd spokesman paul j. browne explain pepper spray "appropriate"   occupywallstreet  p2rtnypd spokesman pepper spray  appropriately    occupywallstreetpaul j. browne police pepper spray “appropriately.”   expect (  occupywallstreetrtnypd spox pepper spray “appropriately” suggested video edited – anglesinterested police told "nuts". sounds highly inappropriate actionable.need researched studies  appropriate  materials & practices 2 retrofit buildings. projects there?so  bologna information appropriately.rtpepper spray update via nyt  nypd spox  appropriate  cop blast women strollpepper spray update via nyt  nypd spox  appropriate  cop blast women strollrtyour activist news source nypd spokesman pepper spray  appropriatel...rtpepper spray update via nyt  nypd spox  appropriate  cop blast women strolllawrence "nypd insists pepper spray appropriately."  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  owsrtask nypd spokesman paul j. browne 2 explain pepper spray appropriate   occupywallstreet  p2rtpepper spray update via nyt  nypd spox  appropriate  cop blast women strollrtpepper spray update via nyt  nypd spox  appropriate  cop blast women stroll
sweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles ...  nygiants  nfltht lame embarrassed 2b team rtwhat fakers  rams claim giants flopped slow offensertthe blue screen >> eli named nfc offensive player weeksweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  ...rta giants fan giants fan friend  (reader published photo)aaron ross ready ny giants benching him; osi plays dumb lady ...   york daily newsrtafter collapse  recent struggles  giants  looking redemption ...   nygrtsweet dreams giants philadelphia  knock eagles 29 16 ...   nygrteagles receivers matchup nightmare  giants  secondary ...   nygrtsweet dreams giants 29 16 win eaglesidp replacements help re energize giants   fantasyfootballidp replacements help re energize giants   fantasyfootballsweet dreams giants 29 16 win eaglesgiants  nicks faith backup wrs healthy beckum weapon giants eag...this happens 2 guys camera faking rtgiants incident sparks nfl memo faking injuriesespn footage prove it... rtgiants incident sparks nfl memo faking injuriesjets  rtis nyc jets town giants town? team fans?  submit you… (cont)sweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles nine months living nightmare eagles  gia...good article ny giants lb mark herzlich . . .rtsweet dreams giants philadelphia  knock eagles 29 16 ...   nygrtny daily news >> myers philly nightmare blue
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolihappen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylaplease update soon  terriblertmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet
help  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetwall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform   occupywallstreetrti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (obama blacks stop complaining fight  ...  occupywallstreet  nomorecorruption   marijuana   legalizeit  freedomrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreet...rtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2rtfoo fighters concertrtoccupywallstreet shout awesome protesters  wallstreet  libertyplaza fighting world  join    sept17rthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetrtrttry 2 donations vitamin 3 4 protesters. help fight agnst colds & flu..  needsoftheoccupiersrtbloomberg bully pulpit & refuses 2 fight 4  millionairestax. $4.6b cld eliminate cuts  whyin catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest s...nytimes adéu catalonia matadors   bullfight sold ban set begin  rest spain i...keep fighting fight guysrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrtthey ve ignored you. ve ridiculed you. re fighting you. comes next.  occupywallstreetwall street  protesters vow fight brooklyn woman front page demonstr...wall street  protesters vow fight jailed wall street protesters emerged cells sunday com...then join fight free   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtoccupywallstreet    peacefully assemble rights stripped us. abuse brutality stop"first ignore  laugh  fight  win.” gandhi  occupywallst  occupyamerica
rtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtrtbig media afraid wall street protest seriously   ourwallstreet  vancouver  cdnpolirtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrttakewallstreet nypd afraid terrorists wall st.  wait mon.morning work.congrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycblog post  occupywallstreet  cornell west "don afraid revolution"   p2  topprog  usdor  ows\dr. cornell west don afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  usdor  ows  p2  topprog  diggblog post dr. cornell west  "don afraid revolution"   occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  digg  p2rtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtblog post  occupywallstreet  cornell west "don afraid revolution"   p2  topprog  usdor  owsrtthe ny times reviews afraid post blackness?  / type book ve looking lately.
rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhere1staid4  teargas  justincase go2rtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtcannot  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla protests? help? spread news & watch live @rtsleep wellrtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherert“80 indignados detenidos en nueva yorkrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupierseye  occupywallstreet   anonymousoccupylartcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtjobs justice   racism war    presstorm  usdor   usa  occupywallstreet  occupychicago  uk  canada  tunisiayou announce official donation site avoid scammersrtthank   chitownstandup rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiers“80 "indignés" de wall street arrêtés à yorkrthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.rtyou u.s. experiencing bit civil unrest.rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstfollowfor updates  occupychi  occupywallstreet running.&on ground
boring. more.  23sep  libertysquare  opposition  armeniarally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ????? ?? ?? ??????. ??? ? ?? ??????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ??????? ?????? ????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep vay qoranam es levonchike ekavrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep es uxaki sarsapum em vor patkeracnum em vor levona kara lini mer erkri naxaganrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep levon ba asa  te vonces narkotik zenq tsaxel23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ????? ????????? ((( ?????? ???????? ?? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????? ??? ?????? ??? ? ??? ?????????? ??? ? ??????? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????. ??? ? ?????? ?????????. ????? ?? ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ??? ?????? ????? ? ??????? ??????? ??????????? ??????? ???? ???? ?????? ???? ??????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ????? ?? ?? ??????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ????? ???????? ?????? ?????? ???? ????????? ?????? ???????????  ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ???????????? ???????? ????????????? ???   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ??? ???????? ? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ??? ? ??? ????? ?? ?????? ?? ??? ?? ????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ?????? ?????? ???????? ????????? ??? ????? ????? ????? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally
in arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerin arizona accent hinder teacher’s career  serious? 4get arizona belonged mexico?rtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careeran accent hinder teacher’s careerin  arizona  complaints  accent hinder  teacher’s careerin race bottom  arizona takes lead. arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerif teach english school  speak fluently. complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtarizona "accent police" accent hinder teacher career   latism  educationrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careernytimes arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s career  definitely don teach englishin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s career  rtazin  arizona  complaints…an accent hinder teacher’s career  visiting  schwarzenegger regarded?  sb1070an accent impact learning english?   article discrimination edu little talk kids  ibpyplatina teacher teach english bc accent. low  az.  fail  latism
rtit shame re nyc cops garbage removal.. tight budget..  usdor  usdayofrage  occupywallstreetnyt times tough marvin windows doors  tightened belt drew line eliminating jobs.rtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtyou alone... all...  ourwallstreet  opesr  mudfux  disinfo  occupywallstreet hold tight right.source tight jeff cumberland season torn achilles   york daily news update cumberland is..source tight jeff cumberland season torn achilles   york daily news update cumberland is..rtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrttakewallstreet...  usdor r.e.s.p.e.c.t. max guys & dollz... love... hold tight... live...rtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtit shame re nyc cops garbage removal.. tight budget..  usdor  usdayofrage  occupywallstreetrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreet"the cuffs tight  hands purple. im happy back"  occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreet
rtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycrtnational lawyers guild  office phone   (212) 679 5100  takewallstreet  takewallst   occupywallstreetrtrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycrtrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycrtrtnat lawyers guild phone (212) 679 6018 hope helps  ourwallstreetdo natl lawyers guild? 212 679 6018 please share safe  luck… (cont)mtnational lawyers guild 212 679 6018  team wrote arm.do natl lawyers guild? 212 679 6018 please share safe  luck… (cont)this shit warms heart. rtkeep  scotland followin… (cont)rtremember write nat lawyers guild arrest hotline   (212) 679 6018 arm  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor ??national lawyer guild arrests 100.  nypd investigating selves.  occupywallstreetrtrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycrtif arrested  call 212 679 6018 national lawyer guild 212 607 3300 aclu. write yr arm ink  occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycif nyc  occupywallstreet arrested call  212 679 6018 national lawyers guild legal help      sept17  takewallstreetyou lawyers guild right?rtrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nycdustin  post lawyers guilds  ?   ourwallstreet  nypdrtwall street protests national lawyer guild 100 people arrested yesterday nyclegal observrs nat lawyers guild  occupywallst (w/neon green hats) tellpresence help deter bad behavr police
rtthey peoples  power money  bofa  jpm  wf  citi   mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet rtrtmoveyourmoney.org  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet  mondaymorningbankrunrtthey peoples  power money  bofa  jpm  wf  citi   mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet rtrtthey peoples  power money  bofa  jpm  wf  citi   mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet rtrthave kept ours credit union.  mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreethave kept ours credit union.  mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreetrtthey peoples  power money  bofa  jpm  wf  citi   mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet rtrtthey peoples  power money  bofa  jpm  wf  citi   mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet rta bankster worst nightmare  mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet rtmoveyourmoney.org  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet  mondaymorningbankrunrtmoveyourmoney.org  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet  mondaymorningbankrun    ctlrtmoveyourmoney.org  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet  mondaymorningbankrunrtthey peoples  power money  bofa  jpm  wf  citi   mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet rtrthave kept ours credit union.  mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreetrtthey peoples  power money  bofa  jpm  wf  citi   mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet rtrtmoveyourmoney.org  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet  mondaymorningbankrunrtthey peoples  power money  bofa  jpm  wf  citi   mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet rtrtthey peoples  power money  bofa  jpm  wf  citi   mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet rtrtmoveyourmoney.org  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet  mondaymorningbankrunrthave kept ours credit union.  mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreetrtdefinition bankster worst nightmare  mondaymorningbankrun  moveyourmoney  ourwallstreet rt
rtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographysad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtpixiq > nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographynypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial  york city police officer mark desimo...   fotonypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialnypd cop berates  threatens citizen  photographing 9/11 memorialrtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photography  photogs  travelanother example handed reporting   nypd cop berates citizen photographing memorial  via
rtwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistakertwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistakecan protestor revolutionary costume media mistake tea bagger & actually report  occupywallstreetrtwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistakertwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistakethe  nypd mistake. don fuck hornets  nest.  massarrests  pepperspray  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetdisregard. retracted  mistake. sorry.rtwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistakertwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistakertcan protestor revolutionary costume media mistake tea bagger & actually report  occupywallstreetwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistakertwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistakertcan protestor revolutionary costume media mistake tea bagger & actually report  occupywallstreetrtthe  nypd mistake. don fuck hornets  nest.  massarres… (cont)carte blanche usually follows blood   nypd  engaged unprovoked mistake    ?huge mistake  ?   occupywallstreetprobably not...  troll clone nazine mistake tweeting via gravity day. bright.  edlrtcan protestor revolutionary costume media mistake tea bagger & actually report  occupywallstreetmistake tweetingmistake retweetingafter 12 hrs set didn read entire thread. rookie mistake.stay strong  stay safe  nypd mistakes. example  eventually police join us

police riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24rtbroadcasts wall street occupation  anonymous  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  susan sarandon  occupywallstreetwall street protesters broadcast arrests social mediartcant believe msm ignoring this. rtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtbroadcasts wall street occupation nyc  anonymous  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet   occupywallstreetnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstwall street protesters broadcast arrests social media protesters  loosely affiliated in...rtcity wall street protesters broadcast arrests social mediartnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtcant believe msm ignoring this. rtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtcan media team mic wind noise reduction?  occupywallstreet help broadcast lot.wall street protesters broadcast arrests social mediartwall street protesters broadcast arrests social media   york times   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwall street protesters broadcast arrests social media   york times   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetwall street protesters broadcast arrests social media   nytimes.com   occupywallstreetbroadcasts wall street occupation nyc  anonymous  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  viawall street protesters broadcast arrests social media  viartwall street protesters broadcast arrests social media  buildings arrest real thievesrtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallst
rtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor please“jee thanks  rtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injury  yikesmusic review keaton’s ‘sherlock  jr.’ stephen prutsman score   review screening buster keaton’s 192...rt.cowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetrtbritney spears slammed london town  rudeness  filming music video wake riotsrt.nypd badge 7432 legal charges pressed.   occupywallstreet  don buried.rt.nypd badge 7432 legal charges pressed.   occupywallstreet  don buried.rockbottom rtlauryn hill sued allegedly stealing clothesrtartsbeat blog musicals festival diary money worriesrtmusic review ‘le jardin de monsieur lully ’ brooklyn academy musichere fam bam peep thisweigh s/fight staplecenter sept17.2011mov  teamboss/iconmusicrtmusic review wilco central park summerstage   review9 days finalization ofblack flags v2 music video anwants 2 include  takewallstreetnew york live music nyc latin events  &   ny ... 55 york live music nyc latin event...because protest music?rtdave edmunds  hear knocking  via24/7  twitter blocks  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrt.cowardly  nypd officer maced netted women & fled identified anthony v. bologna   occupywallstreetrt  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet   globalrevolution   celebrity  music  bloggerrt  takewallstreet  ows   globalrevolution   dancer  lawyer  music  pop  rap  urbanrt  takewallstreet  ows   globalrevolution statement   celebrities  music  blog  uprt  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet   globalrevolution   celebrity  music  berlin
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarert.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinhey bros   usdor?rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetoccupywallst difference tunisian police dictature nd york police :nothing protecting richshey  join  nyc? tell reason  iwilloccupy fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalstrikehey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told torthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreetmama  mama noise cops shot girls boys.rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responserti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)rthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & losecould boycott economy day? buy  respond  occupywallstreet
nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspectnypd looking sex assault suspect com   police public assistance finding wan...sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...julius (stinky) wright assaulted swiping cell phone ... suspect  julius (stinky) wright  21  ...rtrtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtso guy arrested felony assault police officer  apparently. rnc conventions.  usdornypd brutally assault peaceful protesters "occupy wall street"  /viahere shithead nypd lt. assaulted women nycrtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtrtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtrti trust source. rtbystander adrianna assaulted police doubl… (cont)occupywallst.org    > peaceful protesters assaulted and/or arrested?nypd looking sex assault suspect com   police public assistance finding wan...sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...julius (stinky) wright assaulted swiping cell phone ... suspect  julius (stinky) wright  21  ...nypd looking sex assault suspect com   police public assistance finding wan...sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...
rt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiers7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiers
rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtmtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkmtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottipark
rtfor russia’s liberals  putin announcement stokes woesnyt putin emerge presidency?not envy silently rtsurprise surprise shoking news putin run president“surprise  surprise   shocking news   putin run president  ?? ????)))for russia’s liberals  putin announcement stokes woesfor russia’s liberals  putin announcement stokes woes  /viarussian president ousts finance minister  putin ally  insubordinationputin seek stint russian president 2012rtproving shark die unless moving  vlad putin talking kremlin komebacklabs cit?ts par n?kamajiem putina 12 gadiem “brezhnev eternal not. same.”putin poised regain russian presidency  posing challenges usfp.     usfpmesmemo moscow putin emerge presidency?it bad putin running president russia again.   occupywallstreet protests  mayor nyc.rtsurprise  surprise   shocking news   putin run presidentfor investors  russia putin business “for  hardly matter principle.” version of...russian president ousts finance minister  putin ally  insubordinationfor investors  russia putin business “for  hardly matter principle.” version of...russian president ousts finance minister  putin ally  insubordinationrtsurprise  surprise   shocking news   putin run presidentrtsurprise  surprise   shocking news   putin run presidentrtsurprise  surprise   shocking news   putin run president
rtnypd  abuse  women   msm  fox  cbs  abc  cnn  rtnewsgiabo  opesr  ourwallstreetso sad. "artist toyin odutola illustrates somalia op ed  follow toyinrtnypd  abuse  women   msm  fox  cbs  abc  cnn  rtnewsgiabo  opesr  ourwallstreetrt"a paradise paradox" –s nyt op ed somalia uncomfortable read  (ht)what isup covering  occupywallstreet coverage??  takewallstreet  occupywallst shared via tweetcaster
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & loserttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetrtwhen profit privatized & loss socialized  question motives.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  antibanksrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetbloomberg wasn hiding poll watching payment  ex aide haggerty trial former mayor bloombe...rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet victim media black out. anymore  whynow ? hide. lulz ;)  freedomlove 2 jackhammer   n.j. arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement drumnj arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement filled drum   york daily newsrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetnj arrested murdering  hiding remains wife cement filled drum amanda mikelberg police investig...
"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetrtpass shit     occupywallstreetholy shitrtholy shit watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.nypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city  police plane  hitechcj  mmothit  ourwallstreet shit together. ima chill & catchup chores & irl shit“jee thanks  rtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injury  yikesrtevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreetarchitecture // interdisciplinarityhitlers following too.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplaza  antiwar  owsrtup 5 people hit pepper spray 12th st. & 5th ave. yesterdayrthas nfl tackling changed crackdown hits head? look tape startingrtvianpr openly explains haven aired  occupywallstreet report   ourwallstreetrtthe storm hit australia   change coming  alonertoccupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morningrtpeaceful female protestors penned maced    occupywallstreetrtthank   chitownstandup rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersit insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegecloverfield. rtrtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injuryrtmy architect wife sent 100 resumes avail 19 months.  iwilloccupy  takewallstreeti typically respect job guys  please don beating protesters. especially re trying hit you.
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told towhere ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests lol“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquareday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquareoccupywallstreet calls 4 arrest / imprisoment serial abuser  nypd pig bologna  takewallstreet  libertysquarerta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtoccupywallstreet   interview woman arrested yesterday  viaheadlineshey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreet(from buzzfeed)  nypd arrests 100+ "occupy wall street" protests   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertrtoccupywallstreet 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdorrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica
i involved protest  gonna treated nypd treating protestors.this guy  >... yeah  re gonna phone rally texas legalize  marijuana ...  occupywallsthis mom gonna try video tape properly. wait lolfor gonna  occupywallstvenue.rtnew news studio looks sick. window street; gonna hit ape  stume.rt.you play game re gonna lose. lesson learnrt.you play game re gonna lose. lesson learn   expectusrtsounds  occupywallstreet  generalassembly 7pm 2nite  libertysquare gonna in2 "demands" join   directdemocracy20 hour train ride... totally gonna worth it.  ourwallstreet  wiunionrthow gonna tweet corporate greed?   iphones   lol   occupywallstreetrthow ya gonna tweet corporate greed? iphones  dayofrage  takewallstreethmmm  gonna tough time yr :0( “northeast farmers warn irene pumpkin shortage   newjersey”rtwho ya gonna call? guys.there  news happening  nyc..cover  occupywallstreetrt99suregonna happy abc nyc doin this:we re gonna sue asses  nypd video ?  bloomberg  occupywallstreet  guys hold stronggonna   share  occupywallstreet  solidarity  takewallstreet  winningrt.you play game re gonna lose. lesson learn   expectusrti fuck world today. probably gonna fuck head nyc  occupywallstreetcop telling some1 blocked 4 protest gonna happen.  iwilloccupy  occupywallstrtoccupyportland gonna strong here. cheers  wishes compadres.hahahah gonna say
rtlookie bad piggy >>  fuckyounypd <<for  oppulsertu mad?rtourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  listen &?  evading  opesr tactics?rtgiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsertsolidarity  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo www.nyc.ta.netdivide conquer baby  divide conquer   blueshirtversuswhiteshirtsrtoppulse:wondering  weare? lil  intel ya [here]  (special msg toat 3:00)  opesr  ourwallstreetrtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesra call action union square   liberty square  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfosolidarity  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo www.nyc.ta.nettill  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo  anonymous  hugzsolidarity unity  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo  usdor sleep sidewalk arglive wall street   anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfohey pretty one. smile camera   anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfortcheck video    ampedstatus economic crisis = usa riots  via  giabo  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtcheck video    wall street economic death squad    via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtthe theft history   wall street economic death squad   ii  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtthe road revolution 99% uprising (recut maxkeiser.com version)  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtdear america  taxes 20%  food gas prices skyr...  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrta99 operation empire rebellion   communication  1  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrttakewallstreet day 7 photos
“romney pulls $1 million nyc fundraiser | york daily news    tcot  mitt2012  nygop”n3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopboth  teaparty &  occupywallst bogus *movements* (useful idiots sincere o/c).  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnmteaparty &  occupywallst t/won establishment squeal.  delivery  immigration  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnm  p2if  teaparty &  occupywallst weren bogus  establishment  immigration  trade  etc.  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgpto establishment  liheap debatable. reducing  immigration heresy.  teaparty  occupywallst  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgprt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17rtno matter repubs voted  corp media minority gop power 2destroy democracy  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17rtdon worry gop haters. mad b/c teaparty attract 5 people time anymore.  occupywallstreet  p2rtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracynyt ed "tampering electoral college:"  pa gopers propose changing voting system partisan advantage.people ed. unions problem.gop tries 2 sell 2 people dont ed.rtsave usaron paul deserves publicity   foxnews  msnbc  cnn shame    ronpaul  gop  bieber  obama  love ron paul  occupywallstsound familiar? affirmative action bake sale students armsso gop claim 47% households pay federal taxes basically bullshitherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistgushes overbut "faint praise" fortcot  gop romney cluelessrtoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  protestwallstreet  protest2%  endolicarchy  endcoporatocracy  nomoregop  nomoreconservatives | pleasertoccupywallstreet revealing obama campaign orchestrated crisis..3 2 late & blaming power goprtregulations laws prevent cheating/harming public. obvious gop de regulation  wallstreet  gop  usdor  2012herman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racist
rtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"rtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"rtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"mt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"the shelter  rtmanhattan:nypd scene 213 45 st person shot. requesting ems rush aided serious conditionrtu/d 213 45th st perp shot  nypd victim shot expire. heavy crime scene.  nyc  crime
rtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.this guy  >... yeah  re gonna phone rally texas legalize  marijuana ...  occupywallstrtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreetyesys mr. tibbs/nemesisr didn guys nows peachy ovrbtonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.rtoccupywallstreet military occupy iraq occupy own cityand arrested. notice guy shirt.   takewallstreet<iamnoone> free source guys protest   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtus  democracy..eh? "occupywallstreet nypd police(toughguys)beat peaceful protesters   bahrainshouldnt guys looking 4 jobs opposed trying stop doing them? rtday 8  occupywallstreetgo em guys youare guys camping what?we spreading word guys  faith     world watchingkeep fighting fight guysrtso guy arrested felony assault police officer  apparently. rnc conventions.  usdori typically respect job guys  please don beating protesters. especially re trying hit you.rtaje protesters hoped  wallstreet sit  version  tahrir sq police cracked  occupywallst  menart4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17rtat 2 guys yankees caps. biggie  yankees insignia commonly undercovers identify themselves crowds  occupywallst
rtlikud republican alliance   wwiii scenario? launching strike  iran   israel  wwiii  usdor  syriartmta rejects proposed bus subway ads calling enemies israel  savages   asshatstangled relationships jerusalem   israel  palestinertfyi gaza  israeli army shoot live rounds protestors.  occupywallstreet  staystrong   handle  nypd pigs.israel upsets "palestinians" by...well  heck  *doesn t* upset "palestinians"?rtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorsexy move "turkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtny mta rejects proposed bus subway ads calling enemies israel  savagesrtisraeli panel offers plan ease cost livingrtnypd program "modeled israel operates west bank"  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt4.6 million kids  don dental care   funds 30 billion military aid  2 israelusdorrt1 congressman cost 3.3 mill/year.  aipac 81 israel learn how2 represent israel i.s.o.  ususdorrtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorrtisrael  rejecting palestinian demands  plans housing outside 1967 boundaries  newsrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidmta rejects ads calling israel enemies  savagesrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorrt1 congressman cost 3.3 mill/year.  aipac 81 israel learn how2 represent israel i.s.o.  ususdorrt4.6 million kids  don dental care   funds 30 billion military aid  2 israelusdorrtdoes congressperson represent – israel?   ..occupywallstreet  usdor

rttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreettons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtrtlive liberty plaza. 40+ nypd arrive.  occupywallst. unlike thu  cops look slightly...rtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt**new** video liberty plaza. "we 99%"  sociallyawkwrd  occupywallstnyc  occupywallstrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt“hundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet  solidarityrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorlooking   occupyamericartfascinating look inside nypd counterterrorism unit cbs  60 minutesrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtam  "this democracy looks like" chant symphony ears?  solidarity  occupywallstreetrtlookie bad piggy >>  fuckyounypd <<for  oppulsetonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.rtcbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etoccupywallstreet  nypd  brutality  thisiswhatdemocracylookslike  usdor  libertysquare  takethesquare  sept17rtdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forcerthas nfl tackling changed crackdown hits head? look tape startinglooking spokesperson speak  occupywallstreeteverywhere ... help please?nypd looking sex assault suspect com   police public assistance finding wan...rtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorshouldnt guys looking 4 jobs opposed trying stop doing them? rtday 8  occupywallstreetrt“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsrtthere  occupywallstreet story brutal arrests. press look closer.rtwe wont pander idiots  fools  trolls  sour individuals  looking attention. positive movement.  occupywallstreet
injured players tony romo  michael vick protected themselvesrtthe blue screen >> eli named nfc offensive player weekrtbruce springsteen street band discuss future late sax player clarence clemonsrtbruce springsteen street band discuss future late sax player clarence clemonsrteli named nfc offensive player week:) rteli named nfc offensive player weekrtbruce springsteen street band discuss future late sax player clarence clemonsrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrtnypd ought arresting wall st players stole peoples  homes w/out proof ownership  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetbanana thrown ice towards hockey player. guess race...nfl formally prohibits discrimination players based sexual orientation   emplaw  hr  employmentlawnfl formally prohibits discrimination players based sexual orientation  read vi...nfl formally prohibits discrimination players based sexual orientation  read vi...rtremembering orlando brown football player   nytimes.comrteli named nfc offensive player weeknfl formally prohibits discrimination players based sexual orientationnfl formally prohibits  discrimination players based sexual orientation.rteli named nfc offensive player weekrtnypd ought arresting wall st players stole peoples  homes w/out proof ownership  occupywallstreet  usdorrtprogress >> nfl formally prohibits discrimination players based sexual orientation   lgbt
characters judd apatow movie grow emotionally  dont irlrtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesr“hi  can;t boycott  dont eat stuff (cont)people ed. unions problem.gop tries 2 sell 2 people dont ed.rtwhat massmedia dont 3 videos  nypd violence & live  occupywallstreet watch >>rtdont love internet? 24h meathead  mad  dox   occupywallstreet don ppl :)occupywallstreet dont worry banksters waiting monday  forgive  forget.rtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrtdont love internet? 24h meathead  mad  dox   occupywallstreet don ppl :)rttold pessimistic friend  "if dont  don history"they thoughtwas joke? guessandhave into. idontthinksortdont complain rising prices  corruption injustice re willing changing  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrttroydavis due executed tomorrow despite evidence  (cont)rtoccupywallstreet dont care re drinking re thinking.rtworld dont forget  occupylondonexchange... coming soon....  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupywallstreetshe delighted . dont cars cos ihave mowse play  wlf.the  nypd pathetic. heydont thug cops  occupywallstreet stronger bigger  2rtrtworld dont forget  occupylondonexchange... coming soon....  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupywallstreetthis country join middle east start rioting assholes dont listen fucking  occupywallstreetdont mess texas drive thru beer store  checkarticle price junkfoodrtoccupywallstreet difference hold strong dont silence you
rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rt"manhattan hudson river west 95 st nypd scene dead body floater river. harbor enroute body removal.rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)al jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)what tool. limousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport italyrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)“manhattan hudson river west 95 st  nypd scene dead body floater river. harbor enroute body removal.”rt“manhattan hudson river west 95 st  nypd scene dead body floater river. harbor enroute body removal.”limousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italylimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italyrten route.occupywallstreet march currently en route  unionsquarertlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyhahahaha  rtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests   en route italyoccupywallstreet "mtsusan sarandon stops wall st. protests  en route airport flying italy
rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  ows“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetrtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articlertlet love late night images coming   takewallstreet  occupywallst remind days tahrircornelwest obama  love solidarity  occupywallstreet  usdoranonymouslove color illustration s. fresh beautiful.rtthis. rtteaparty  nuts don  love   firstamendment    be… (cont)rtmtrt 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreeti love charles barron talks  dull moment speech. don agree himrtrt 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetcloverfield. rtrtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injurywe love protestersrtgood morning  ourwallstreet protestors/friends  cheers productive day  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  weloveyouwe love design you. type need? www.aleberrycreative.cominteresting interview jetblue david barger; love leadership consensus situations.rtrtlovely mini doctalks growing 4 50   occupychi  occupywallstrtnyc sends love  libertysquare beautiful citizens that4  globalrevolution renaissancehave safe beautiful day loves   occupywallstreet  takewallsteet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiers
rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17lots tweets/links otherwise. eh? know?  occupywallstreet isn trending list ny.took 2/3 line 96 bklyn. 5 train w/lots delays. exited atlantic bus. wunited continental pilots march wall street  $ual  occupywallstreet  usdor  takebackamericart20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtlots women released  snacking sandwiches  cookies  cheese & fruit plates courtesy nyc iww  occupywallstreetrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtwe coherent list goals &how intend reach goals. getting lots questions.   occupywallst  ourwallstrti changed profile toplease spread word..i lots help organize oct 6thrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17great job  lots encouragement strength madrid. world possiblert20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreert20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17yeah lots $$$$$rtlots women released  snacking sandwiches  cookies  cheese & fruit plates courtesy nyc iww  occupywallstreetrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtlots love  bradleymanning  occupywallstreet demo   iwilloccupy set truth free   savebradley  sep17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17just following... ll see... questions... lots questions... spread links... eyes open
rtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinrteverybody lost chunks  retirement derivatives speculating rich quick  occupywallstreet.paradiswe lost   director sought justice via filmtwitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...twitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...rtsee streets.  occupywallstreet  tomalabolsa  usdor  sept17  s17  p2. nb lost (877) 881 3020. arrested (212) 679 6018.rtparadise lost  director joe berlinger sought justice convict..it politics social change somewhat lost hygiene obsessed mexican   occupywallst  ourwallstreetrtrtrt2 livestream feed team lost police custody  occupywallstreet    ourwallstreetrtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinjust  occupywallstreet pepper spray videos.  nypd lost sept. 11 karma.*ill her* rtrtlittle samyah bailey  lost eye shooting  (cont)rtlet mainstream media lost touch reality  real people america.  occupywallstreet proof   nbc  meetthepress today.rteverybody lost chunks  retirement derivatives speculating rich quick  occupywallstreet.rteverybody lost home due predatory lending speculating  occupywallstreet day.rti grew believing media witnessed wrongdoing  justice inevitable. ve lost confidence.  occupywallstreetthis alec baldwin?   snl lost news source  occupywallstreet types.link link dealing identity hijacked online highway rick santorum lost control on...also pretty ve lost weight week  occupywallstreet madness. barely able eat  save activism  drortsee streets.  occupywallstreet  tomalabolsa  usdor  sept17  s17  p2. nb lost (877) 881 3020. arrested (212) 679 6018.brian cashman yankees lost red sox offseason  ball ... yankees gm brian cashman los...
weight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helpa black eye  jets 34 24 loss raidersweight loss guru offers golfers helprtwhen profit privatized & loss socialized  question motives.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  antibanksrtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"yankees laugh 5 2 loss rays  martin’s humor leads ejection yankees  russell martin ejected...rti didnt care  occupywallstreet  nypd captain deputy inspector anthony bologna pepper sprayed deaf woman blank :^(the sad loss ancestral region "adéu catalonia matadorsyankees add woesox misery 6 2 loss day freddy garcia staked claim post season rotation ...a black eye jets 34 24 loss raiders week jets  suffocating defensive performance  ba...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...news baseball basics haunt dodgers stunning lossrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto nation   usdor please rtweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rt* privatizing profit socializing loss  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywhereweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers helprtcity power loss strands trains hudson river tunnelfashion glossies getting sales  start retail clothes review. industry follow?
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & losertworkers world  unite. lose chains   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  wallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers space close  libertyplaza store rains. bag check system suave.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtyou don lose police arrest & beat media ignores you. lose up. up.  occupywallstreet  p2rtworkers world  unite. lose chains   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  wallstreetrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rtthere  occupywallstreet story brutal arrests. press look closer.rtrtu dont enuff guns 2 kill &  haliburton cant build jails fast enough. lose ths battle.  opesrrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetlackey loses cool  personal  text throwing six solid innings spiraling red sox sunday night...girl maced cop (close up) @  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  nbc  abcrtred sox lose yanks 6 2  clinging wild cardrt.you play game re gonna lose. lesson learnrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersothers trouble donating?  occupywallst livestream via paypal? denied.  alternative? closed minerttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet
kenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. freakishrtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile    try running 4:45 mile  deadlykenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile    try running 4:45 mile  deadlypatrick makau runs berlin marathon wr 2:03.  amazing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.wow “kenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile mind blowing.  <   :ortrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.mind blowing  rtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile.
rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreeti remeber tht nypd bluejust reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  readrtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.rtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)rthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & loseoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationi involved protest  gonna treated nypd treating protestors.could boycott economy day? buy  respond  occupywallstreetrtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thank“how join anonymous beginner guide   anonymous  takewallstreet” simple advice. illegalrt"i ll understand arrest "for resisting arrest" gotta circular charge ever."  occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street raging grannies support liberty plaza | suite101.com   p2  ows  usdorrtok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtlet love late night images coming   takewallstreet  occupywallst remind days tahrirrtno matter repubs voted  corp media minority gop power 2destroy democracy  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17lots tweets/links otherwise. eh? know?  occupywallstreet isn trending list ny.can story nycacc  newyorkcity annimal control kill policy changed kill shelter;rtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowsweet. emt fdny. cool
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet“romney pulls $1 million nyc fundraiser | york daily news    tcot  mitt2012  nygop”rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept171staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallstrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrtrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreerttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept17rtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreet
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...power people plse share aroundrtkeep  thousands usa waking efforts    takeourstreetrtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetrtplease spread people groundkeep up. world watching. rtoccupywallstreet trending worldrtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersbe careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2as scorn vote grows  protests surge globertanyone willing background  occupythenation twitter. originality occasion.  occupywallst  ows  otn  usdorrtunfortunately whatever happen  zaccutti it. enforcing thr government respond  takewallstreet<phlip_> help people ground?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<blandsoda> luck people ground   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetone tidbit  occupywallst. organizers check desk accepting cash donations raised "around $500" yesterday.rthow nose friends’ houses bookshelves freeze dried 2007? snooping age bookrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreet
66 counting   stand countedgood counting  feel safer  police?rtvideos    america. phase1 done.  phase2 119 cities & counting   usdorrtvideos    america. phase1 done.  phase2 119 cities & counting   usdorstart counting  occupywallstreetjohn  accounting nypd police misconductrtvideos    america. phase1 done.  phase2 119 cities & counting   usdori countingrtone week counting   live literature deadline friday 5pm. apply aut… (cont)petition recognize7000 signed counting  reach 20000 signatures oct23 wh.gov/gpv  ows  usdorpoor obama 5 wars counting . guess protesters lost count.takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  tcot  news  cspjpoor obama 5 wars counting . guess protesters lost count.takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  tcot  news  cspjrtvideos    america. phase1 done.  phase2 119 cities & counting   usdorrtvideos    america. phase1 done.  phase2 119 cities & counting   usdormsnbc  recounting police brutality  defending  occupywallstreet.rtvideos    america. phase1 done.  phase2 119 cities & counting   usdorvideos    america. phase1 done.  phase2 119 cities & counting   usdorrtvideos    america. phase1 done.  phase2 119 cities & counting   usdorlatest weekly ritual counting gay weddings the. = 4rtjohn  accounting nypd police misconductrtrtwe exploit accounting rule drive profits drive living standards.  occupywallst  debtcrisis

rtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartgroup arrestee supporters reach 1 police plazaoccupywallstreet  iww "our brothers  sisters  forgotten"rtoct6 meet pikes park  occupythefed  solidarity brothers sisters front line  occupywallstreetrtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideamy brothers sisters. hearts minute.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17you dear brothers sisters change believe in.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17  usdorrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartlove brothers sisters rising finally taking stand.  solidarity  sept17  occupywallstreet  occupydallas  owsrti stand w/ courageous brothers & sisters colors protesting greed wall street.  occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartlove brothers sisters rising finally taking stand.  solidarity  sept17  occupywallstreet  occupydallas  owsrtraining jersey. stay dry brothers sistersin news day brothers sisters nyc raise $750k annual racert.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreet““.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers (cont)hang brothers sisters  revolution near.  occupytogether  usdor  ows

rtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertthanksnews  occupywallstreet rtshoutout cbs   news van following police cars trinity.rtlivestream kicking  shoutout media team supporters world   occupywallstreetrtmega  shoutout >>... usa followers ...rtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhereretweet justice.shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertlet  inspire  makeadiffrncshoutouttuesdayrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhere
rttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarerttomorrow movement bigger   occupywallstreetthe day rage   sept17   beginning. tomorrow marks 1 week people occupation wall street...chant on? tomorrow  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  antibanksrttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarerttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrtokay ll heading home  tomorrow revolution  nice day  occupywallstreet  usdorrttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarerttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquareokay ll heading home  tomorrow revolution  nice day  occupywallstreet  usdorrtmember legal team wife birthday. spent defending us. send cake tomorrow?  needsoftheoccupiersrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrtrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking ofoccupywallst cover story fortomorrow. watch livestream liberty plazartrturgent  14 cats killed tomorrow saturday september 24  2011 by. please adop… (cont)rtnice   occupywallstreet front page tomorrow srttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarerttomorrow movement bigger   occupywallstreetrtone rejoin tomorrow evening.  "there crack everything.  light get… (cont)goodnight   wiunion. tomorrow head  occupywallstreet. ll  promise.


wall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...rtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentrtrtoccupywallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtoccupymn october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  occupywallstreetpleasewall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchflood victims getting fed congress darlene swithers pennsylvania resident home severely ...nsfw  opesr  flashthefed  ourwallstreet :ppppgit eeet   opesr  ourwallstreet  endthefed >>  occupythefed via  a99shields  blackflagmilitia  anonymouswall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march  viavote pollrtwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march    occupywallstreet  owswall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   ows  antibanksoccupywallstreet day 10 occupations federal reserve branches beginrtnypd police plane needed...  reassuring   po… (cont)rtoccupy federal reserve minneapolis   usdor  occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  europeanrevolutionmaureen dowd  nyt "fed author ‘fed ’?"  mitt romney real value inauthenticity.rtunbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street  ...  don care fed mercinariezrtoct6 meet pikes park  occupythefed  solidarity brothers sisters front line  occupywallstreetrtfreedom  usa "wallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   occupywallstreetrtkurt cobain aware  caused fed dave grohl briefly quit nirvana 1993.
occupywallst real democracy street    change    usa  tunisieoccupywallst medias usa belongs rich poors   change nd     usachange  proud trying establish changes.rt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.i support of.  ? is; change blood? don 99% wil… (cont)ladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...rtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owscan story nycacc  newyorkcity annimal control kill policy changed kill shelter;what demands...what want.. list wall street protest demands changes america  ....rthas nfl tackling changed crackdown hits head? look tape startingoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> major changes protect people corporationsrtthe storm hit australia   change coming  aloneall support to15m  globalrevolution  globalchangertiwilloccupy teach  don change chance support familyrtiwilloccupy world cusp change plan help tip scales favor good...rtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtwant real significant  change? close  bank account  & join credit union. shop co op   occupywallstreet  takewallsreet  sept17rti changed profile toplease spread word..i lots help organize oct 6thrton soccer barcelona soccer changes jerseys  valuesrtall support to15m  globalrevolution  globalchangetwitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...
rttea partiers funded billionaires interrupt "town halls"? media wall wall coverage. grassroots protest  occupywallstreet? silencertbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrtgreat article social media mexico. shame people silenced reporting truth.rtmisshas verbal vow silence protest.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet 1/2 ...rtonly criminals feel silence speak evil.  nypd  occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreetrtourwallstreet  wiunion speaking rtall required evil succeed silence good.rtoccupywallstreet difference hold strong dont silence yourtoccupywallstreet difference hold strong dont silence youtakewallstreet  occupywallstreet britain  bullies honoured silence rest royals down. urt.the world watching  ows . seen evidence try silence peaceful protestors. forget.rtrtoccupywallstreet   sit silence 1… (cont)silence  nypd pepper spray questions.  occupywallstreetrtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrtrtmoment silence  troydavis  ourwallstreetrtonly criminals feel silence speak evil.  nypd  occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet"nothing ve sung matter cant mouth silenced. wrld ears 4 too?"rtremember time thereported minor  irrelevant fb page?  notice total silence wall street protests...rtourwallstreet  wiunion speaking rtall required evil succeed silence good.rtrt “to sin silence protest makes cowards men. ~abraham lincoln  occupywallstreet” silence implies consentrtmisshas verbal vow silence protest.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet 1/2 ...rtonly criminals feel silence speak evil.  nypd  occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet

rtnetflix secures deal dreamworksrtso $nflx dreamworks sign bidding war content resume  (long $nflx )feed offness netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks  [manual offable]feed offness netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks  [manual offable]netflix outbid hbo. dreamworks signed exclusivity deal netflixrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworks   nytimes.com |  via twittelator padyes  finally movies ate coming netflix  “netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksnytimes netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksum...is smarter  netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks   wow.new developments content deals netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksmore  netflix  dreamworks deal.netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworks. time major hollywood supplier choose web steaming pay tvnytimes netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksnytimes netflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksrtnetflix secures streaming deal dreamworksnyt netflix secures streaming deal dreamworks  "1st time major hollywood supplier chosen web pay tv."


rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesfinally  kill  em friendly poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesnyt fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesarticle day “small fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoes   hebu  fbrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoessmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesnytimes fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoessmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoes
rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiers
rtthe footage  occupywallst awful  to_shadow  wearethe99percentrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetgood luck  rton 1st  generalassembly 4   occupybeantownwish luck     theother99rtoccupywallstnyc excited  denver 1st official  denverga 7pm tonight near  colfax broadwayrtmrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  usrevolution  globalchangertrtrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston (cont)rtoccupyboston assembly tuesday sept 27  7:30pm boston common gazebo     occupybeantown  occupywallstnyc rtrtoccupyboston assembly tuesday sept 27  7:30pm boston common gazebo     occupybeantown  occupywallstnyc rtrton 1st  generalassembly 4  occupy_boston  occupybeantownwish luck     theother99rttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrtchris hedges interview @  occupywallstreet   spread fireusdorrttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrtour 1st assembly tuesday sept 27:30pm boston common gazebo.  occupybeantown  occupywallstnycrton 1st  generalassembly 4  occupy_boston  occupybeantownwish luck     theother99rtoccupywallstnyc excited  denver 1st official  denverga 7pm tonight near  colfax broadwayrtmrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  usrevolution  globalchangerttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrtoccupyboston assembly tuesday sept 27  7:30pm boston common gazebo     occupybeantown  occupywallstnyc rtrttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrtmrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  usrevolution  globalchangertthis call organizers help organize  occupybeantown  boston dm orwe    occupywallstnyc
rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wto   covered? total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreetrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3w
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told towhere ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests lolday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtoccupywallstreet   interview woman arrested yesterday  viaheadlineswall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrtoccupywallstreet 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdorrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtmt100 people arrested wall street  mass media spain  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtwsj "bankers  protesters  ones arrested  occupywallstreet" vi am surprised inwsj  "bankers  protesters  ones arrested on"“more 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdor”  oligarchy  democracy|npr| dozens arrested   occupywallstreet  protest     usdor ourwallstreet takewallstreet tahrir ny nj dw uk gb eu txwp| 80 arrested  occupywallstreet protest bank bailouts      ourwallstreet takewallstreet usdor egypt tahrir nj nyrtit 100 hundred protestors arrested mention thetakewallstreet journalism dead.rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
following  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info41staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas go21staid4  teargas  justincase go21staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallst1staid4  teargas >>> panic producing calm deal  occupywallstrtmany awake  asleep  libertypark... spectacle tourists. stop speak w/us...  occupywallstreetrtit nice wake sidewalks heavily lined cops.  libertypark  occupywallstreetff  occupywallstreet packagethanks peace“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmt100 people arrested wall street  mass media spain  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetjust heard fromthat gas 4 cents  newjersey. leaving  centralnewjersey now. perfect timingrtrtoccupywallstreet coming las vegas    ows  usdor  takewallstreetnyt "not smart cities:"  pegasus holdings build medium size town nm desert populated entirely robots.rtjulie andboth pepper sprayed faces.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspectrtiheartradio fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey ...nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...rtrtrights clash town clerk rejects role gay marriages   tcot  gaymarriage  ssmparents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicide content tormenting buffalo are...rtthe ny times reviews afraid post blackness?  / type book ve looking lately.millionaire matchmaker  patti stanger offends gays  jews  smart women dumb dating advicenypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...nypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspect york (cbsnewyork/ap) — york city police sear...rtrights clash town clerk rejects role gay marriagesagree. again.. read article btw? gempatti stanger offends gays  jews  smart women  trainwreck?retailers heat sales generate anti gay aid advocates demanding retailers thei...rtmore arrests  occupywallstreet    nypd pushing crowd. pic >>  ?nypd cops gayrtrights clash town clerk rejects role gay marriagescruel world...teens continue taunt gay 16 suicide  chanting  re glad re deadnytimes retailers spot anti gay aidparents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicidert"suicide draws attention gay bullying.   lgbt  equality" please rt...this breaks heartrtamazing.fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey rodemeyer.   lgbtmillionaire matchmaker  patti stanger offends gays  jews  smart women ... nina mandell bravo reali...

ladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...instant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ... dick weiss toledo footb...are official  demands   occupywallstreet movement?rtyour grandmother aren u? ? ?    >   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyou don cause  win   stand children starve billionaires thrive  ourwallstreetyou announce official donation site avoid scammersofficial donation site ofbeware scammersrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtmichael moore  occupywallstreet   >   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe official twitter handle nypdoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetbrutal haqqani clan bedevils officials afghanistan   york timesa american military officers afghan officials finished five hour meeting their...libyans qaddafi loyalists mounted raid algeria officials transitional government supporte...rtthank  occupywallstreet; re simply watching  tweeting  reading it. <3    ourwallstreetrtlawrence donnell  nypd brutality  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet "troublemakers wearing badges."instant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ...rtrtrtrtit official occupy la begins occupation october 1st city hallrt official mailing list sign available. updates mailed directly   takewallstreet  takemn  owsrtrtrtrtit official occupy la begins occupation october 1st city hallrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstnyc excited  denver 1st official  denverga 7pm tonight near  colfax broadway
disagree  search returning hundreds tweets min  current trending topics. compare.  occupywallstreetrtlive coverage: occupywallstreet  80 arrested released returning liberation square   ourwallstreetrtpeople arrested earlier released  returning  libertysquare  occupywallstreetlive coverage: occupywallstreet  80 arrested released returning liberation square   ourwallstreetwow. rtreturning somalia 20 byafter 20yrs don  worse. africa (t.i.a). returning somalia 20martha stewart busted returning call. crashed burned economy? bonuses wtf   occupywallstreettalented somali musicians writes ny times returning somalia 20   somalia  diasporartmarchers returning  libertysquare  occupywallstreetthanks concern man.  philly.  seriously considering returning bullshit.the project returning occupy wall streetthe project returning occupy wall street   occupywallstreet  nypd  solidarityno  philly moment.  returning  libertyplaza tuesdayi returning nyc tuesday. ll pay visit. :)rtrtthe project returning occupy wall street   occupywallstreet  nypd  solidarityanother moving article famine  beautifully written. "returning somalia 20 years"   famine  somaliartrtthe project returning occupy wall street    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpeople arrested earlier released  returning  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtthe project returning occupy wall street    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetmarchers returning  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtwould announce victory  substantial increase press waiting downtown returning protestors. congrats  ourwallstreet
rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatswall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threats violent clash marching the...rtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtnyt suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatswall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threats violent clash marching the...nypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.study inoculation science “wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.rtwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsyou re quoting nypd. prob. don threats not. doing pr.nypd threats. threats. told this. sum up?rtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.rtprotestas en wall street.“wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threats
rtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrteveryone watch scrubbed  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreet
yep  oct15  occupybaystreet babyrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtah  please welcome  occupy memberourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdor  cdnpoli  occupycanada  owsrtplease follow&now   cdnpoli  cndpoli  canpoli  toronto  vancouver  ourwallstreet  occupycanadartoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtmore coverage  occupywallstreet    occupycanadart"observations jailed journalist   occupywallstreet"  ourwallstreet  cdnpoli  occupycanadartoccupycanada cuz govt privatizes wealth socializing debt  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  cdnpoli  canpolirtplease follow&now   cdnpoli  cndpoli  canpoli  toronto  vancouver  ourwallstreet  occupycanadartoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrtget   solidarity  occupytoronto  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupychicago  occupybaystreet  takethesquarertoccupycanada cuz govt privatizes wealth socializing debt  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  cdnpoli  canpolirtif wish join  occupyvancouver followcdnpoli  canpoli  occupycanada  ourwallstreet  occupytogetherrtif wish join  occupyvancouver followcdnpoli  canpoli  occupycanada  ourwallstreet  occupytogetherrterm 64  welcomeandoccupywallstreet  takethestreetrtand  have:) welcome.  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupyamerica  occupycanadathat calls vodka breakfast.  onlysortofkidding  harperaspm  cdnpoli  occupycanadarttwo amazingly inspiring videos    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupycanada  usdor  occupyusartrttwo amazingly inspiring videos    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupycanada  usdor  occupyusaty 2 vids    =)    occupywallstreet   occupycanada   usdorrt:)  occupywallstreet  occupycanada  usdor
rt"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reportsrtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toortunconfirmed reports  nypd "getting sick" reporting work.  occupywallstreet  nyunionrt"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reportsrtjulie pepper sprayed 12th university 5 people. reports nypd targeted women.  owsrtrtunconfirmed reports 100s people arrived overnight  middle aged people  unsure  … (cont)rtunconfirmed reports  nypd "getting sick" reporting work.  occupywallstreet  nyunionrtif wish help nyc  indignados  follow hashtag  needsoftheoccupiers users&takewallstreetrtif wish help nyc  indignados  follow hashtag  needsoftheoccupiers users&takewallstreetrtremember follow  needsoftheoccupiers wish help somehow fellow citizens  takewallstreet.  solidarity stay strongrt"unconfirmed reports mace "?nypd  crackdown  occupy wall street    luke rudkowski reports     viacarlotta gall reports pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanslooking ahead economic reports week week’s reports include home sales august  s.&....rtreports live frm  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtlive coverage  occupywallstreet  corporate media ignores protest  reader supported news reports eventsrt"unconfirmed reports 100 cops refused solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toocheck video    nypd  crackdown  occupy wall street    luke rudkowski reports  viapeaceful women maced nyc protest   australian news reports :)  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtlive coverage  occupywallstreet  corporate media ignores protest  reader supported news reports
rtit 100 hundred protestors arrested mention thetakewallstreet journalism dead.rtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet   opinion   al jazeera english  viajournalism  news  p2mtbravofor letter editor abouthack journalism  occupywallstreet   p2at time believed real journalism  longer. cover egypt nyc?  occupywallstreet u.rtre reply towhy cover  occupywallstreet grows? merit professional journalism is?rtlastly  university students  journalism especially  colleges/univ… (cont)rtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet   opinion   al jazeera english  viajournalism  news  p2rtlastly  university students  journalism especially  colleges/univ… (cont)thanks follow  professor. :) journalism dept contacts? looking score press passes.rt"real journalism publishing else published   rest public relations."   orwellcombating piss poor journalism apparent  newspaper recordrtchris hedges speaking live livestream.com/globalrevolution  occupywallstreetthank  occupywallstreet    fuck corporate media abandoning journalism profit.   fascismrtit 100 hundred protestors arrested mention thetakewallstreet journalism dead.cover  occupywallstreet practicing  journalism  fail  democracyisintroublethecalls guy "nut" names band witness in. strange journalism.a fascinating story  sad.  mexico  twitter facebook information survival   journalismbravofor letter editor regarding thebullshit hack journalism.rtthe revolution livestreamed nyt won cover   occupywallst  ourwallstreet  journalismrtcolumbia journalism review 60 minutes  meet the(and  nypd reporting)rt*applause* forthe photographer  ourwallstreet featured by. set
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherein speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerthe price cheap  food | disinformation  /nytimesrtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetnypd searches anti gay assault robbery suspectjust reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  read“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetrtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtnypd answerrtoccupywallstreet propane conversion kit honda eu200i generator. provide this?  usdoriran religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  francertwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordoccupywallstreet fucking consumer richs    nd protest justice  usa  takewallstreet
patrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...kenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. freakishrtyou re run   nytimes.com   marathonrt2 hours  3 mins  38 secs. nytimes kenyan sets world record winning berlin marathonrtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ... lauren ...rtnew world  marathon record patrick makau  2:03:38 berlinrtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile    try running 4:45 mile  deadlykenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile    try running 4:45 mile  deadlykenyan sets world record berlin marathon  rain  socks bunching shoes  makau won ...olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ... lauren johnston gold medal o...kenyan sets world record berlin marathon accident sunday makau ran unimpeded  arms swin...kenyan sets world record berlin marathon   york timeskenyan sets  world  record  berlin  marathonkenyan sets world record berlin marathon paula radcliffe england  women world record holder  ran he..."in dreams  am kenyan" congrats   running  marathon   patrick makau sets world record berlinkenyan runner sets record boston marathon previous record holder unable finish famous race. ...2 hours  3 mins  38 secs. 4:43/mi. fast. kenyan sets world record winning berlin marathonbest line "this marathon  sprint hamster wheel"
rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtjournalist author chris hedges  speaking  occupywallstreet "the method left reform civil disobedience."  owsoccupy wall street citizen journalists keeping honest   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  npr  cbs  reutershave checked freelancejournalists looking for?la chine détient un journaliste qui dénonce une sordide histoire esclavage sexuel   china  incroyablemaisvrairtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.rtremember "good days" real journalists news? disappointed inoccupywallst  globalrevolutionrtobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.rtoccupy wall street citizen journalists keeping honest   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  npr  cbs  reutersrt"observations jailed journalist   occupywallstreet"  ourwallstreet  cdnpoli  occupycanadartobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.rtoccupywallst   law student & journalist arrested civil disobedience ii video documentation    ows  ourwallstreetrtare journalist friends live york media told talk  occupywallstreet   occupywallst ???rtgreat read ~ "detained  occupywallst" rutgers student & journalist  occupywallstreetrtprove journalist cover  occupywallstreet.rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrt  takewallstreet  ows   globalrevolution   singer  journalist  women  creative  urtare journalist friends live york media told talk  occupywallstreet   occupywallst ???start becoming journalist yourself. record phone  occupywallstreeti uploaded avideo   occupywallst   law student   journalist arrested civil
rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts & coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtheywe haz donuts    expect     occupywallstreet  opshadowrtheywe haz donuts    expect     occupywallstreet  opshadowrtheywe haz donuts    expect     occupywallstreet  opshadowrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rotfl rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nicerttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet chicago police commander brings occupy chicago hot coffee & donuts ...
rtfdny passed liberty plaza honking horns fists air  solidarity   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17a pro democracy movement bornwhere defining act dissent human bullhorn   cornelwestyou human bullhorn crowd atas act redemption 90s  grammleachbliley  neoliberalismrtnyfd truck drove  honking horns  cheering  throwing fists air   occupywallstreetrtrtfdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtsteampunk emma goldman () arrested  occupywallstreet.rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank them… (cont)the  nypd mistake. don fuck hornets  nest.  massarrests  pepperspray  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtmoving account  naan visit homeland  somalia  famine  drought  hornofafricartan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17lovin horns atright  livestream.com/globalrevolution  musicisarevolutionrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtnypdthankyou  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtak...rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17
product public schoolsrtmubarak style police crackdown wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  tcotthe american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksrtplz help 4 public awareness stop  nypd thugs frm violating citizens constitutional right2protest   occupywallstreetrtrtas uniformed public servant  commend  occupywallstreet protesters  nyc… (cont)rtper court appeals 1st amendment film police officers public     occupywallstreetdanks book marked link re; facebook read later; google track everywhere; searchs; deletesomc yikes  confidential; am rid gmail; apparently formhongkong trying break injust commuication via facebook friends/and furfriends here. email via cable company secure.should one.his mom gonna try video tape properly. wait loldank  wlf express grattitude all. wonderful loving group; bond breakyes nemesisrupblic   wlf xxxoxxxappreciateyesys mr. tibbs/nemesisr didn guys nows peachy ovrbwill  plavix; roll butter too. log paw wave  ya  wlfyou vip; judge consideration.rtrtdogs brazil  viadogs brazil  rentand movin… (cont)rtlikud republican alliance   wwiii scenario? launching strike  iran   israel  wwiii  usdor  syriartour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtch34  public post40k+ views fags.  theworldiswatching  /v  fss34
rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherepatrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.rtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtoccupywallstreet   interview woman arrested yesterday  viaheadlinesrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetone citizen vote dollarusdor corporate person hood.  1citizen1vote1dollar  1c1v1drttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.rttomorrow morning busy day  libertysquarertmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...could boycott economy day? buy  respond  occupywallstreetrtnypd sending police lower manhattan. tactical plan  watch  occupywallstreet livertoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreet
rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responselet hope students disobey. fliers circulating today?rtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.occupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <guest10558> hope time (cont)rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterprotests nyc 8th day    occupywallstreet ‘where hope america lies’ |   sept17  oct6  usdor  newswhat exciting time  hope ny stay passionate peaceful. empower   occupywallstbeautiful video thx toabout process fantastic  occupywallstreet movement. hope...rtaje protesters hoped  wallstreet sit  version  tahrir sq police cracked  occupywallst  menamichael moore mentioned occupy wall st cnn.  hopeitspreadslikewildfirebear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...rays hope alive  beat yanks 5 2 monday night game little postseason tune the...bear web star feared killed hunter researchers fear hunter killed black bear named hope b...rtmtsome protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitteri hope people violated sue shit  nypd. shame youoccupywallstreet
rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtdo expect corporate media report folks protestin… (cont).andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupyla  owsrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetbrother west  words thegeneral assembly  spirited & beautiful sign solidarity w/real folksrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartheythe arrest media team strategy ain  invented it. pay everytime arrest  occupywallst folks.rtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreethey folks   followand join fb     occupynj  usdor  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet pls rthelp folks  follow follow followtakewallstreet  occupyphx  takewallstreet  pls rtrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartfolks  happened today. enormous  nypd pressure  nonviolent activists wo… (cont)rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartoccupywallstreet warm  folks. special admire you.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  america  usa sleep <3rtlove & encouragement  ourwallstreet folks am. pictures  share video  chatter; media  occupywallstreetrtok. shout folks nyc. ve cry pride.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetsmart folks likelike   occupywallstreet by& dumb people  youll it
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolihappen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylaplease update soon  terriblertmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nyc
rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtunfortunately nypd holding bad ones.rtrtmy video somali famine  reported dadaab   helpyesterday  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tour guide holding flag lead tourists camp picturesnyt "not smart cities:"  pegasus holdings build medium size town nm desert populated entirely robots.rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtthe media trying hold false move  portray negative view  ourwallstreet takingsingle mothers scapegoats britain   stuff usual katrin bennhold tribbaobab touted nextsuperfood african fruit fromtree life ... household name  a...king abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...king abdullah saudi arabia women vote  hold elected office saudi king abdullah announced wi...grodin oh baby  nice infant store day  mother holding he...rtusps labor  union  occupywallst rtpostal service employees hold rallies nationwide   washington postso gop claim 47% households pay federal taxes basically bullshitno desk duty cops guilty  policebrutality hold bologna responsible  nypd    ows  occupywallstreet  anonymous[…]rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitteras welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks p...rtrtnypd commandeers public bus hold protesters      ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  cdnpolifighters enter qaddafi stronghold surt  libya  toll risesnew york tropical storm gone  evacuation holdsnew york timesfollowfor...  apartmentsrtrtnypd commandeers public bus hold protesters      ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  cdnpoli
rtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops homertoccupywallstreet  foxnews. getting secret.rtfixed link "the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet " arun guptartok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstflood victims getting fed congress darlene swithers pennsylvania resident home severely ...iconic protester/got knees/screamed bank4 taking’ parents home?  p2takewallstreet  liar liar pants on..rtwhat cheaper  eating out?rtgreatgraphic cost fast food vs homertman fired stray bullet killed 92 grandma own home senten..rtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtthe surrender daily   ? top stories viarthomeland security makes appearance  occupywallstreet  viap2  usdorgohomefool(s)occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  nypdi?nyrtokay ll heading home  tomorrow revolution  nice day  occupywallstreet  usdorwhoop friggin   nowoccupywallstreet i?nyno  wasn   occupywallstreet  gohomefool(s)why maced wall street protests   pastebin.com   occupywallstreet  protestors  gohomefooloccupywallstreet  fail  gohomefoolrtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops homewhen nadia nazmin safe completed queens townhall / moved out.  homeless  occupywallst lolwe solar panel    + inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdor messege details
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17day 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetanthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreethey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetrtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtnypd pins  mace peaceful female protesters pls      takewallstreetamerican police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnell"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreet  occupychi  occ ...rtretweet tellto call national guard protect peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters nypd  p2rt?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreet???????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? arrests peaceful  occupywallstreet  protesters continue. don   ourwallstreetrtinternal nypd rift aggressive tactics peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters?       opesr  usdor  a99internal  nypd rift  aggressive  tactics  peaceful  ourwallstreet protesters?  via  giabo  opesrrtrt  occupywallstreet day 7 marchpeacefulrtlegal info fr.  nlg  sept17 peaceful occupation  wallstreet   nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli“video awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable."  john f. kennedy  occupywallstreetnypd officers peaceful protester concussion  occupywallstreet..   corporategreed  antibanks
rtrtoccupywallstreet coming las vegas    ows  usdor  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet october 6th people las vegas gather protest  occupylasvegas  occupytogetherrtoccupylasvegas  occupywallstreet grouppage  likepage  google+… (cont)rtoccupyamerica  occupylasvegas  occupyatlanta  occupyaustin  occupyfdsf  occupyla  occupyportland  occupywallstreet  occupy_boston ect. joinrtit official las vegas way. andrtoccupylasvegas   usdorrtit official las vegas way. andrtoccupywallstreet october 6th people las vegas gather protest  occupylasvegas  occupytogetherrtoccupylasvegas  occupywallstreet grouppage  likepage  google+… (cont)rtit official las vegas way. andj.lo lap dance las vegas clubrtit official las vegas way. andcommunity infrastructure term occupation  readrtit official las vegas way. andoccupywallstreet coming las vegas   nevada viewrtoccupywallstreet coming las vegasoccupywallstreet coming las vegas    occupylvegasrtit official las vegas way. andis machine oceans thirteen vegas? rtsecond ave subway reaches "boring" milestoneoccupywallstreet coming las vegas reprinted permission regina bailey movement ...rtit official las vegas way. and
snooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s...brutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.com  sopranos afghanistan warrtattacking obesity epidemic figuring cause   nytimes.com   health  wellness  paleo  primalinternet breathes life clock radio   nytimes.comspending entertainment charity   nytimes.com spending entertainment charity. catheri...rtin afghanistan  assassination door   nytimes.commexico twitter facebook information survival   nytimes.comrtyou re run   nytimes.communich exhibition highlights carlo mollino   nytimes.comprotesters gunning wall street  faulty aim   nytimes.comis junk food cheaper?   nytimes.coma negro league own 2011   nytimes.comvia verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules   nytimes.comlysistrata jones  cast basketball practice   nytimes.comcouple  16 pregnant  arrested arkansas   nytimes.com2 annas    netrebko  bolena  conquers met   nytimes.commichael jackson doctor trial singer death   nytimes.comousted taymor continues support  spider    nytimes.comalabama inmate sues read southern history book   nytimes.comin relaunch  headmaster debuts   nytimes.combook review   geeks inherit earth   alexandra robbins   nytimes.com
rt"rtmy report foronand mass arrests.   occupywallstreetrtthere  occupywallstreet story brutal arrests. press look closer.rtrtmy report foronand mass arrests.   occupywallstreetrt"rtmy report foronand mass arrests.   occupywallstreetrtrtraindrops  occupywallstreet. tents police order. 2 arrests.  takewallstreet march on.rt"rtmy report foronand mass arrests.   occupywallstreet80  occupywallstreet arrests... freedom  people. end...rtthis 5 minutes mass  occupywallst arrests. nypd nets fence demonstratorsrtcops getting nets mass arrests. stay strong. own streets   occupywallstreet pls rtmta buses requisitioned  nypd earlier  unionsquare march mass arrests.  unfuckingbelievable.  angry.  words.rtrtmy report foronand mass arrests.   occupywallstreetrtthere  occupywallstreet story brutal arrests. press look closer.rtrtwall street protesters social media broadcast arrests. story  examples   ows"there approximately 80 arrests..."    nypd dep. comr. paul browne  browne bkgnd   sep17get world outraged  nypd arrests. arrest vids/footage world.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  nycit breaks heart media cares arrests.  peaceful protest deserves attention.rtget world outraged  nypd arrests. arrest vids/footage world.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  nycrtrtthere  occupywallstreet story brutal arrests. press look closer.   cnnrtcops unrolling orange nets broadway mass arrests.  libertyplaza  occupywallstover 1000 people union square arrests.  occupywallstreettensions rise mass arrests.  occupywallstreet
in arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerin arizona accent hinder teacher’s career  serious? 4get arizona belonged mexico?rtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerbats vote m.v.p.  question upton  arizona…  excitingads  cabrerain  arizona  complaints  accent hinder  teacher’s careeroccupywallstreet remember happend?  bc watching arizona absolutely hilarious.  caringin race bottom  arizona takes lead. arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerrtarizona "accent police" accent hinder teacher career   latism  educationrtin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careercan  arizona mexico please?   teaparty  racismnytimes arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s career  definitely don teach english“tea party scandal explodes arizona recall election   p2  topprog  ourwallstreetin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s careerin arizona  complaints accent hinder teacher’s career  rtazin  arizona  complaints…an accent hinder teacher’s career  visiting  schwarzenegger regarded?  sb1070rtarizona "accent police" accent hinder teacher career   latism  education
rtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet protests enter 11th day|cnn| wall street protests enter 11th day    la egypt ourwallstreet usdor occupywallstreet ny nyc nj usa dw uk gb europertmaking noise twitter style using  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet addstorm mediartcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreetmichael moore cnn talking capitalism  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtthere actual  news happening  nyc pls cover  occupywallstreetrtbe wear masks covering block pig photo biometeric recordings mass arrests attending wallstreet>>> occupywallstreet <<<<<< time.      opwallstreet  cnn  bbc  cbs  abcrtoccupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morningrtdozens arrested 8th day  occupy wall street  protests   cnn   takewallstreet  p2rthey cnn  bring cameras live protest?  occupywallstreetpls tell  nypd stop brutality  wall street protesters educated  employed & angrymarc adler letter  occupywallstreet americans & progressive  mediaunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    usa  uk  cnn  bah  hrw  canadaunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    cnn  bbc  hrw  news  bah  gccrtcrazy  justify egypt & nycrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreetrt“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsrtshout 2for telling cnn     alldayallweekoccupywallstreet
rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)rtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersneedsoftheoccupiers needed?rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreethelp  occupywallstreet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool. ride   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiershelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...rtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtif lives able  people warm stay temporarily recuperate.  needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetin speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerrtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreeticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreeticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet propane conversion kit honda eu200i generator. provide this?  usdorrtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetoccupywallst meaning life stop stupid consumer nd protest wallstreetiran religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  francertoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.rtdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedoccupywallstreet consumer . citizen    justice nd protestoccupywallstreet fucking consumer richs    nd protest justice  usa  takewallstreetrtfilm examines challenging economics facing teachersrt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.economic collapse  financial manipulation dollar crisis   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtconsensus met designating shifts throughout night  getting vehicles sleep  occupychii support of.  ? is; change blood? don 99% wil… (cont)
police brutality caught camera  cops knees necks  punching protestors   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops homertoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.rtliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallst viaoccupywallstreetmama  mama noise cops shot girls boys.fuhgeddaboud  plea deal  17 cops indicted ticket fixing rocco parascandola  kevin deutsch and...nypd cops caught dirty dancing west indian day paradertoccupywallstreet   arrests social media  violent protests  cops chaos.rtit nice wake sidewalks heavily lined cops.  libertypark  occupywallstreetbe careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.rt?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreetto call ruthless  dirty cops "pigs" insult pigs.  nypd  worse wild boars.rtexclusive 100 cops involved nypd ticket fixing probe « cbs yorkrtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtnew pinac post msnbc lawrence donnell criticizes nypd cops aggressors  occupywallstreetrtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.nypd cop berates  threatens citizen photographing 9/11 memorial   photographysad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rta request   occupywallstreet protesters chorus sing rolling deep adele cops & bankers?perfect protest song   ourwallstreetrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtcops getting aggressive @ madison & st james. water drinks  bring &   occupywallstreet
rthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.rtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.rtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.ty cpd professional nypd. kindess won unheardrtchicago help  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago aloneows  takewallstreetrtrtthe cpd finally stopped about. day ...rthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.rthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.rtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.rthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.rtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.rtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.rtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.chicago help  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago aloneows  takewallstreetchicago help  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago  ourwalstreetows  takewallstreet rtrtoccupywallstreet 99% movement spreads usa   introducing  occupytogether       a99  usdor  opesrrthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.if  occupypublicsquare/downtownlakewood  cpd pepper spray?  occupyclevelandrthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.thankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.rtthankful cpd isn taking approach nypd.
rtholy shit watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtnypd chasing runaway horse  incident control  horse stopped @ 115th & riverside >only in.. guess happens everywherewonder running. mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse   horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.there home =) lol rtnypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control."messi chasing history" nytimesrtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stoppedfwdmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stopped 115  ...um rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse...incident control horse stopped 115 st & riverside dr.rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control ...fb mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse incident control horse stopped 115 st & riverside dri <3 ny rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control th… (cont)ha  love nyc // rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse.manhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.chasing report bldg demolition st. nick & 125 harlem collapsed onto city bus.right outside apt bldg...mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse. horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.time sleep sounds nypd chasing crack dealersrtrtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident ...rtnypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse stopped 115 st & riverside dr...oh...good. rtrtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident controlrt...oh...good. rtrtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  now...rtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control horse (cont)
rtmanukyan dancing speaking  rally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevanrtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan ?????????? ?????????? ??????? ? ?? ?????? ????????? ?????????rtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan  armenia zurabyan speakingrtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan  armenia people relatives rallyrtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan ?????????? ??????? ?????????rtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan ???????rtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan ?????? ?????????? ??????? ????????  ?? ???????? ?rtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan  armenia manukyan talks futere plansrtzurabyan begins speaking  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan  rally  armeniartrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan ?????? ???? ?? ?? ??? ?? ????? ??? ??? ?? ????? ?????????? ?? ?????? ??????rtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan ????????? ????????? ???? ???????rtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan ?????????? ???? ??? ??? ????rtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan  armenia ??? ?? ?? ??? ???? ??rtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan liberty square dirty bcoz rallyrtrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan  armenia ?????? ???????? ?????????` ?????? ???????? ?????? ????????? ?????? ???? ???????????? ?? ??????? ?????? ?????? ????????   armenia  revolution  rally  libertysquare  28octrtzurabyan feel mentor people sargsyan  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan  rally  armeniartrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan  armenia ?????????? ?????? ?  ????? ????? ? ???????? ??????rt?????????? ????? ??????  ???? ??? ????  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan  rally  armeniartrally  libertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan ?????????? ?? ? ??? ???????rtlibertysquare  28oct  opposition  yerevan  rally  armenia ?????????? ?????????????? ? ?????????
rtremember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreetrtnypd... sfpd. harmed ruthless tactics speak meet rights.. threaten you?denverusdor  occupydenver  usdor  anonymousrt“remember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreet”rtthats  occupywallstreet that. jealousy class warfare.rtbecause illegal wear mask nyc  wall street ceos staying offices  occupywallstreetrtremember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreeton liberty street  revolution   iwilloccupy corporate personhood & hold criminal ceos accountable  takewallstreet  sep17  owsrthey ya hear that?  coffee  occupywallstreet    globalrevolution livert.ofreports  occupywallstreet forthis morningrtrt  peaceful female protestors penned street maced    occupywallstreet   youtube  send viral    send viralend game  ny union governor faceoff | york daily newsceo solyndra brian harrison  former head intel nm:"krugman solyndra scandalnyt corner office   ceo ofdavid barger leadership  hiring  managerrtofficial  twitter  nypd ismake hear world actions  occupywallstreetgreat  leadership lessons fromceo including "would report yourself?"initforthelonghaul rtand  raised eyebrow. rti bringing (gently used) presents. ^_^rtviahandy palm card   demonstrating nyc    occupywallstreet  rightsoccupywallstreet "lockheed martin ceo social security check" ericallenbell.org    usdorplease  occupywallstreet "lockheed  ceo social security check" ericallenbell.org ning.it/q9kzmm  usdorplease  occupywallstreet "lockheed  ceo social security check" ericallenbell.org ning.it/q9kzmm  usdor
rtheyyou rent damn join  occupywallstreet  info >>rtthe official twitter handle nypdoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupyphilly gained support teamster chapters philadelphia harrisburg  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtrtdozens  occupy wall street  protesters arrested   occupywallstreet  owsmediartwatching modern day hippies getting pepper sprayed & beat nypd  hilarious.it funnycd   post blackness?  isn postmodern?when dictionary outrage * wonder modern lexicon   fbwhat happens handcuffs friend bedroom? guide modern snooping. nyt columnrtthe official twitter handle nypdoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetmodern brides splurging accessories  dress field notes  rarities... fine jewelry 4urtthe official twitter handle nypdoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetplaying mid century modernism considering gloomy financial prognosis chastened italy  ...playing mid century modernism collection mr. simons sent jil sander milan wee...video manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasedoes sensationalism modern politics scare potentially candidates? nyt column“does sensationalism modern politics scare potentially candidates? nyt columnrtthe official twitter handle nypdoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtsingle gals   read    rtfor single ladies sometimes it’s  math   modern lovehow kickass security system apartment campus   modernsometimes it’s  math modern loveit appears occupational hazard. single modern f1 driver dying race. safety god now.
nypd anti terrorism squad equipped planesnypd equipped planes ten sept. 11 attacks world trade center  police commi...nypd equipped planes_______  rtsmh rtnypd equipped planesrtnypd equipped planesstay hell nyc airspace re black pilot   rtnypd equipped planesnypd equipped planes ten sept. 11 attacks world trade center  police commi...rtnypd equipped planesi ll remember kennedy. rtnypd equipped planeswhat???  nypd anti terrorism squad equipped planesnypd equipped planesnypd equipped planesnypd equipped planesnypd anti terrorism squad equipped planes  (via)nypd equipped planesray’s flight fancy nypd equipped shoot red baron al qaeda. police commissione...rtnypd equipped planes  shoot innocent ppl ll shoot innocent planes smhnypd anti terrorism squad equipped planes   york daily news   policenewsrtnypd police plane needed...  reassuring   police/para military equipped task rtrtnypd police plane needed...  reassuring   police/para military equipped task rtrtnypd anti terrorism squad equipped planes joe kemp commissioner ray kelly tha...
rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtmtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtwe 99 percent   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalassembly  zuccottipark  bethemediazuccottipark protestors fighting safeguard union   stoppolicebrutality  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  endfascismrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparksome pictures fun  zuccottipark   occupywallst; don  perk up.rtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtwe 99 percent   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalassembly  zuccottipark  bethemediartrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottipark
rtforgiving student loan debt provide immediate jolt economy.   occupywallstreet  occupyla“this  occupywallstreet country wall street fills debt panel coffersrtrapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abuses...thelma louise baby. “wall st. protesters visit susan sarandon  (cont)floyd norris explains leverage cash flow. sovereign debt  cash flow repaid.   financertpaul krugman idiot guide history macroeconomic science 1960soccupy wall street   tweet student loan debt medical debdopey ebt vid booted youtube  mr. ebt  card youtube  either.rt5k+ signatures obama recognize  occupywallstreet 10k+ corporate personhood. 18k+ forgiving student loan debtwhy american dream debt house  happiness apartment?  occupywallstreet  moneyismiseryrtmy reason  occupywallstreet kids country wont pay debt didn causertoccupycanada cuz govt privatizes wealth socializing debt  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  cdnpoli  canpoliebt spin conservative  win win conservatives save w/his cronies.ebt spin conservative  win win conservatives save w/his cronies.iwilloccupy bc weve jobs & bad compensation  corps care abt human & banks $off endebting evry1  occupywallstdefends video parody welfare abuses (i wasn aware otherwise)   tcot  teaparty  p2  tlotmr. ebt sets record straight  via www.nydailynews.com york daily news tracked mr. ebt  guy...former sallie mae board whistle blows  studentloandebt ~corruption~tlot  tcot  occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  obama2012video ripped conservatives  rapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abusesdopey ebt vid booted youtube  mr. ebt  card youtube  either.rtoccupycanada cuz govt privatizes wealth socializing debt  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  cdnpoli  canpoli
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rteuro zone death tripsnooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s..."eat bankers" occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquazachary chesser  threatened south park creators   viartmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreetrtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsfollowing  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info41staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallstrtgps hollywood sign beaten pathrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet via
occupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usartoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.write letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanks  libertyplazartwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibankspepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtscathing. ginia bellafante writes  occuppywallstreet "lack cohesion" & "wish pantomime progressivism"rtcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this.rtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibankswrite paper money  occupywallstreet permanent marker. please retweetrtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanksrtpepper spray video outraging news writers.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanksarchitecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesny times art news frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81 mr. driggs  writer  histo...ny times art news architecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules via verde  i...via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules   nytimes.comfrank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81 mr. driggs  writer  historian record pr...rtwrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywall… (cont)rtlove torontotaketoronto  occupywallst join 99%  ford … (cont)
“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorlauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes 2007 european tourrtdozens arrested 8th day  occupy wall street  protests   cnn   takewallstreet  p2lauryn hill sued allegedly stealing clothes  am surprised?  hiphoprtsan francisco nudity restrictions provoke nakedly ambitiousrtnypd reportedly targeting photographers occupation wall street    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetnypd reportedly targeting photographers  occupywallstreetrtrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtedl  andreaurbanfox  wlf >< harassing >< why? decided i`m (cont)lauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes ...   fashionlauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes ... sashana maitland lauryn hill ...rti wantto  occupywallstreet promote  getmoneyout pls  ows  ourwallstreet  1u  ctl  p2rtwall street’s reaction protests   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rti smell cunt? phew   edlrtsan francisco nudity restrictions provoke nakedly ambitiousrtnypd cop allegedly pepper sprayed wall street protester unsettling past   occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  oct6rtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtrt100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreetrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtnypd reportedly targeting photographers occupation wall street  takewallstreet  via
rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica1staid4  teargas  justincase go2rtgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtsleep wellrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallpls follow support spread word aboutoccupyamerica  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericafiat currency endgame us.  occupyfdsf  occupyphoenix  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  occupyspokane  occupysf  fuckyouwashingtonart hair styles lovato hair salon phoenix   (602) 274 3675 information lovato ha...rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartnow time ppl 2 2 aid countries.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyla  occupyphoenix  occupynolartfood feeds  profit bleeds   antibanks  productivity  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyphoenixrtoccupywallstreetrtand love you.  anonluv <3rtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartwethepeople  occupychicago  occupyoregon   occupyhouston  occupyperth  occupyphoenix   occupycleveland  ourwallstreet   occupytogethergood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtsolidarity  thx 4 nyclu hard  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyla  occupyphoenix  occupydenver  occupychi  occupyfdsf

occupywallstreet  series tv  nypdboosrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012can tix this? jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012can tix 2 this?jay plans eightconcert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtphoto series  occupywallstreet crackdown  bunch recognize there. hope guys okay.occupywallstreet beautiful series photos seen   peace lovertjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012ahh jealous   “jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012yankees takes win 2011 world series  despite starting pitching woes. john harper (ny daily news)
rtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupychicago  creative sleeping assistance.  vans parked nearby  $ hostel. ceding groundrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtrttweet reason 2  iwilloccupy & top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetthis feelings. sleeping park 500 people. sweet dreams  occupywallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtwall street protest protesters freedom movement nyc cairo >75 arrested  sleeping gear bannedrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreeti sleeping bag. sleep. cig.  occupywallstreet.rtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtthis feelings. sleeping park 500 people. sweet dreams  occupywallstreetcome  occupywallstreet  spare sleeping bag :phumid rainy morning  libertyplaza. sleeping bag soaked through.  occupywallstreet
rtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycgovs don’t rule world goldman sachs trader  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   p2rtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "thertbrother word... protest  don stigmatized.  occupywallst coverage  sequel  madisonrtdon censor usoccupywallstreetrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsi support of.  ? is; change blood? don 99% wil… (cont)rti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (shame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  viasuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...occupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21american police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnellrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtbroadcasts wall street occupation  anonymous  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  susan sarandon  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.
“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)could dr. oz related? rt12 arrested sales illegal pesticides chinatown\dr. cornell west don afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  usdor  ows  p2  topprog  diggblog post dr. cornell west  "don afraid revolution"   occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  digg  p2rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  takewallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  takewallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetmariel moshiri psychiatrist @ bellevue dr. halper  occupywallstreet  usdor  torurertdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.i don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtclick hashtag  bro  rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform./ securities/equities markets taxed  prosecuted  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  usdorrti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.“i don  occupywallst  securities/equities markets reform.” ok 1% <3urti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.i ll it. rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.
rt"bronx 2239 story ave pedestrian struck aided doa. vehicle fled scene. nypd hwy ais scene ai."rt"bronx pitman ave & murdock ave male shot doa hospital. crime scene established."rt"queens sutphin blvd & archer ave car hit bucket truck  worker fell doa scene. nypd hwy ais scene."rt"brooklyn macdougal st & saratoga ave male stabbed 4 times  victim doa scene. active crime scene."shit crazy rtbrooklyn paerdegat 4 st & paerdegat pedestrian struck aided pronounced doa hospitalsmh rtbrooklyn 730 rockaway ave  3 people shot. doa scene. level 1 mobilization regards. active crime scene.smhhhh “brooklyn 1506 ocean ave female shot doa scene. crime scene established. 1:00:53 pm”"/ smh “manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.”smhrtbrooklyn greene ave male shot transported traumatic arrest. aided doa woodhull hospital. crime scene establishedsmh rtbrooklyn 1506 ocean ave female shot doa scene. crime scene established. 1:00:53 pmrtbrooklyn 1506 ocean ave female shot doa scene. crime scene established. 1:00:53 pmrtbronx pitman ave & murdock ave male shot doa hospital. crime scene established.damn rtrtbronx pitman ave & murdock ave male shot doa hospital. crime scene established.shit crazy rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.shit  rtbrooklyn macdougal st & saratoga ave male stabbed 4 times  victim doa scene. active crime scene.rtbrooklyn paerdegat 4 st & paerdegat pedestrian struck aided pronounced doa hospital  nypd ais scene doing investigation.smh sheesh rtbrooklyn macdougal st & saratoga ave male stabbed 4 times  victim doa scene. active crime scene.rtbrooklyn 974 greene ave male shot transported traumatic arrest. aided doa woodhull hospital. crime scene establishertrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.sad. rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.
"it wail st."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows| sport| patrick makau sets  world record  berlin     nj dc uk gb kenya dw malawi nigeria ethiopia la europe txrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneed hand warmers  clean dry socks  clean tshirts  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takethesquarertwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtraining jersey. stay dry brothers sistersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtas dry heat spikes texas wildfire threat  somelessons australia    world fire pronertneed hand warmers  clean dry socks  clean tshirts  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takethesquarertwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe tents  chicago ordinance. tarps dry clothes towels good.  needsoftheoccupiers.  occupychirtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneed hand warmers  clean dry socks  clean tshirts  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takethesquaremtrtjust spent night rain. soaked. dry ...rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersneed hand warmers  clean dry socks  clean tshirts  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takethesquarertwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtpicture day aerial view pakistani farmers drying chilli crop
rtfbi arrests suspected lulzsec anonymous hackers   anonymous   freex   takewallstreetsigh  am sorry. lou.gov hacked s. koreans  people hackers boundariesrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersanonymous hackers release alleged pepper spray nypd officer personal info ~ thn  hacker news  viacompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersin semi related story stopping cellphone hackers   business personal   york timesrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersnypd  arrested homeless hackers  anonymous : ))rtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtsecurity  infosec ? anonymous hackers release alleged pepper spray nypd officer personal… ...rtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrta close  mobile security andreports "for hackers  lock pick:"rtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackerscompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtmobile phones frontier  hackers (& companies  security business)   hackingfor hackers  lock pickrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackersnytimes companies opportunity stopping cellphone hackers nyti.ms/ nux4snrtcompanies opportunity stopping cellphone hackers
private jet industry "about third flights empty"rtrtnbc york reporting private owners park  occupywallst leave day twotime buy starve private banking cartels.nbc york reporting private owners park  occupywallst leave day twortrtnbc york reporting private owners park  occupywallst leave day twortny police *outlaws* peaceful protest prohibiting camping private park  occupywallstreet nypd violent & repressive.fly private jet  public prices   nytimes.com  viaprivate school fights tutoring firm tactic followfor york breaking news headlines. riverda...rt police eject  occupywallst protesters  notice allowed camp "private property". viaabc7be careful  abc7tv nypd notices vacate park "private land". guys inspiring  hope grows changertnbc york reporting private owners park  occupywallst leave day twothe demand by&should simple rescind private run banks print money.rtus  eu sanctions private media sector  syria beyond ridiculous   kill source exposes acts. usdorrtnbc york reporting private owners park  occupywallst leave day twolibertyplaza rtnbc york reporting  private owners park  occupywallst leave day twortprivate security 3 entrances wall st. replaced nypd. occupy  (as xe)  occupywallstreet“nypd reminded avoid improper marijuana arrests  weed heads rejoice. privately course.how unaccountable private contractors pocket tax dollars militarizing texas border t.co/tzztg68d  occupywallstreetus  eu sanctions private media sector  syria beyond ridiculous   kill source exposes acts. usdorrtus  eu sanctions private media sector  syria beyond ridiculous   kill source exposes acts. usdorfly private jet  public prices
rtlots women released  snacking sandwiches  cookies  cheese & fruit plates courtesy nyc iww  occupywallstreetrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtlots women released  snacking sandwiches  cookies  cheese & fruit plates courtesy nyc iww  occupywallstreetrtmtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtlots women released  snacking sandwiches  cookies  cheese & fruit plates courtesy nyc iww  occupywallstreetrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottipark
rtmore reader published photos anti wall street protests  publish tweeting  uphoto hashtagrtrtmost protesters don sleep  solidarity tweeting night.  occupywallstreetrtwill please re tweet list ppl actually *in* nyc tweeting protest?  occupywallst  libertysquare  owsrtthank  occupywallstreet; re simply watching  tweeting  reading it. <3    ourwallstreetthank  occupywallstreet re simply watching  tweeting  reading   ourwallstreet  occupymadisonrtows  occuppywallstreet  ourwallstreet tweeting helpful tag  occupytipsows  occuppywallstreet  ourwallstreet tweeting helpful tag  occupytipsrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet tweeting ny atty eric pics/vids/comments re nypd brutalityim told stop tweeting  occupywallstreet im "stirring pot" tell world exactly meanrtinteresting social media campaign invalidate  occupywallstreet hashtag tweeting spam/gibberishrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet tweeting ny atty eric pics/vids/comments re nypd brutalityrtone arrested protesters tweeting despite cuffed.  occupywallstreetrtthank  occupywallstreet; re simply watching  tweeting  reading it. <3    ourwallstreetretweeting link.rtdont follow accounts tweet revolution. start tweeting too. tweet makes difference.  takewallstreeti cant stop tweeting  occupywallst won restill tweeting pics  occupywallst now. loveegypt revolution tweeting bloggers   jan25  sep17  occupywallstreetmtwho live tweeting  conconcon  conference constitutional conventio… (cont)rtmost protesters don sleep  solidarity tweeting night.  occupywallstreetmost protesters don sleep  solidarity tweeting night.  occupywallstreet
rtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetoccupy wall street protesters kettled pepper sprayed nypd [video]rtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtvideo peaceful female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreetrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  democracyrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtanonymous drops docs cop pepper sprayed kettled women...  (cont)rtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtslow motion macing kettled  occupy/wallstreet protesters pepper sprayed eyes nypd white shirt <>occupy wall street protesters kettled pepper sprayed nypd...rtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtanonymous drops docs cop pepper sprayed kettled women...  (cont)rtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtvideo peaceful female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreetrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtanonymous drops docs cop pepper sprayed kettled women...  (cont)
rtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...“frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81  "rt"the seed revolution repression." woodrow wilson  occupywallstreet  civildisobediencertpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetsalty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commishrtgiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsegiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulseaudit reveals city paid $11.8 million housing subsidies dead peoplertthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet“occupywallstreet   " mechanism reform  civil disobedience" chris hedges.”diebold voting machines hacked $10   takebackamerica  usdor  civilrights  diebold  hackerbloodied protester.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnypd spokesman civil disobedience met arrests  & resist arrest expect forcedouglas lachance  led newspaper deliverers’ union  dies 69 garrulous  fisted labor leader  mr. la...rtrip doritos rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtrtpbs journo 9 hours jail & civil disobedience charge. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtcivil disobedience live  occupywallstreet   youtube
rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtrtnypd pension bonuses threat. 21% officers trouble w/ mortgages. ...rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat. 21% officers trouble w/ mortgages.  joinus  occupywallstreet  solidarityrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat. 21% officers trouble w/ mortgages.  joinus  occupywallstreet  solidaritynypd pension bonuses threat. 21% officers trouble w/ mortgages.  joinus  occupywallstreet  solidarityrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers trouble w/ mortgages. solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers trouble w/ mortgages. solidarity?david frum disaster canada canadians stop paying mortgages.  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpoliso mortgages. 1. 5 private multinationals money.  oct15  sept17  ows  cdnpoli  inyourfacepovertyrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?
nypd sued times left track record lawyers   yours.rtlawyers investigating escalating excessive force/coercion/brutality  nypd  occupywallstreet world watchingrtnational lawyers guild  office phone   (212) 679 5100  takewallstreet  takewallst   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet chicago now. call lawyers police forcing out.opesr  a99  usdor  endthefed  anonrtstrauss kahn lawyers diplomatic immunityrteverything chicago  lawyers board  cop issues movement growingchicago now. call lawyers police forcing out. help chicago stay strong   ow  takewallstreetrt"chicago now. call  lawyers  police forcing out. help chicago stay strong "  occupychicago  usdorrtrtgranny writing lawyers   arm   granny peace brigade  occupywallstreetget lawyers.. jail ..regroup again.rtrtnat lawyers guild phone (212) 679 6018 hope helps  ourwallstreetrtrtgranny writing lawyers   arm   granny peace brigade  occupywallstreetcops  police  news lawyers missing 7 nypd files attorneys representing interests...rtvideo please lawyers  occupywallstreet protesters  via diceylee808  usdor  usrtget lawyers.. jail ..regroup again.rtimportant video please lawyers  occupywallstreet protesters  via diceylee808  usdor  usdo natl lawyers guild? 212 679 6018 please share safe  luck… (cont)mtnational lawyers guild 212 679 6018  team wrote arm.do natl lawyers guild? 212 679 6018 please share safe  luck… (cont)rtremember write nat lawyers guild arrest hotline   (212) 679 6018 arm  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor ??rtget lawyers.. jail ..regroup again.
rtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrtplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleasertjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetoccupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet occurs nasdaq actually foot  libertysquare.  ironicrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallstto establishment  liheap debatable. reducing  immigration heresy.  teaparty  occupywallst  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgprtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprog.((pats back)) day ll 3 rtmets fall cards  assured third straight losing season cbsloc.al/ow0jwndisagree  search returning hundreds tweets min  current trending topics. compare.  occupywallstreetrtit 100 hundred protestors arrested mention thetakewallstreet journalism dead.rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogooh  ouch. care injured careful yourselves.boston red sox continue slide al wild card race  yankees aj burnett ...rtthank retweeted  occupywallstreet video. gone viral possibly censored. online social media ftwrtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy tooinjured players tony romo  michael vick protected themselvesrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobacco   needsoftheoccupiers  ows  ourwallstreet
rtdeaf raped  occupywallstreet protest
“this  occupywallstreet country wall street fills debt panel coffersrtthe truth usa dangerous country world human rights  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  dayofragemerchants country.   thomas jefferson (part 1 quote  2 coming)nyt "the surreal ruins qaddafi’s land:"  libyans struggle escape country’s twisted history.rtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetif care  freedom check event country 9/11 occupywallst.orgrtourwallstreet people starting fb occupy city planning occupations country  portland doingi support  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  usdor  accept  permit politics hate country.are fucking tired country stopped investing ?  join    takewallstreet  usdorhad politics hatred country?   usdor  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  occupyamericarti read checking newspaper country spain. la supportrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetcheck video    occupy wall street msnbc reporter slams nypd   cops country ...  viartoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetwe love country. liberals & conservatives common ground. americans.  occupywallstreetrt"remember founded country unfair taxation."  occupywallstreetrtmy reason  occupywallstreet kids country wont pay debt didn causerti support  occupywallst protests cause re daily reminder badly wall st. fucked country populace forgets fast.this country.  back.   occupywallst  occupysanfrancisco  occupyamericartif  occupywallstreet protest country government disliked&would it...rtonce  leave country truth us. london guardian  occupywallstreet
rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetplease update soon  terriblewall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viaday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvictim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetanthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet“french react  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  sock ray bleu    francewall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...“video nypd pepper spray  force wall street occupiersrtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreet1staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallstrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtrtoccupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   occupywallstreetrtabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrtoccupywallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetbe careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.rtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreetfood thought...the fraying nation decency
rtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestrtrtagain  occupy sacramento help. help organize  please volun… (cont)organizershares  occupywallst blog postone tidbit  occupywallst. organizers check desk accepting cash donations raised "around $500" yesterday.someone dm list  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet organizers organize performance  p2 actionrti changed profile toplease spread word..i lots help organize oct 6thrtrtorganizers demanding resignation nypd police commissioner kelly & arrest som… (cont)rt“congratulations  occupywallstreet 4 organized  nonviolent day occupation. victory.  ourwallstreet  day11”rtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestsince dislike   occupywallstreet look organized york times?  nytimesrtrtagain  occupy sacramento help. help organize  please volun… (cont)in spite look calm organized thinking co operating violent reactions...sweetrti organize occupyalbany oct 6th  intrested inbox mertin spite look calm organized thinking co operating violent reactions...sweetrt70 100 people ga organize  occupysandiego  35 cities now?  occcupywallstreet  occupyla  ows  ourwallstreet  revolutionrtcongratulations  occupywallstreet organized  nonviolent day occupation. victory.  ourwallstreet  day11rtneed people  vancouver &  toronto help organize  occupyvancouver &  occupytoronto time   occupywallstreetrtrtagain  occupy sacramento help. help organize  please volun… (cont)rtwall st hand. woman dragged hair. nypd unorganized (& dangerous). protest vs. cops  bankers?rti organize occupyalbany oct 6th  intrested inbox mertin spite look calm organized thinking co operating violent reactions...sweet
rtnypd pins  mace peaceful female protesters pls      takewallstreetrtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voicertholy shit watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtlike   video  occupy wall street peaceful female protesters penned street  “maced”rtpeaceful female protestors penned maced    occupywallstreetrtpeaceful female protestors penned street maced    occupywallstreet   via{}  usdorrtvideo female protester maced nypd   (her scream cringe)  occupywallstreet  rebelzthis video  viral. nypd detain mace female peaceful protestorsaccording photog  snr cop mace sprayed defenceless female protestors  occupywallst name bolognathis photog cop maced defenceless female protestors  occupywallst name bolognabk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  (cont)rtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.rtpolice pen mace female ‘occupy wall street’ protesters   p2  occupywallstreetrtpolice mace peaceful female  occupywallstreet protesters   video   p2  occupywallst  usdor  sep17rtpolice mace peaceful female  occupywallstreet protesters   video   p2  occupywallst  usdor  sep17police pen mace female “occupy wall street”...  ["courtesy  professionalism  respect" lacking nypd.]rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdisgusting behavior nypd. female protester penned maced apparent reason.   occupywallstreet  usdor  p2
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetmttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. ...rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor  takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet
rtplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleasertimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreethelp  occupywallstreet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool. ride   takewallstreet  ourwallstreethelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetwe help urgently  please  libertysquare  spread     occupywallstreet  takewallstreetweight loss guru offers golfers helprtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. response1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallstrtcannot  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla protests? help? spread news & watch live @rtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articlenypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...rtplz help 4 public awareness stop  nypd thugs frm violating citizens constitutional right2protest   occupywallstreetweight loss guru offers golfers helprthelp promotethat starting support offer   occupymadison  occupywallstreetrtsome readers protest hopeless help starving somalis 8 kids. responsertour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherweight loss guru offers golfers helprthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.
rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"out  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtrtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral.  "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rt "female protestors penned maced"  occupywallstreet  ows  russia  putin  ireland  moscowrtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"
to join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtrtrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorwhy don ipad developers port apps mac store? useand nytimes app verses web browserrtrtrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdor"to join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdor"  wapo  bbc  hackersrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorup browser future reading  thanks :)rtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdor
rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreet<truehammer> dallas held oct 6th?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreettwo hikers held iran 2009 u.s.a. american hikers imprisoned iran fin...rtrtwoman arrested yestrdy  ourwallstreet mariel moshiri  held bellvue ...rtrtwoman arrested yestrdy  ourwallstreet mariel moshiri  held bellvue overnight cuffed chair.  occupywallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetgot word w/ cellphone ziptied (for 4 hrs) 12 person van 20 others.. held 7 cell hoursyes is. shock held remand  arrested charged allrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetanthony bologna held accountable  letknow   takewallstreet   occupywallstreet  eatbolognatwo hikers held iran 2009 u.s.a. american hikers joyful homecoming york sund...followdefence & support campaign activists arrested held remand banner droptwo hikers held iran 2009 u.s.a.  amazingstoryrtpls rtwoman arrested yestrdy @  ourwallstreet mariel moshiri held @ bellvue overnight cuffed 2 chair  occupywallstreetshame  nypd. shame you. isn ny works. officers held accountable.rthe  time release afternoon  30  occupywallstreet protesters held.rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreet
occupywallst occupy wall street life poor hell    usa  newyorkoccupywallst wallstreet hell poors finish   nd protest  usajoni mitchell n3kkid  occupywallst ijit   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcotn3kkid  occupywallst jonimitchell occupies  despite smoker   nsfw  p2  teaparty  tcot  sgprtpolice macing people wall street protest threat   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtcant believe msm ignoring this. rtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallsthello beach  ca...on oct. 6th  wearing clean suit dress heels  ready raise hell people  occupydallas  takewallstreet  usdorrtrtladies gents  hello to… (cont)rtooh ooh rtladies gents  hello to. startedrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtrtladies gents  hello to. startedrtrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. frrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthell chilling view afghan war danfung dennishello  graphic designer. feel free email artismylife702.com : )rtif civilized geller means likes  idf palestine  nypd  w/ savages.rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtglad 2  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  getting  hella viewers  adios  lame stream  media   diy 4 evr
rti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rt"i ll understand arrest "for resisting arrest" gotta circular charge ever."  occupywallstreeti understand  will.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet viartwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet stronger| "wake corporate sheep  " understand  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  occupywallstrtnyc students strike join  occupywallstreet . trust professors understand  takewallsteet  ourwallstreetrtone speaker    stepan demirjyan. veri laconic hard understanding :)))   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rallyrtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerin economy  don understand whykeeps airing elitist segments lavish nyc homes. obnoxious & change channelhow effort understanding econ commerce?celebrates chomsky support donations bitcoinrtamazing hownoam chomsky andall understand  occupywallst  msm doesn t.  tlotmust read nytimes junk food cheaper? ( takes real understanding change behavior. start here.rtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerrtthe chicken picture makes feel understand. please tell am alone.rtwhat left doesn’t understand obama.  gop balance powers.i don understand. aren occupation? occupying wall street then?  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy.i don understand. aren occupation? occupying wall street then?  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtamericans mock insult  occupywallstreet don understand them. civil disobedience benefitsrtamericans mock insult  occupywallstreet don understand them. civil disobedience benefitsdon misunderstand  absolutely am willing re support o… (cont)manually posted  understand it. explanation  ear… (cont)
hey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreetbe careful. cops roughing  peper spraying arresting people there. surrounded park.rthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rtvideo  police violently arresting peaceful protesters  libertyplaza //ow.ly/6ziyj  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)nypd arresting cause. justicenypd arresting protester pending bogas charges  innocent  peaceful movementrtpolice commish ray kelly tells nypd stop arresting people amounts marijuana wee bit sanity?arresting 80 peaceful protestors th level hosni mubarak regime.   arabspring  occupywallstreetrtthe tactics seen ignorance  slander  macing  arresting. failed epically. try tolerance  acceptance.  occupywallstreet  usdorrtpolice begin arresting photographers  indiscriminate macing occupy wall st. protest eventnypd defends arresting wall street protesters weari...rtvideo  police violently arresting peaceful protesters  libertyplaza //ow.ly/6ziyj  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtarresting grandmothers?  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrthey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful. americans don  fa… (cont)rtare guys intentionally arresting media wall st?  occupywallstreetrtdear police arresting people wall street...   occupywallstreet via socialspew  usdorrtso country sanction arresting protestors   occuywallstreetrt“police commish tells nypd officers stop arresting people amounts marijuanartcaptain window "any arresting officers?" driver "there arresting/witness officers prisoners"rt2. start arresting bankers fail. banker cronies guilty something.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
"adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?rtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.ultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...rtfixed link "the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet " arun guptartabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtjust livestream 7:30 est michael moore spoke   rerun loop   ows  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  wiunionrtafter 30 hours tinkering truck running again. hope starts time. liberty park.rtnypd chasing runaway horse  incident control  horse stopped @ 115th & riverside >only in.. guess happens everywherertgeorge wright arrested portugal 41 run; hiijacked plane ..thought rtsome pushing chris christie run presidentnyt profile speech ronald reagan library  christie didn address speculation 2012 run prez.nyt "after speech  christie revels pleas run:"  christie discourage speculation supporters.[edunews] education secrets principal   run school found bureaucra...rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetall days besides cvs  grocery store  dollar store run siesta lunch nypd near chandler mall.fyi  eeuu pushing chris christie run presidentfollowfor updates  occupychi  occupywallstreet running.&on ground
32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viadisagree  search returning hundreds tweets min  current trending topics. compare.  occupywallstreetrt“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsrtus day rage portland  sept17 protest pics  ccrtplz  pics vids tweet vs media blackout   censorship  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreet   occupywallstnyc  sep17  sept17  anonrtrtmuslim protesters food vendors praying salat  libertyplaza  occupywallstreetrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet tweeting ny atty eric pics/vids/comments re nypd brutalityrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nyci believe sad keanu occupy wall street pics. tasteless?   sadkeanu  occupywallstreetrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet tweeting ny atty eric pics/vids/comments re nypd brutalitypics  occupywallstpics  occupywallstrtrtwho  occupywallstreet today? pics  tweet us.rtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viartpowerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdownrtoccupywallstreeteverywhere pics flickr.com/groups/occupyw… ccup wall street   occupywallstreet  wiunion  weareohio  picsrtgoodnight twitterverse *solidarity fist* pls pics    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  nypdrt“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs correspondent jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   p2  p21
rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestrtrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   tomalabolsa  ourwallstreetcall  economicjustice common cause workers  tea party  progressives  libertarians  greens  occupywallstreetrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtyou didnt important. cover countless tea party rallies  nbc cover? truthfully?  ourwallstreetyou 1/4 followers  rubio party message 4 important.   occupywallstreet  noh8  p2read ny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilread ny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilrtimportant  legal sheet | nyc assembly     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  povertyif society education support     edreformrtif girl play peter pan  ve played little indian boy life pi.rtrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   tomalabolsa  ourwallstreetif care  freedom check event country 9/11 occupywallst.orgrtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protests   usdor   nypdthugsrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.“red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day  los baltimore como siempre las puertasinteresting tweeters newly met. followinglooking 4ward 2 postingsgray matter smart cities byof nyu rudin center transportation policyspending entertainment charity   nytimes.com spending entertainment charity. catheri...
rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherecalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtif political parties fail  move beyond political parties.  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articlertpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rt"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reportsyesys mr. tibbs/nemesisr didn guys nows peachy ovrbwill  plavix; roll butter too. log paw wave  ya  wlfrta family affair wife  daughter accused queens scam artist named accomplicesrthelp promotethat starting support offer   occupymadison  occupywallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtrtex wall streeters supporting  occupywallstreet protest   sept17rta request   occupywallstreet protesters chorus sing rolling deep adele cops & bankers?perfect protest song   ourwallstreetrtrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet protesters form political party   listofdemands starting point.  freedomparty  libertysquarenice article   occupywallstreet  antibanks  takewallstreet  ows  libertysquarerteveryone associated participating  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   stop. damn inspiring.
to call ruthless  dirty cops "pigs" insult pigs.  nypd  worse wild boars.rtfyi gaza  israeli army shoot live rounds protestors.  occupywallstreet  staystrong   handle  nypd pigs.occupywallstreet womens locked cage pigs nypd. shameyou tell pigs leave innocent protesters alone.women maced? fenced in? cattle ? fucking serious?women pepper sprayed & handled? hate  bullies   pigs acting bosses bloomberg & kelly.rtif act badly  bad. feel anger 60 s. pigs back?  american answers.rtgood police corruption  occupywallstreet caught camera.  nwo  pigsdude fuck  nypd. guys definition pigs. stay strong  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreetoh shit pigs fucked now......the world watching      occupywallstreet  pigs  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetyou low dirty pigsyou dirty pigsnew york finest. protecting professionally courtesy respect  pigs  occupywallstreet  nypdthe world watching   pigs  occupywallstreet  nypdwho serve protect?  pigs  wewontforget  occupywallstreetrtlittle pigs  process irreversible.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapprtdude fuck  nypd. guys definition pigs. stay strong  occupywallstreetrtall videos  nypd pigs brutally hurting people  occupywallstreet & likes  egypt &everywhere else earth(occupy p1)q nypd & pigs afraid 2 deal w/peaceful protestrs civil manor?   occcupywallstreet(occupy p1)q nypd & pigs afraid 2 deal w/peaceful protestrs civil manor?   occupyallstreetrtthe world watching      occupywallstreet  pigs  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet
rtrtrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtmake stop   stop      developers fail deliver saf… (cont)26.2 miles 4 42"/mile. damn. mr. makaurtrttakewallstreetrtrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17rtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet"bill evans  blog muggy  humid  foggy  fall weather headedwow  reporter axe grind  occupywallstreet protesters gunning wall street  faulty aim:rtrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17rtrti pretty summarizes mood  itson  occupywallstreet  sep17rtas people willing  occupywallstreet grow...we people fail     usdorrtrtopen urself 2 building consensus. mean changing mind.  occupyadvicertnypd love god   country   owsrtrtthe march  nypd hq begins 15 mins  libertyplaza  occupywallstreetthis awesome   bernanke gonna afford buy useless shit buying food?and course  organic food  organic cotton underwear  wtf sick buyingrtsomeone feels threatened  say. mad   occupywallstreetlove olazabal medinahrtyesthecirculated dod memo categorizing  ows demos low level terrorism *smh*rtrtrtrtopd trying kettle 14th & broadway.  occupyoakland  ows  p21
modern brides splurging accessories  dress field notes  rarities... fine jewelry 4uvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertthe people arrest   nypd  protesters join. stop us. rights away.  takewallstreetrtthe people arrest   nypd  protesters join. stop us. rights away.  takewallstreet
rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilsad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.“one five york city residents living poverty  ••• sad.  nyc>>> michel moore <<< watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usador>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usadorthe sad loss ancestral region "adéu catalonia matadorswill join crusade? strong stand me?  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtit sad bloombergs own family  personally  won him. miss help worldpolice  crackdown protestors  occupywallstreet looking  assad  syria. dictators uniting:) haven reached  assad standards  started way. nypd goesrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oili believe sad keanu occupy wall street pics. tasteless?   sadkeanu  occupywallstreetrtmore coverage  occupywallstreet    occupycanadarton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetrtorlando brown  sued n.f.l. errant flag  dies 40  sadapparently single horrible. please  girl sad it.rtla revolución sera televisada. será tuiteada verrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto nation   usdor please rtrtthis from... news wrong reasons   >rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oil
nyt "whatever happened american left?   left quiet  loud? [obama co opted left.]rtwhatever happened american left?  page best..reconnect w/ordinary people.catching happened  occupywallstreet protests followingbest wishes all.rtfolks  happened today. enormous  nypd pressure  nonviolent activists wo… (cont)rtwall st protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march   (looks happened closer union sq)rtwhoa  happened mta website. actually looks functional. kudosrtrtfromneeds people report happened  nypd  unionsquare (cont)rtrtwe re simply arrest wearing suit. happened.  occupywallstreet  sept17we survive  happened living?  occupywallstreetrtjust happened visit  occupywallst message down. hi  screencaps.rtwall st protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march   (looks happened closer union sq)hungry? eat banker  whatever happened american left?rtoccupywallstreet  occupyamerica lot happened comewhat today? happened arrested?rtwall st protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed march   (looks happened closer union sq)rthere happened cb1 2 protesters spoke  cordial & received  tried explain situation zuccottiwhat happened police force egypt???? .why aren protesting 2 party system fake libertarians? happened zeal?occupywallstreet  cnn  foxmike kazin "whatever happened american left?" sundayrtrtwe re simply arrest wearing suit. happened.  occupywallstreet  sept17needs report happened. provide assistance this?
rtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet retweetrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nyc“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycbrother west  words thegeneral assembly  spirited & beautiful sign solidarity w/real folksrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtrtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   viartrtcornel west speak  occupywallstreet 7 pm tonightcornelwest obama  love solidarity  occupywallstreet  usdoranonymousthank youbeautiful speech.  takewallstreetrtcivil disobedience parcel american democratic process.  occupywallstreetyes..oppportunist cornel west..full cat left stairs & ain spilled milk..attention getting creeprtmyself +down athe speaking 7   alldayallweekrtabout address assembly  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  twitpic.com/6rlgzjyes  rtrtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycrtenlightened philosopher  cornelwest speaks. solidarity&blog post  occupywallstreet  cornell west "don afraid revolution"   p2  topprog  usdor  ows
rtneedsoftheoccupiers "could ponchos  blankets  socks  heat water  food."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet pls retweetpgh perk. "alcohol movie theater?   newyorkcity"affirmative action bake sale students arms controversy cupcakes heating berkeley col...rtaclu cheat sheet rights photographer (usa)   ows  ourwallstreet  occupychicago  miunion  ohunion  anonymousrtarts | jersey ‘much ado nothing’ river theater   reviewrta movie contagion plastic seatcovers nyc theaters fend bedbugs infesting trousersrtas dry heat spikes texas wildfire threat  somelessons australia    world fire pronemayor bloomberg slams warren buffett tax claims;  buffett theatricsrttheater review |  rags riches  ‘from rags riches’ metropolitan playhouse   reviewrtexcellent byholding nypd accountable  original video   occupywallstreetrtregulations laws prevent cheating/harming public. obvious gop de regulation  wallstreet  gop  usdor  2012rta movie contagion plastic seatcovers nyc theaters fend bedbugs infesting trousersthis illegal?  haha rtalcohol movie theater?   newyorkcityretailers heat sales generate anti gay aid advocates demanding retailers thei...7 arrested alleged sat cheating ring island school via.these theatrics embarrassing   fasleflag  occupywallstreet  bahrain  nypdp2  p2bffrtexcellent byholding nypd accountable  original video   occupywallstreetflorida ice cream shop melts taking heat mascot critics resembles kkk costumebitches 2stop cheating rtbrooklyn 1506 ocean ave female shot doa scene. crime scene established. 1:00:53 pmrtin reversal  york erasure analysis detect cheating
rt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrt6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradiortwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardrtwe ve 3 heart balloons re taking  occupywallstreet. getting nyc.  ourwallstreet  wiunionrtiheartradio fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey ...just heard fromthat gas 4 cents  newjersey. leaving  centralnewjersey now. perfect timingrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetsexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...like hearbreaks heart watch  jameyrodemeyer story on. imp spread  itgetsbetterrtthe invade & win hearts minds people building roads bridges putting locals work.  occupywallstreetmy brothers sisters. hearts minute.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17do hear people sing? singing song angry men(and women)?  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"rt.have heard anon? rtaccording  critical condition.fuckyouraymondkelly police commissioner nypd heard moving fbi this. obviously condone aggressive tactics.  expectusrtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"yep  crying. statement heartbreaking.rt"it warms heart here"   michael moore@  occupywallstreetiheartradio festival jay  coldplay  alicia keys  jane addiction kick ... concertgoers waved their...rt.have heard anon? rtaccording  (cont)
rtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartsome guys suits &  nypd thru handing paper notices shutting  occup… (cont)rtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanidea
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000perry own troy davis headachertheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rtif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet   interview woman arrested yesterday  viaheadlinesstephen exec director interviewed cheryl williswe re newsrtvideoraves greening & sustainability efforts   14ygreenrttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreettons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallstrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please“i heading  occupywallstreet afternoon ” news. thx keeping informed. press passes yet?rtok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtmonday announcement <>. rtjay headline concert barclays centercan story nycacc  newyorkcity annimal control kill policy changed kill shelter;rt “judge lawsuit filed utility wake 9/11 "far fetched"  oh wellrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersthanks reading thertprattsville journal prattsville tavern forges ahead despite floods ruin nyti.ms/nxk7kertvolatile dow drops 400  <~dow below 10 000.  ?“jee thanks  rtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injury  yikes
rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmedia silent police abuse /brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallst medias usa belongs rich poors   change nd     usartkeep  thousands usa waking efforts    takeourstreetrtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtrtbig media afraid wall street protest seriously   ourwallstreet  vancouver  cdnpolirtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediartoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtdo expect corporate media report folks protestin… (cont)rtforgiving student loan debt provide immediate jolt economy.   occupywallstreet  occupylart.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtoccupywallstreet   arrests social media  violent protests  cops chaos.the american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksis associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsrtmt100 people arrested wall street  mass media spain  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrttwitterswarm   media contact sheet call demand cover  occupywallstreet  =  p21  p2  news  lgbtrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediart1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17rtno matter repubs voted  corp media minority gop power 2destroy democracy  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17wall street protesters broadcast arrests social media
rtkate spade ny jetsetter teaming $14k vacation italy. check blogny times art news bridge u.s.a. vs. italy/england zhejiang huamen cup   bridge continue look ...what tool. limousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport italyplaying mid century modernism considering gloomy financial prognosis chastened italy  ...excited week fest preview perugia  italy. nytimes perugia & plan 4 official launch march.36 hours perugia  italylimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italylimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyhahahaha  rtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests   en route italyoccupywallstreet "mtsusan sarandon stops wall st. protests  en route airport flying italylimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italyrtlimousine liberal  susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italylindsay lohan poses phillipp plein  shoots sexy ad campaign bellagio  italylimousine liberal  susan sarandon stops wall st. protests    en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italyrtlimousine lib susan sarandon stops wall st. protests     en route airport flying italy
rt“80 indignados detenidos en nueva yorkmiddle class suffering sexy budget politics coverage greece  versions?nypd looking sex assault suspect com   police public assistance finding wan...sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...a political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...rtpoliceman sexually harassing protester.   occupywallstreet  nypd  nypdbrutality  takewallstreetrtfirst survivor  sextrafficking prostitution convictions dropped. victims criminalsbritish cut genitals utility knife transgendered british woman planning undergo sex re...“california mom accused sex son hockey teammates  holy molysexy move "turkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexla chine détient un journaliste qui dénonce une sordide histoire esclavage sexuel   china  incroyablemaisvrairead york times review  footloose fr 1984  rated pg strong language & sexual innuendoes.rtrtrt message 2 love 2 brave peaceful  occupiers propelled  day 10  occupywallstreetrtrtis "arab spring" finally coming america??   occupywallstreetrtrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking ofrtsexenio > saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women right...‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex berkeley college republicans bake sale with...multimedia snapshots secret museum sexwhoa “desperately unhappy own skin  woman tried sex reassignment surgeryrtrtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stations
rtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetpatrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet| sport| patrick makau sets  world record  berlin     nj dc uk gb kenya dw malawi nigeria ethiopia la europe txrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetthis unsettling youtube.com/watch?v=mod2jn…  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  antibanksrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetin catalonia  day bullfighting bullfight sold ban set begin  rest s...nytimes adéu catalonia matadors   bullfight sold ban set begin  rest spain i...advisor news   patrick makau sets world record berlinisrael upsets "palestinians" by...well  heck  *doesn t* upset "palestinians"?nypd violated terms court settlement 2004 2008   occupywallstreet  courts  dsot  p2nypd violated earlier court settlement penning & spraying women  occupywallstreet.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetanticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...diana nyad stops short record setting attempt diana nyad journey cuba florida repea...not ones ve seen far.  occupywallstreetrtnot seen.  cover  occupywallst   mention onrtdespite  nypd efforts  wall street stays occupied  [updated/amended re arrests & eviction notice.]  occupywallstreet
suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 suicide bomber blew crowded church sunday  w...sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...rtprotesters heading  libertypark church street. 9/27/11 3:40 p.m.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  owssexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...rtsuicide bomb attack indonesia church injures 20rtsuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22ashes ashes  symbol hate win dan barry macedonia church god christ wa...are forgetting westboro baptist church?? supreme allowed protest 1st amendmentrtthe menil collection houston return looted 13th century byzantine frescoes church cyprus? surrender choppers    ? “over 7 000 guns surrendered nypd officers churches...”rtamong 164 guns surrendered church buyback staten island  loaded.jesus quotes  church preaching  football... shouldn surprised  occupywallstnychere  donzism tip day  church pastor talking except  occupywallstreet wasting lifertreynolds organize politically thru church  labor  political party middlemen. no… (cont)suicide bombing indonesian church injures 22 ...sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...rtprotesters heading  libertypark church street. 9/27/11 3:40 p.m.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  owssuicide bombing indonesian church injures 22rtprotesters heading  libertypark church street. 9/27/11 3:40 p.m.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  owsyikes  rtamong 164 guns surrendered church buyback staten island  loaded. twitpic.com/6mfops
boston red sox continue slide al wild card race  yankees aj burnett ...nytimes lightning strikes red sox raysrtlive coverage: occupywallstreet  80 arrested released returning liberation square   ourwallstreetred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bosto...“red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day  los baltimore como siempre las puertasthis lie 827 910 928 208    "yankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethrenno   ny fans laughing   lol  redsoxyankees add woesox misery 6 2 loss day freddy garcia staked claim post season rotation ...lackey loses cool  personal  text throwing six solid innings spiraling red sox sunday night...rtred sox lose yanks 6 2  clinging wild cardboston red sox continue slide al wild card race  yankees aj burnett ... crucial boston ...rtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final dayon baseball | red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final daynytimes yankee fans feel sympathy   red sox brethren   nowyouknowitsbad  fuhgeddaboutit  collapsertred sox wild slide continues  lose boston red sox destiny the...red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bost...yeah  fun.  won red sox lose am stuck here.sox ace. pedro allowed collapsebrian cashman yankees lost red sox offseason  ball ... yankees gm brian cashman los...all world  yankees’ rout kicks red sox   redsucksrtwe do? news me. rtyankee fans feel rare sympathy red sox brethren
tv reporter slams nyc police brutality  occupywallstreet (video)    opesr  a99  usdor supportthetroops @  libertyparkrttv reporter slams nyc police brutality  occupywallstreet (video)    opesr  a99  usdor supportthetroops @  libertyparkrt"when rich rob poor called business. poor fight called violence."  occupywallstreet  supportthecauserttv reporter slams nyc police brutality  occupywallstreet (video)    opesr  a99  usdor supportthetroops @  libertyparkrttv reporter slams nyc police brutality  occupywallstreet (video)    opesr  a99  usdor supportthetroops @  libertyparkrttv reporter slams nyc police brutality  occupywallstreet (video)    opesr  a99  usdor supportthetroops @  libertypark
rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in."it wail st."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsmn 8 av & 125 st. building collapse w/ victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ems req scene rush. 2 nypd rpt inj. /rtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetoccupywallst.orgrtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.the american corporate media refuses inform public reps 99% america occupying wall st.  sept17 skanksis associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rtholy shit watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtif re  occupywallstreet wish  check occupation near  movement grow last. win.the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rtour own jeanne mansfield maced  occupywallst. read account police brutality (plus video)needsoftheoccupiers note ups delivery address  check "donations" section  current list.  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet poster idea  mikebloomberg  obama sucking wall st. bull balls ~  takebackamerica  usdor  libertyplaza  antibanksrtbring food water st. james & madison st. arrestees  occupywallstreetiww spotrttoday sfront page wail st.rt "today sfront page wail st.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtup 5 people hit pepper spray 12th st. & 5th ave. yesterday
rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards stabing. fdny 2nd alarm fire location.iwilloccupy am sick bankers 100 millions 16% americans live below poverty levels  occupywallsteet  usdorrtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"{god him} rtbrooklyn 2701 ocean ave 2 people shot  1 aided transported serious condition. level 1 mobilization.rtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.rr"brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm"u/d  bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing scene 2nd alarm fire." 9:21:02 amarresting 80 peaceful protestors th level hosni mubarak regime.   arabspring  occupywallstreetanyone organizing  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  cleveland  please know; akron & helprti <3  occupyaustin rtreportin inoccupywallstreet  owssmh rtbrooklyn 730 rockaway ave  3 people shot. doa scene. level 1 mobilization regards. active crime scene.rtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardsrt… (cont)the  occupycleveland chatroom |  irc.freenode.net  occupywallstreetthe  occupycleveland chatroom |  irc.freenode.net  occupywallstreetthe  occupycleveland chatroom |  irc.freenode.net  occupywallstreetthe  occupycleveland chatroom |  irc.freenode.net  occupywallstreethelp joke  <3   occupycleveland chatroom |   occupywallstreetrtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm
rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rttherapists ‘seeing’ patients onlinertamazingly online poker site scam. imaginertthank retweeted  occupywallstreet video. gone viral possibly censored. online social media ftwmy mom counseling phone; wouldn t. times changing therapists ‘seeing’ patients onlinesearch continues 8 missing children  parents | video | 7online.com nypd searching m...    ammelliartrt..this movement ppl park online  andrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........so  wk reading(online) everyday kno  2pac "2pacalypse now" album 20yrs 11/12th?rtglobal revolution live online  occupywallstreet  usdor  please rtrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........therapists ‘seeing’ patients onlinertthe  occupywallstreet movement example online campaign translated action ground |blockbuster owner dish takes netflix online service movie rentalsnypd  police  buckles low prices nypd police buckles  fast delivery site. buy onlineinstead waiting storm aid  online yourself movement peg ellsworth  executive director o...rttherapists ‘seeing’ patients onlinelink link dealing identity hijacked online highway rick santorum lost control on...breaking activists  ows monitored online  fbi &  nypd august (5th paragraph)   occupywallstreetrtwall street = legalized online gambling.  pay. play.   usdor  occupywallstreet  sept17  gop  p2b  tcot  topprogrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........
nypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingrti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (instant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ... dick weiss toledo footb...rt"junk food cheaper real food..this plain wrong. isn’t cheaper eat highly processed food"video:police wrong  occupywallstreet protestsyou actually... people wrong financial system & governmentsinstant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ...nypd   wrong     occupywallstreeton contrary  admirable admit wrong learning it. orig post  apologize :)rtnypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingrt"the  police  wrongside  occupywallstreet protests"rtitll help educate arent involved. info & kno wrong (2/2)these bastards... nypd fucking damn minds. wrong.this from... news wrong reasons   >rtcheck outs lucid  occupywallstreet "the police wrong side.."rtthis from... news wrong reasons   >rtoccupywallstreet seestill acting  huh? wth wrong guys? shld us...not brutalizing   takewallstreet  sept17rtthe fed reserve police told tents. wrong law.  occupychi  occupywallstrtitll help educate arent involved. info & kno wrong (2/2)so rewiring 3g network? nice try bitches transparent wrong ways<  failrti grew believing media witnessed wrongdoing  justice inevitable. ve lost confidence.  occupywallstreet
rti wrote article solidarity  occupywallst protestersrti wrote article solidarity  occupywallst protestersrtan school peer wrote    nypdviolence videos posted hop bus join.  sep17rtrtnyt wrote nice article ontoday.rtan school peer wrote    nypdviolence videos posted hop bus join.  sep17coming onnews 11 starbucks employee wrote "bitch" cup instead customer name.  nyc  lulzrtrtnyt wrote nice article ontoday.rtrtnyt wrote nice article ontoday.rtrtnyt wrote nice article ontoday.rt.an  occupywallst arrested protester earlier  wrote stream officers puzzled mass arrests  sorrymtnational lawyers guild 212 679 6018  team wrote arm.rti wrote  occupywallst solidarity protestersnyt wrote article ontoday.   read & don ...i wrote  email numbers.  stay calm  threatening   <3 owsrt.an  occupywallst arrested protester earlier  wrote stream officers puzzled mass arrests  sorryrti wrote story ny times nfl red zone channelsrtan school peer wrote    nypdviolence videos posted hop bus join.  sep17rtan school peer wrote    nypdviolence videos posted hop bus join.  sep17rtrtnyt wrote nice article ontoday.rtrti wrote article solidarity  occupywallst protesters   ows  usdor  sept17  solidarityread magic nfl redzone. rti wrote story ny times nfl red zone chs

michael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquareladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...rtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksconstruction 2nd ave. subway digs grave local businesesaudit reveals city paid $11.8 million housing subsidies dead peopleawaiting info subway linesplease updated. trying plan commute w/small children.took 2/3 line 96 bklyn. 5 train w/lots delays. exited atlantic bus. wrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksrtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtmta rejects proposed bus subway ads calling enemies israel  savages   asshatsrtsound permit submitted. check.  nypd drag feet it?  occupywallstreet  sep17rtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nyc“city cellphone service begins underground 4 subway stationsrtrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycrtwe front page theoccuppywallstreet  nycadam appreciation amalgamation   ? top stories viathefts electronic devices subways rise “it electronic devices ” chief monaghan  appearing met...eta service restored?     d
rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viartmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsrttwitter suppressing  occupywallstreet hashtag deliberately   stop twitterrtmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthrtok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe footage  occupywallst awful  to_shadow  wearethe99percentrtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toortimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.unbelievable protest footage  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreet  libertyplaza  antibanks  corpgreedrtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsrtmore reader published photos anti wall street protests  publish tweeting  uphoto hashtagnyt "tagline ideas u.s. post office:"  promote united postal service.nyt ed "tampering electoral college:"  pa gopers propose changing voting system partisan advantage.rtunbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street  ...  don care fed mercinariezrtand   occupywallstreet hashtag isn blocked???more unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreetrtrtrtnew york aclu (212) 607 3300    phone i… (cont)from 1 income hhs w/ pensions + living wages 2 incomes  401ks ws trashed  stagnant wages  ugetbonuseswegetscraps  takewallstreetunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    usa  uk  cnn  bah  hrw  canada
tax payer bailout banks "too fail" 99% austerity  bankster criminal arrests  reason  occupywallstreetrt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17rtmichael moore pumps  occupywallstreet tax rich screamed.   ourwallstreetrtbloomberg bully pulpit & refuses 2 fight 4  millionairestax. $4.6b cld eliminate cuts  why7pm pershing sq sunday 9/25/11  occupyla gaoccupywallstreet  taxation w/o representation““michael moore pumps  occupywallstreet tax rich screamed.   ourwallstreet””clinton obama tax plan speech albany   former president bill clinton declared stirring speech ...bill clinton president barack obama tax increases rich ...clinton warned federal deficit created combination tax cuts spending  comi...so gop claim 47% households pay federal taxes basically bullshitrtdear america  taxes 20%  food gas prices skyr...  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrttaxi driver london  england united  occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs reporter jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   taxtherich  dems  ny  nycgreece approves property tax bid rescue aidgreece adopts property tax.received $ yellow taxi lobby livery cab bill debated   coincidences ccrt"remember founded country unfair taxation."  occupywallstreetrtrtrecent research shown dollar rich person donates $2 tax exemptions  takewallstreet/ securities/equities markets taxed  prosecuted  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  usdorrtpearson education wins tax breaks moving jobs york metropolitanrtrecent research shown dollar rich person donates $2 tax exemptions  takewallstreet
ladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...“frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81  "audit reveals city paid $11.8 million housing subsidies dead peopledouglas lachance  led newspaper deliverers’ union  dies 69 garrulous  fisted labor leader  mr. la...rtrip 2my little cousin kyanna  smh believe rtbrooklyn teen dies ...nypd anti terror weapons secret nypd arsenal stocked deadly goodies specifically desig...man killed outside nyc nightclub 23 stabbed death chatting ladies outside o...rtrtladies gents  hello to… (cont)rtooh ooh rtladies gents  hello to. startedrtrtladies gents  hello to. startedrtnyc paid $12m housing subsidies dead people...   tcot  tlotfrank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81ny times art news frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81 mr. driggs  writer  histo...frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81 mr. driggs  writer  historian record pr...rtorlando brown  sued n.f.l. errant flag  dies 40  sadladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...wangari maathai  nobel peace prize laureate  dies 71jessy dixon  gospel singer songwriter  dies 73 mr. dixon told associated press 1997 ...nypd anti terror weapons secret nypd arsenal stocked deadly goodies specifically desig...rip “ziggy creator tom wilson sr. dies 80. iconic ziggy published 1969.rt???? dead people notorious voting democrats  housing subsidies dead people carrying
rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsbloodied protester.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrip doritos rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsit insulting seeingwhine pizza  rain  & nypd 1000 died  egypt  libya  syria  yemen etc.  whiteprivilegertoh ~ rtbloodied protester.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypdrtrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipshence changed  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet trended died downbig chips   ???rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrt"the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsrtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipspart 2  dexter williams died  asphyxia ; found dead  naked hot tub arkansas ..rtmtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault & battery  occupywallstreet  nypdrtin law studied  spraying noxious chemicals unprovoked people assault battery.  occupywallstreet  nypd“the inventor doritos died age 97  buried chips  dip?the day stoners died little.rtthe inventor doritos died age 97  buried chipsiwilloccupy millions people died hands american military. world peace   takewallstreet  sep17
rtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrta99 operation empire rebellion   communication  1  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtempire rebellion idea time   opesr  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrta99 operation empire rebellion   communication  1  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetword rt"when injustice law  rebellion duty" ~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreet"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtword rt"when injustice law  rebellion duty" ~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet shouldn america w/ constitution terms rebellion?rtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreet
rtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.rtnytimes hack  nypd didn publish n212 334 0611so tell police jobyesys mr. tibbs/nemesisr didn guys nows peachy ovrbthey didn eat dishes  ate food.rtyou didnt important. cover countless tea party rallies  nbc cover? truthfully?  ourwallstreetnyt profile speech ronald reagan library  christie didn address speculation 2012 run prez.rti didnt care  occupywallstreet  nypd captain deputy inspector anthony bologna pepper sprayed deaf woman blank :^(rtnewyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 tell police joblolnytimes hack nypd  didnt  publish   212.334.0611 tell police jobrtnewyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 tell police jobrtnewyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 tell police jobanonops newyorktimes hack  nypd didn  publish n. (212) 334 0611 te...they didn recruit  anonymous. themselves. injustice..well  do.major props thefor quick response. didn phone  feel little sick stomach.rtmy reason  occupywallstreet kids country wont pay debt didn causetv reporting truth  didn live    yayrtoccupywallstreet trending 2 500 tweets hour monday morning. funny didn it.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtny atty eric schneiderman "the markets didn crash paying teachers."  occupywallst  economy  secfailrtfree pizza? dude  didn  re  getting pepper sprayed & cuffed  popo<3rtrtfree pizza? dude  didn  re  getting pepper sprayed & cuffed  popo<3rtrtnypd didn "clash"  occupywallstreet protesters  attacked peaceful protesters provacation.  p2

proving writing  rithmatic essential. rtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census nyti.ms/nn9x1qrtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census reading  struggling city 88 000  country’s lar...my hometown. sad. reason  occupywallstreetreading  pa.  tops list poverty listreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census reading  struggling city 88 000  country’s lar...thought read this. | reading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusrttherapists ‘seeing’ patients online video conferencing popular therapists reach pa...“reading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census  reading? jesus thats randomno violence. pray chaine phil pa.rtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census"reading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census  leftrtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census  <  damm sad ve actually b4 2 :(rtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusrtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusrtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusrt "reading  pa.  tops poverty list  censusreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census reading  struggling city 88 000  h...rtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  censusreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census reading  struggling city 88 000  ...air force pilot n.j. laid rest easton  pa. (cbsnewyork/ap) — air force pilot jersey was...
best "occupy" vid far. deserves enjoyed over. btw  resisting arrest makes worse.   takewallstreetrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorglobal education reform  student deserves excellent education  tfa   global  teachforall  educationreformrtsave usaron paul deserves publicity   foxnews  msnbc  cnn shame    ronpaul  gop  bieber  obama  love ron paul  occupywallstrtnonviolent direct action  occupywallstreet deserves seriously pressrtthx vnyt opinion  occupywallstreet deserves seriously press"   usdorthx vnyt opinion  occupywallstreet deserves seriously press"   usdorrtobama’s jobs plan deserves hearing  christina d. romer economic viewrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorthat statement deserves  takewallstreet tag :)rtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion pages wall street protest "...deserves seriously press."rtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdoramerica deserves mocked & laughed at. try stand  quit now.  takewallstreet  police  bullshitrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdori thatdeserves round trip ticket. smart level headed person.  occupywallst  iwilloccupyrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnyt opinion " occupywallstreet deserves seriously press."  thank  nathan.  usdorrtnonviolent direct action  occupywallstreet deserves seriously press
rtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtpbs journo 9 hours jail & civil disobedience charge. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrt pbs correspondent arrested march?  nypd look bad   occupywallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtrtoccupywallst picture pbs correspondent arrestedrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtsome photos pbs correspondent arrested march  nypd  occupywallstreet”rtrtrtpbs reporter spent 9 hrs jail & charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetwabc eyewitness news up.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  nbc  npr  pbsmichael moore @  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  abc  nbc  pbs  nprmsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street   occupywallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  abc  nbc  pbs  nprshameful police action  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  abc  nbc  pbs  nprrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachothertax payer bailout banks "too fail" 99% austerity  bankster criminal arrests  reason  occupywallstreetare paying attention?  occupywallst pretty fucking big. wake please. world moving....... you?rtcamera "document  nypd misconduct  occupywallstreet protesters  cops losing jobs& paying claims  cc"rtnew york police viavideos unnecessary force peaceful protestors. pay economy crashes?rtoccupy wall street – you’re outraged  you’re paying attention   >  <    occupywallstreetrtheythe arrest media team strategy ain  invented it. pay everytime arrest  occupywallst folks.bloomberg wasn hiding poll watching payment  ex aide haggerty trial former mayor bloombe...sounds corrupt  sets doctors  pay   healthcare  reformthosewho mainstream laid (cutbacks) degrees pay loanshave willing pay content?“nyt reviews  googlewallet   claims europeans pay swipe mobile.rt"please note occupywallst.net paypal scam. none donations paypal."so gop claim 47% households pay federal taxes basically bullshitrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherothers trouble donating?  occupywallst livestream via paypal? denied.  alternative? closed minertoccupy wall street – you’re outraged  you’re paying attention   >  <    occupywallstreetrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owswhat breakdown terms payouts re city agencies incidents?rti hope nypd & bloomberg pay ultimate legal political price fiasco.   occupywallstreet don"t leave til changes.
snooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s...casi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreet1staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallstff  occupywallstreet packagethanks peacertoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers space close  libertyplaza store rains. bag check system suave.i added photos  sep24  couldn them. :( space flickr.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupierswe re packing night  decided leave rare image  occupywallst smiling cop.rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtthank   chitownstandup rtcare package assembled...standby  needsoftheoccupiersrtnew york police viavideos unnecessary force peaceful protestors. pay economy crashes?rtoccupy london stock exchange    voccupywallstreet  occupylondon  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet ii media aljazeera   ows  usdorin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...and potentially destroy world rtun assembly meeting impact traffic manhattanrtasí actúa el nypd al que fortuño acudió para  mejorar  la policía de  puertorico   atacan manifestantes pacíficascarepackage <3rtcan some1 please repost ups store info name package excepted tuesday?rtmarchers chant :"the world watching"   ows notelet people speak  ourwallstreet



rtdespite entrapment brooklyn bridge nypd (a subsidiary jpmorganchase )  occupy wall street...rt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.“rt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrt ppl curated  occupywallstreet entrapment postnypd sets trap brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet  viajpmorgan  entrapment  wearechangertrt video proof entrapment. police lead protestors on2 bk bridge  occupywallstreetrtnytimes updates story avoid implicating nypd entrapment  occupywallstreet demonstrators  /via1st blatantly obvious video footage  nypd entrapment   spread   ows  occupywallstreet  occupy  sept17rtyour report  nypd led protesters onto bridge entrapmentrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreet ...rt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreet ...as lawyer protesters file class action lawsuit nypd  entrapment ...1/2rt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreet ...rtgood rtoccupywallstreet class action suit accuses  nypd entrapment misleading protesters saturday eventrtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)rti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)rtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediartnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtrta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned gr...rtfixed link "the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet " arun guptartabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.rtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.you re  takewallstreet crowd service gluttons bust  union & pension.rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtrtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado t… (cont)rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetshould one.rtholy shit watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe world watching nonviolence liberty plaza  viatakewallstreet  sep17flood victims getting fed congress darlene swithers pennsylvania resident home severely ...
in speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerrtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpmuslims:"let irvine 11" warning jews freedom speech hecklers belief jewish judges w/no muslim benchrtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracybbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   antibanks  takebackamerica  usdor  owsbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdornyt profile speech ronald reagan library  christie didn address speculation 2012 run prez.nyt "after speech  christie revels pleas run:"  christie discourage speculation supporters.thank youbeautiful speech.  takewallstreeti love charles barron talks  dull moment speech. don agree himrtny  paris battle freedom speech  occupywallstreet  parisnofear  acampadaparisrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetrtinspiring speech  generalassembly "this america. america"  occupywallstreetrtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtrttwo maced girls  begging pee  exceedingly tight ziptie  cuffs    occupywallstreetclinton obama tax plan speech albany   former president bill clinton declared stirring speech ...rtjerk teens continue taunt 16 jamey rodemeyer suicide  chanting  re glad re deadrtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17rtoccupywallstreet wisconsin peeps coming join protests  wallstreet  protest :) thank  wisconsin  sept17
rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylapower people plse share aroundrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtnypd pins  mace peaceful female protesters pls      takewallstreetrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst pls.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupyla  owsrtthere actual  news happening  nyc pls cover  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers "could ponchos  blankets  socks  heat water  food."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet pls retweetpls tell  nypd stop brutality  wall street protesters educated  employed & angrypls donate scarves  occupywallsstreet protestors. maybe people wear masks wear scarves warm  sept17 pls rtrtget educated. search "basic income" new; time.  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  99percent  ows   pls   education keyrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylahey folks   followand join fb     occupynj  usdor  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet pls rthelp folks  follow follow followtakewallstreet  occupyphx  takewallstreet  pls rtpls follow support spread word aboutoccupyamerica  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetall  occupywallstreet stop chatting nypd . friends   leave plsrti wantto  occupywallstreet promote  getmoneyout pls  ows  ourwallstreet  1u  ctl  p2rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupyla
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertplz help 4 public awareness stop  nypd thugs frm violating citizens constitutional right2protest   occupywallstreetoctober6  time different.this time leaving    usdor  stopthemach2011 plz. retweetrtjournalist author chris hedges  speaking  occupywallstreet "the method left reform civil disobedience."  owsrt( pictures  send owsimages.com plz thank  osdor  sep17  needsoftheoccupiers) okay.they planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare controls nypd? controls bloombergrtfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertplz  pics vids tweet vs media blackout   censorship  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreet   occupywallstnyc  sep17  sept17  anonrtplz rtandare  twitterjailrtrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreetrtabajo con nos bancos  arriba con el pueblo   ocupylaplz rtrt"why maced wall street protests" jeanne mansfield   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz r… (cont)rtplz adopt cutie pie urgentrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquare
rtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)1staid4  teargas  justincase go2“where located drop supplies?  occupydenver  occupywallstreet”rtgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtrtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado t… (cont)rthelp promotethat starting support offer   occupymadison  occupywallstreetrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegenertneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdordenverusdor  occupydenver  usdor  anonymousrtwe 99%. matter help out. time rise against.rtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)rtexcited activists  occupydenver. thanksfor stopping by. rise  occupywallstreetrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtoccupywallstnyc excited  denver 1st official  denverga 7pm tonight near  colfax broadwayrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegene
rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99instant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ... dick weiss toledo footb...rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtphoto replay sept.27injured players tony romo  michael vick protected themselvesrtoccupywallstreet orange nets  fun play little game tug  war nypd  strongernypd officer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorofficer anthony "pepper spray" bologna playing victim card   occupywallstreet  policebrutalitynyt "class war action toys:"  play “haves” “have nots” own lopsided adventure.rtif girl play peter pan  ve played little indian boy life pi.rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99instant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ...rtthe blue screen >> eli named nfc offensive player weeksather playfully guarantees win cup worst kept secret hockey a...rt.you play game re gonna lose. lesson learnrtthe constitution guarantee fair play corporations  banks countries  usdor  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rt.it changing world.  people. proud play  re merely reporting.  usdorrtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99
pic  nypd  "freedom fence" 2011 9 24    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetrtplease spread people groundultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...rtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viart“if picture future imagine boot stamping human ever.”  george orwell  1984   occupywallstreet  bannedbooksrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogdisagree  search returning hundreds tweets min  current trending topics. compare.  occupywallstreetrt"32 pictures police brutality  occupywallstreet protestsrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogit doesn signature. author enforcer?  nobodypic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchbikes art ride picasso? rtfor bike collectors  rush hanging wall   bikenycrtorwell moment police retina scanning protesters scooped up.  takewallstreet  owsyesterday  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tour guide holding flag lead tourists camp picturesrtmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  occupyus twitpic  {}news concerts cool  picture   illiniphoto anthony weiner picking nose rayburn hob building june.  uphotopic cardboard cutout justin beiber front rep. mike pence office day.  uphoto
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertnypd sending police lower manhattan. tactical plan  watch  occupywallstreet livenypd anti terrorism squad equipped planesnypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city  police plane  hitechcj  mmotrtnypd morphing military nypd claims passenger plane event terro...rtnypd chief police plane   9newsplease updated. trying plan commute w/small children.rtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtrtchanging planes & ny. meet aft. liberty. //  iwilloccupyrtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rt.in 2010 goldman sachs bankers received $15.3 billion bonuses  feed hungry person planet.  occupywallstreetrtthis goes incredibly brave rebels america  re plan...rtgeorge wright arrested portugal 41 run; hiijacked plane ..rtnypd police plane needed...  reassuring   po… (cont)check video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  vianyt editorial "president obama’s medicare proposals:"  obama’s medicare plan starting point.rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rt"from friend contact inside nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrt. china  india building 4  coal fired power plants week.rtiwilloccupy world cusp change plan help tip scales favor good...
rtperhaps shouldn stop wall street. occupy corporate media hqs nyc?   connecttheleft  p2  p2b  p21rtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment... occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdor  occupyseattle  p2  tcotthanks nypd cops rouge people  ourwallstreet   connecttheleft  wiunion  p2  tcot  topprogformer sallie mae board whistle blows  studentloandebt ~corruption~tlot  tcot  occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  obama2012rtourwallstreet  connecttheleft am outraged happening usa & msm reporting. world watching.......rtmichael moore encourages expansion anti ’kleptomaniac’ ‘occupy wall street’ protests   ows  usdor  p2  connectthelefthomeland security makes appearance occupy wall street  viaconnecttheleft  ourwallstreetrtrtprevious hashtags censored  change hashtag  ourwallstreet rt.  connecttheleftrtrepublicans driving america economic crash  viaoccupywallstreet  connecttheleftrthelp media team  occupychicago asap. help?  connecttheleft  ourwallstreetrtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment... occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdor  occupyseattle  p2  tcotrtthere freedom.   nelson mandela   occupywallst  gop  connecttheleftrtgopbags screw democracy hv politics win..so lie/suppress/redistrict order2 win   usdor  connecttheleftrt<elizabeth warren expresses sentiment majority...call congress fingers bleed ourwallstreet.  connecttheleftrtrthelp media team  occupychicago asap. help?  connecttheleft  ourwallstreetrtrepublicans incapable creating unemployment... occupywallstreet  connecttheleft  usdor  occupyseattlertthere freedom.   nelson mandela   occupywallst  gop  connecttheleftrtrepublicans driving america economic crash  viaoccupywallstreet  connecttheleftsustainableenergy solution world problems.   reality  connecttheleft  gop  occupywallst  rockandrollconformity jailer freedom enemy growth.   john f. kennedy  connecttheleft  gop  occupywallstthe road progress freedom road.   john f. kennedy  gop  connecttheleft  occupywallst
rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhererthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetin speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerpatrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.police riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24rtif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetguardianin raportti wall streetin lauantaista  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsone citizen vote dollarusdor corporate person hood.  1citizen1vote1dollar  1c1v1drtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsi support of.  ? is; change blood? don 99% wil… (cont)rtrthey everyoneis happening  colorado support hea… (cont)have mega corporations world  law ? visit  share opinion.saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtdo expect corporate media report folks protestin… (cont)occupywallstreet 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement   occupywallstreetover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement  occupywallstreetrtrapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abuses...
occupywallstreet  occupywallstnyt "not smart cities:"  pegasus holdings build medium size town nm desert populated entirely robots.rtmayor bloomberg committed campaign fraud  accused thief john haggerty lawyer ...  save americartvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnroarmag.org appears offline    occupywallst  nypd attack popular?roarmag.org appears offline  roarmag   occupywallst  nypd attack popular?rtheftig  ooit king poprtwrite  occupywallstreet popular youtube video comment pagesseizing populist mantle  obama pushes jobs bill mark landler denver — days energetically raisin...rti support  occupywallst protests cause re daily reminder badly wall st. fucked country populace forgets fast.rtheftig  ooit king poprtthewayiseeit square help  occupyportland solidarity  occupywallstreet join  occupytogether 30 citiesrtheftig  ooit king poprtmedium size town support pop 35k  populated entirely robots  built mexicocan some1 explain american liberals (i.e. nyt) yearn populist mvmt. party  look past  ourwallstreet?  uspolicrafting application essay  pops    collegebound  admissionsrtvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnnot song popped head thinking  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  vialuke skywalker? ? ?  where????????????/ rtsomeone luke  occupywallstrtvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnrt  takewallstreet  ows   globalrevolution   dancer  lawyer  music  pop  rap  urban
rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtrtoccupywallstreet 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdorrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst pls“where located drop supplies?  occupydenver  occupywallstreet”rtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wrtoccupywallstreet  wallstreet   amazing atmosphere  ppl power  real stuff   sept17  downwithcorruption“more 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdor”  oligarchy  democracyrtwhy 100 teapartyers gather view msm uprising & 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectaclertrt"when 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectacle" banksters protected dc & msmrtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobacco   needsoftheoccupiers  ows  ourwallstreetrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rt"i don takes 2 imagination figure ppl doing wall street protesting"  occupywallstreetrtppl liberty reminder frustrating locals interest.rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreet
rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinaljazeera coverage  usdor &  occupywallstreet mainstream media?[corporate censorship]   takebackamericaupdated call/e mail mainstream  media cover  occupywallstreet  protestrtagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "thosewho mainstream laid (cutbacks) degrees pay loansrtour msg. precision. agreed  call mainstream media conference & statement(1/2)“frightening.  mainstream coverage  occupywallstreet” mainstream media bed wall st. twitter too. $ rulesrtas shameful  reporting  occupywallst useful mainstream outlets.can  msm  occupywallstreet news clips mainstream press? compile. thxrt mainstream media  brownout   occupywallstreet coverage  ows  sep17  usdor videolive coverage  occupywallstreet  forget mainstream media support mediartagreed "best mainstream reporting protests ve read   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet "rtthe mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreetrtlet mainstream media lost touch reality  real people america.  occupywallstreet proof   nbc  meetthepress today.rtour msg. precision. agreed  call mainstream media conference & statement(1/2)rttake demands mainstream media. masses unclear represent. suggest w/ humilityy isn mainstream media covering brutality  nypd officers  wallstreet protesters? news?rthello  mainstream media team   usdor  solidaritywhy shown mainstream news??? cnn nbc sky bbc foxrtnypd shot themselves foot   mainstream media talking  occuppywallstreet & recognizes peaceful  instigators  owsif ve clean toilet minimum wage   occupywallstreet. seo  nfl   football   mainstreambullshitteryetc
rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstin speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerrtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...rtwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordplease  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetwe help urgently  please  libertysquare  spread     occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrtplease spread people groundrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plssaleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...rttwitter suppressing  occupywallstreet hashtag deliberately   stop twitterrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtcannot  occupywallstreet   occupychicago  occupyla protests? help? spread news & watch live @rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtyowas  bloomie decided comment 80 arrests yesterday nyc?  occupywallstreet &  occupyallstreetsrtfdl live blog  occupywallstreet day nine  pressing mass arrests yesterday   usdor  takewallstreetoccupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21
rtyes for&organizing nonviolent protests wall street.  enoughalready  occupywallstrt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrt“congratulations  occupywallstreet 4 organized  nonviolent day occupation. victory.  ourwallstreet  day11”rt| hot press; day mass arrests    peaceful  nonviolent  usdorrtnonviolent direct action  occupywallstreet deserves seriously pressrt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrtfolks  happened today. enormous  nypd pressure  nonviolent activists wo… (cont)rt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrt“| hot press; day mass arrests    peaceful  nonviolent  usdor”  sep17rt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrtnypd .. nonviolent protest  violent .   occupywallstreetrt“| hot press; day mass arrests    peaceful  nonviolent  usdor”  sep17nypd "take streets." streets nonviolent protesters. cool.   occupywallstrtyes for&organizing nonviolent protests wall street.  enoughalready  occupywallstrtcongratulations  occupywallstreet organized  nonviolent day occupation. victory.  ourwallstreet  day11folks  happened today. enormous  nypd pressure  nonviolent activists wo… (cont)rtnonviolent direct action  occupywallstreet deserves seriously pressrt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrtfor americans  nonviolent direct action  occupywallstreet hope political voicertnonviolent direct action  occupywallstreet deserves seriously pressprotesters nonviolent nytimes threat 2 nypd? threat 2 status qo  nypd  bigdifference
rtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"nyt "whatever happened american left?   left quiet  loud? [obama co opted left.]mike kazin "whatever happened american left?" sundayrtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"rt"what disgusting? union busting " chant   occupywallstreet  usdor  p2  wiunionrtgreat scene  occupywallstreet supporting postal workers union nyc   "what disgusting? union busting "  ows  usdor"what matter?don pajamas? don corporate slave suit."  happymondaywallstreet  ourstreet  owsrtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"daily news "what aqueduct mocks spirit constitution.""what guys long?" cb1 board tom goodkind ppl standing near. "i "rtmy tribute  occupywallstreet protestors  "what revolution"rtgreat scene  occupywallstreet supporting postal workers union nyc   "what disgusting? union busting "  ows  usdormt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"rtmy tribute  occupywallstreet protestors  "what revolution"rtgreat scene  occupywallstreet supporting postal workers union nyc   "what disgusting? union busting "  ows  usdor"what disgusting? union busting " chant   occupywallstreet  usdor  p2  wiunionrtmy tribute  occupywallstreet protestors  "what revolution"a tribute  occupywallstreet protestors "what revolution"a tribute  occupywallstreet protestors "what revolution"my tribute  occupywallstreet protestors  "what revolution"my tribute  occupywallstreet protestors  "what revolution"
"adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?rtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsnytimes adéu catalonia matadors   bullfight sold ban set begin  rest spain i...the sad loss ancestral region "adéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorswhat victory :) rtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsadéu catalonia matadors  bye bye[nyt europe] adéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsadéu catalonia matadorshopefully rest spanish communities follow cataluñas example “adéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtadéu catalonia matadorsadéu catalonia matadors   york times
rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)here  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rtrtcomplete hd speech dr.who led  generalassemly  occupywallstnyc tonight  enjoy   p2rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)
rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtnypd targeting photographers occupation wall street   occupywallstreet  nypd  policebrutalityrtnypd reportedly targeting photographers occupation wall street    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetnypd reportedly targeting photographers  occupywallstreetrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtnypd reportedly targeting photographers occupation wall street  takewallstreet  viartwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtrnypd reportedly targeting photographers occupation wall street  takewallstreet   politicsrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtnypd reportedly targeting document  occupywallstreet protests using cameras & smartphonesrtnypd specifically targeting media team  media team detained   occupywallstreet live >>rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tr… (cont)can confirm this? ? rtteargas  re targeting facilitators  nypd  usdor
rtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersconstruction 2nd ave. subway digs grave local businesesrtrtnyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17rtppl liberty reminder frustrating locals interest.rtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morningrtrtrtpolice brutality receiving coverage local news  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe invade & win hearts minds people building roads bridges putting locals work.  occupywallstreet““nyc councilman jumaane williams  occupywallstreet. local politicians starting note.  sep17””rtcall local tv stations  tell management call networks demand coverage  occupywallstreet     reclaimyourtvrtoped news teamsters report local joining  occupywallstreet 16   globalrevolution  usdor  democracy  icumi  p2rtanyone post events craigslist help recruit locally? 99%ers check that.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   owsrtgot press protection curiosity locals you. msm little show.occupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morningasklocal  vibeapp applications free tools political organizing    ows  ourwallstreetrtrtrtpolice brutality receiving coverage local news  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetkansas city organizing local wall street protests   occupywallstreet  ows  p2  usdorrtoccupywallstreet mentioned local news  krdo. strong  ignore anymore   occupydenver  libertysquare  owsgreat local coverage yesterday  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrttakebackwallst  takewallstreet taking paycheck local bank c.u.  close accounts banks  speak via $$$$$hey  re hereto answer question  local. thestory
rtwashington wall street fix problem. demand  "just "?rtrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorrtcrazy  justify egypt & nycspeculators legal break washington clueless;video panic washington monument quake debris falling heads  panicked tourists ran th...rtusps labor  union  occupywallst rtpostal service employees hold rallies nationwide   washington postrtrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorviafacebook steeds actiever washington  lobbies amerikaanse politicirtrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorfuckyoubenbernanke bullshit algorithms arent anymore   occupywallstreet  fuckyouwashington  occupywallstfiat currency endgame us.  occupyfdsf  occupyphoenix  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  occupyspokane  occupysf  fuckyouwashingtonrtplease retweet  occupywashington coming america oct 6  <>  >  occupywallstreet  occupywallstnycbreaking americans choose president based own interests. rtletter washingtonit fight fat cats nyc washington american workers patriots  occupywallstreetrtrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdor"/ smh “manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.”did washington post entertainment? .. really?rtgovernment  warning  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17  usdor  fuckyouwashingtonrtrtwhile re busy occupying wall street  wall street busy occupying washington.  usdorrtnow bus washington dc  ready bring  occupywallstreet life freedom plaza occupation  starting oct 6   takewallstreetwe leadership  washington  rt
rtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viartwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viartit harder arrest singing people yelling people. yer songs  revolution   occupywallstreet  sept17  libertyplazartit harder arrest singing people yelling people. yer songs  revolution   occupywallstreet  sept17  libertyplazamiddle class suffering sexy budget politics coverage greece  versions?<sinisterteashop> wow  cops late hard irc occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chaton east village radio tonightinvited hardcore & punk rock listeners attend  occupywallst friday @ 3pm.  nycrtiwilloccupy bcause cant job willing hard  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetit hard nyc cop kid camera internet occupywallst.orghard  lazy ass cat looks goddamned king.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cats workrtsent friend  outstanding feminist criminologist  hard day. "perfectly ordinary kids" deservertkeep protesting peacefully suppporting hard twitter revolution  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  ows  ourwallstreetso hard goodbye; reduced role rooney "60 minutesrtone speaker    stepan demirjyan. veri laconic hard understanding :)))   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rallyrtmy arrest  occupywallstreet staged  shaking hard fell stepped curbrt"the harder conflict  glorious triumph."  occupywallstreetrt21% nypd police officers hard time keeping mortgage payments  choose protect usurious bankers.weapon makers try hard create fear c0ps & civilians. mace us.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet"the harder conflict  glorious triumph."  occupywallstreetrti watching  snl now. hard distracted censorship  occupywallstreetrt"i believe fucking maced her"  sept17  occupywallstreet
rtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtfilm examines challenging economics facing teachersrt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtwtf nypd ? nypd cites 166 law banning wearing masks masquerade party (lol  halloween? )  occupywallstreetrtwill talk ga solution finish demands soon inshallah :)  takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstreet  sept17rttea partiers funded billionaires interrupt "town halls"? media wall wall coverage. grassroots protest  occupywallstreet? silencertcome senators  congressmen  please heed call  don stand doorway  don block hall  occupywallstreet  occupyamericaanticipated amazon tablet aim apple ipad analysts retailer set challenge apple a...rtrtrtrtit official occupy la begins occupation october 1st city hallrtsaturday  sept17 citizens ashland oregon gathered front city hall solidarity  occupywallstreet protest  usdorwhen nadia nazmin safe completed queens townhall / moved out.  homeless  occupywallst lolrtrtrtrtit official occupy la begins occupation october 1st city hallgreat quote. actually evelyn beatrice hall voltaire.book review   geeks inherit earth   alexandra robbins   nytimes.comugh please stop foot traffic gym worse den hs hallway"wall street protesters ll protestingrtcome senators  congressmen  please heed call  don stand doorway  don block hall  occupywallstreet  occupyamericajoan jett  cure  guns  roses  heart nominated rock roll hall famedonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtoccupywallstreet pathetic media outlets remain nameless  ignore   corporate cowards    sept17wabc nyteased mondaycoverage of. watch gma mon  www.millionmomschallenge.org now.we citizens arrest  officers arrest assault?   occupywallstreet  opshadow
rtbrother word... protest  don stigmatized.  occupywallst coverage  sequel  madisonrthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetnew aqueduct casino thumbs computerized nose ny gambling lawsrtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.teaparty &  occupywallst t/won establishment squeal.  delivery  immigration  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnm  p2rtwtf nypd ? nypd cites 166 law banning wearing masks masquerade party (lol  halloween? )  occupywallstreeteloquent provoking post concerning revolution   divorcegovtfrombigbusiness  occupywallstrta family affair wife  daughter accused queens scam artist named accomplicesrta request   occupywallstreet protesters chorus sing rolling deep adele cops & bankers?perfect protest song   ourwallstreetrtwhen profit privatized & loss socialized  question motives.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  antibanks<> iamnoone zizek critique charity   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatnypd queens mom sought taking 8 kids child agency york (cbsnewyork) — police queen...rtwe coherent list goals &how intend reach goals. getting lots questions.   occupywallst  ourwallstrt9 banqueros esclavizan al mundo   15m  takewallstreet  15octrtrtjust desperate control people public opinion. mu… (cont)rthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreetrtf.y.i. answers questions yorkdivide conquer baby  divide conquer   blueshirtversuswhiteshirtsqueens quiet scannershared message via ubersocialqueens overturned vehicle van wyck expressway near jamaica ave ...“mexico twitter facebook information survival  que fuerte  cierto...
rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........ladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtdo expect corporate media report folks protestin… (cont)rtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtnypd spokesman civil disobedience met arrests  & resist arrest expect forceis real  protest means violence expect nypd?     globalrevolution livenypd announces street closures expected traffic delays september 17th & 18th   occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtwe met unexpected resistance twitter facebook. confirmed de trended  occupywallstreet.world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rtpeople world  occupyamerica   occupywallstreet "we legion forgive forget expect us"rtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymouspeaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable.  heyexpect usrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtneedsoftheoccupiers  vinegar  suggest expectations suspicions future tear gas  occupywallstreet protesters..rt.you play game re gonna lose. lesson learn   expectusrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymouspeople world  occupyamerica   occupywallstreet "we legion forgive forget expect us"fuckyouraymondkelly police commissioner nypd heard moving fbi this. obviously condone aggressive tactics.  expectusrtrt  anon tweet& tell  expectus ve today.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers  vinegar  suggest expectations suspicions future tear gas  occupywallstreet protesters..
rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetmake bologna meme  occcupywallstreet  takewallstreet  bolognamemerttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrt70 100 people ga organize  occupysandiego  35 cities now?  occcupywallstreet  occupyla  ows  ourwallstreet  revolutionrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetmttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. ...rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetyou 99%.  occcupywallstreet
rtdon worry gop haters. mad b/c teaparty attract 5 people time anymore.  occupywallstreet  p2rtunfortunately whatever happen  zaccutti it. enforcing thr government respond  takewallstreetnyt "whatever happened american left?   left quiet  loud? [obama co opted left.]rthedges "power elite define whatever failure."   occupywallstreet  usdorrton hand wall street criminals nypd behaving thugs. hand  jesus hate hippies.rtdn editorial "[w]hatever technicalities  aqueduct mocks spirit constitution."rtwhatever happened american left?  page best..reconnect w/ordinary people.i support  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  usdor  accept  permit politics hate country.rtwhatever main base    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtbrooklyn 111 clymer st swastika found  ground floor. wspu & hate crime units scene.a random lady isyou blowing feed hate...is twitter sending too...rtfact 99%  sept17 choose peaceful revolution  war    occupywallstreet  iwilloccupy  createnothate(just protestors hate wall street shenanigans  doesn mean hate you. fyi.)women pepper sprayed & handled? hate  bullies   pigs acting bosses bloomberg & kelly.rtinbred cat hates hippies   tcot  usdor  occupywallstreet  p2rtrtinbred cat hates hippies   tcot  usdor  occupywallstreet  p2and folks wonder black folks hate cops meantakewallstreet notre dame protests—they don own flaws  folk ll hate  em.  sept17wow rtbrooklyn 111 clymer st swastika found  ground floor. wspu & hate crime units scene.hungry? eat banker  whatever happened american left?rtif republicans hate government bad  running run government?   occupywallstreet  p2  sept17
rthas nfl tackling changed crackdown hits head? look tape startingwill smith former nyc apartment hits market $19.5 millionherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistmight time trip town rtmalaysia noodle festival hits meatpacking district 4 tuesday lunchherman cain  gop presidential candidate   hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racist“gop presidential candidate  hits @ morgan freeman calling  teaparty  racistf^^king stupid shits    girl bathrrom >> yfrog photo   shared bypolicemisconductrtherman cain  gop candidate  hits morgan freeman 4 calling tea party  racist    tppatriots  tpe  teaparty  tcotpower blackout hits chile shuts copper minesherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtherman cain  gop candidate  hits morgan freeman 4 calling tea party  racist    tppatriots  tpe  teaparty  tcotrtherman cain hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtherman cain hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling ..rtlightsaber battle 2011 world nerdiest flashmob hits washington square parkwill smith former nyc apartment hits market $19.5 millionwill smith former nyc apartment hits market $19.5 millionartsbeat blog reality hits york  housewives  rertgovernment borrowing hits record august   osborne admit wrong?  ukuncut
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told today 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.a web tool automate internetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told toladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...rthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & losertplease spread people groundrturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtrtoccupywallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchcalls presidentto send negotiators listen & act  occupywallstreet demands    nypd violenceff  occupywallstreet packagethanks peacert"rtmy report foronand mass arrests.   occupywallstreetrtrtnette kleine doku zu  occupywallstreet  viatakewallstreetpic  nypd kettle netting father pushing toddler baby stroller yesterday  occupywallstreet marchrton top  famine   unspeakable violence  viaboston red sox continue slide al wild card race  yankees aj burnett ...rttrust citizen media  followrtweetrthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet orange nets  fun play little game tug  war nypd  stronger
rtit 100 hundred protestors arrested mention thetakewallstreet journalism dead.ny times article makes brief mention fbi investigating  occupywallstreet august.  takewallstreetwe mention protests tour. people cheer   support it. fyirtyou massive presence  occupywallstreet 1 mention twitter account  total media blackout situation?michael moore mentioned occupy wall st cnn.  hopeitspreadslikewildfirertnot seen.  cover  occupywallst   mention onrtny times article makes brief mention fbi investigating  occupywallstreet august.  takewallstreetinterviews mayor bloomburg mention  occupywallstreet ?  guys completely oblivious reality.i  occupywallstreet purpose is. mention forecloser fraud.rtoccupywallstreet mentioned local news  krdo. strong  ignore anymore   occupydenver  libertysquare  owsrtwe mention protests tour. people cheer   support it. fyisweet mention baby boy paper   thankscc“here info free dental screenings mentioned  freedentalscreenings  nycin brazil  weekly magazine "carta  capital" mentioned moviment. means it´s job  congratulationsi mentioned live chat  social media recruit unemployed  people  weight  huge untapped resource.big thanks mentionsyou ve  mentioning architects tweets : )“meet press interviews mike bloomberg  mention  occupywallstreet (cont)this. rtmentioned earlier  "no fear.  slavery won re instated."  depend… (cont)rtconconconjust mentioned     owsgreat  sir.  thank much.  quick write mention    occupywallstreet
finance minister quit russian government   york times fox newsfinance minister quit russian gover...rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...just reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  read"it wail st" ny daily news front page     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet"it wail st" ny daily news front page    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpolice riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24rtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.occupywallst occupy wall street life poor hell    usa  newyorkoccupywallst difference tunisian police dictature nd york police :nothing protecting richsrtkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignaloccupywallstreet fuck obama administration nd richs    usa fuck police york  usa  newyork  sep17rthonest  question  abuse necessary?  canada watching  occupywallstreet
rtthe blue screen >> eli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player week:) rteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrtthe blue screen >> eli named nfc offensive player weekeli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrteli named nfc offensive player weekrtolemiss rteli named nfc offensive player week
rtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)rtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobacco   needsoftheoccupiers  ows  ourwallstreetoccupy wall street   tweet student loan debt medical debrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwant support? wall street. donate medical supplies/food?rtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobaccoourwallstreet”rtrtattn  occupywallstreet medical emergency clinic 16th street bt… (cont)rtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtaw  stopped medical supplies. love people.  needsoftheoccupiersrtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobacco   needsoftheoccupiers  ows  ourwallstreetrtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobaccoourwallstreet”telling truth sex & prostate cancer docs cited medical journal studies  reality differs (nyt)rtmedical team duct tape  epipens  inhalers  cloths/bandanas  towels  medical tape. sterile preferred.  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17rtwant support? wall street. donate medical supplies/food?rtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobacco   needsoftheoccupiers  ows  ourwallstreetrtskilled medical personnel  occupywallstreet. doctors medics manhattan  please help liberty plaza.  usdorrtaction items  updated w/ medical instructions  occupywallstreet action <>rtattn  occupywallstreet medical emergency clinic 16th street bt… (cont)rtvinegar  milk magnesia  bandanas  occupywallstreet medical supplies   & tobacco   needsoftheoccupiers  ows  ourwallstreet
rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtrtsep17 nypd sucker punches protester officer restrained o...rtshould nypd officers trained crowd control?wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threats violent clash marching the...rtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtnyt suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.rtsep17 nypd sucker punches protester officer restrained occupy wall str...   occupywallstreetwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatswall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threats violent clash marching the...nypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.rtsep17 nypd sucker punches protester officer restrained occupy wall str...   occupywallstreetuk six muslims accused plotting jihadist suicide attack 2 trained pakistan & martyrdom videos  ourwallstreetstudy inoculation science “wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.
msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "theshame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  viartmaking noise twitter style using  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet addstorm mediartnew pinac post msnbc lawrence donnell criticizes nypd cops aggressors  occupywallstreetrtrt  occupywallstreet day 7 marchpeaceful“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”rtyou didnt important. cover countless tea party rallies  nbc cover? truthfully?  ourwallstreetrtcant believe msm ignoring this. rtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstmsnbc intense piece nypd brutality sunday       occupywallstreettakewallstreetrtthere actual  news happening  nyc pls cover  occupywallstreet<hamhouke> lawerance msnbc offer bologna task. occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<hamhouke> lawrence legitimate tear msnbc  maddow.   occupywallstreet  occupywallst (cont)marc adler letter  occupywallstreet americans & progressive  mediartcrazy  justify egypt & nycrt“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsrtshame onfor covering  occupywallstcheck video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viartsave usaron paul deserves publicity   foxnews  msnbc  cnn shame    ronpaul  gop  bieber  obama  love ron paul  occupywallstrtplz adopt cutie pie urgentpepper spray cop dark nypd   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  npr  cbs  nbc
23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????????? ??? ?????? ??? ??????? ?? ??? ????? ???????? ?????   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  yerevan  rally  opposition  sksela  hima23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ??? ? ??????? ? ???????????? ?? ?????????? ? ??????? ?????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima?????????? ??? ?? ????? ???????????rt?? ????????? ?? ???? ????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? ?? ????? ???? ????   armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  himart???????????????  ???? ??? ??????  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23rt?? ? ??????????? ??????  ????? ??? ????????  23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ???????????))))))))rt23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ????? ????????? ??????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima    ??? ? ????? ?…. ????????????? ????? ????????? ??????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima    ?????? ??))))rtcuomo replacement indian power found   fukushima  indianpoint  entergythe japanese government killed thousands animals fukushima.  please protest strongly.serjik bastards spaming  armenia  hima  libertysquarecuomo replacement power easily found indian  nuclear plant shut    fukushimart??? ? ?????? ????????? ??????? ????  libertysquare  armenia  23sep  yerevan  rally  opposition  sksela  himartourwallstreet look  gov telling     uspoli  fukushima  occupywallstreetourwallstreet look  gov telling     uspoli  fukushima  occupywallstreet23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ?????????? ??? ????????
rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreethey bros   usdor?dhs chemicals biological response unit wearing anonymous maskrtoccupywallstreet propane conversion kit honda eu200i generator. provide this?  usdorrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtdon censor usoccupywallstreetrtfuck anthony bologna. punished  occupywallstreet .rtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtrta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned gr...rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thankrtupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3w“how join anonymous beginner guide   anonymous  takewallstreet” simple advice. illegalrtbroadcasts wall street occupation  anonymous  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  susan sarandon  occupywallstreetrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowfss34    oppulse lieutenant commander log   opesr  giabo  anonymous  ourwallstreet  antisecnypdgit eeet   opesr  ourwallstreet  endthefed >>  occupythefed via  a99shields  blackflagmilitia  anonymous
hey  join  nyc? tell reason  iwilloccupy fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertwe  occupywallstreet world watches.rtpolice encroching protesters  demanding signs  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toortif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetiwilloccupy am sick bankers 100 millions 16% americans live below poverty levels  occupywallsteet  usdorrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtrtchanging planes & ny. meet aft. liberty. //  iwilloccupyrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtvideo  police violently arresting peaceful protesters  libertyplaza //ow.ly/6ziyj  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrtjoin  nyc? tweet reason 2  iwilloccupy top 5 free round trip nyc & sleeping bag arrival  takewallstreetrtif ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet guide   iwilloccupy  sep17nypd announces street closures expected traffic delays september 17th & 18th   occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyyork    occupywallstreet   iwilloccupy  sep17rtiwilloccupy bcause cant job willing hard  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtiwilloccupy wall street american dream  america.
rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarerti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetmeltdown   crashed world   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetpolice riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24video collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvictim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreeticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetwatch video      occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet   libertysquarertpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare
boring. more.  23sep  libertysquare  opposition  armeniarally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ????? ?? ?? ??????. ??? ? ?? ??????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ??????? ?????? ????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep vay qoranam es levonchike ekavrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep es uxaki sarsapum em vor patkeracnum em vor levona kara lini mer erkri naxaganrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep levon ba asa  te vonces narkotik zenq tsaxel23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????????? ??? ?????? ??? ??????? ?? ??? ????? ???????? ?????   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  yerevan  rally  opposition  sksela  hima23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima ??? ? ??????? ? ???????????? ?? ?????????? ? ??????? ?????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima?????????? ??? ?? ????? ???????????rt"someone bad condition here"   manukyan. cals doctor left scene.   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rallylibertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rally  ?????? ?? ?? ?????????libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rally ????? ??? ??? ?? ???? ?? ???????????  ?? ??? ?? ????? 2 ??)))))????rtrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare  23sep ??????????? ?????? ????? ??????? ??))rtarmenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela ???? ???? ?????????libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rally  ?? ????? ????? ?....rtstepan demirjyan speaks   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rallyrt?? ????????? ?? ???? ????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? ?? ????? ???? ????   armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima
rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorwe solar panel    + inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdor messege detailsrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ...rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstree...rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ...rtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  generalstrikertneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers solar panel    200 500 watt  + 1 watt inverter  takewallstreet  ows  usdor
rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginyou essay nypd; hints montaigne. . .rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginoutrageous. rtoccupywallstreet  msm  cbs  msnbc usingreport hinting protesters peacefulit bs. signature  hint authority ordered. similar yesterday too.video manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor please"how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin"rtmichael moore rev. jesse jackson support occupy wall street  imaging alec baldwin join in. :) hint.  ourwallstreetrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtoutrageous. rtoccupywallstreet  msm  cbs  msnbc usingreport hinting protesters peacefulrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtrtoutrageous. rtoccupywallstreet  msm  cbs  msnbc usingreport hintin… (cont)rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin
1staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallstst. john red storm basketball coach steve lavin undergo treatment ...nypd violence  occupywallstreet tea partiers receive treatment? |  p2rtwhere isregarding  occupywallst? authorized aggressive treatment peaceful protesters? (via)rtnypd violence  occupywallstreet tea partiers receive treatment? |  p2st. john red storm basketball coach steve lavin undergo treatment ...rtinstigating & inhumane treatment .against peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters  nypd   fightoppressionrt“instigating & inhumane treatment .against peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters  nypd  fightoppressionrtbloomberg talks sense economy "science"  mtp...but martin police treatment  occupywallst.“instigating & inhumane treatment .against peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters  nypd  fightoppressionwhere isregarding  occupywallst? authorized aggressive treatment peaceful protesters?rtoccupywallst pepper spray officer civil claim treatment protester  2004 bush demo  owsrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallstrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallstrt1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylart. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimertrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleasertheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.you flash mob lobby bank america buildingjust reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  readrtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersneedsoftheoccupiers needed?rtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viaoccupywallstreet  occupywallstlooking   occupyamericartdon afraid revolution   occupywallstreet  nycpower people plse share aroundrtwe front cover daily news      ourwallstreet sep17rtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdor
rt?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreetrt????nyc??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????ny?????rti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?alecbaldwin nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?rti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?rti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?is scandal  many? decide.rti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?rti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?rtrti nypd officers 2 right. protesting right. 9 11 kill 2 protest ny?i nypd officers whats right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?rti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?rti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?did hurt ny?< sick troll paedophiles funny?  isreal  teamwc  jcot  edl  andreaurbanfox   uaf< sick troll paedophiles funny?  isreal  teamwc  jcot  edl  andreaurbanfox   uaf< sick troll paedophiles funny?  israel  teamwc  jcot  edl  andreaurbanfox   uafneedsoftheoccupiers any?rti nypd officers 2 right. protesting right. 9 11 kill 2 protest ny?rtrti nypd officers 2 right. protesting right. 9 11 kill 2 protest ny?so water main break shut abcd service. hurricane  irene nada. irony?
stephen exec director interviewed cheryl williswe re newsrtvideoraves greening & sustainability efforts   14ygreenrtmonday announcement <>. rtjay headline concert barclays centercan story nycacc  newyorkcity annimal control kill policy changed kill shelter;rt “judge lawsuit filed utility wake 9/11 "far fetched"  oh wellrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersrtvolatile dow drops 400  <~dow below 10 000.  ?“jee thanks  rtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injury  yikesupdate wall street protests continue  nypd remains mum pepper spray   ny1.com  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplazartjay headline concert barclays centerthe  nypd ashamed actions.  handle peaceful demonstration  they?what am doing gun? doing one? i’m sheriff  statenisland  aliceaustenwhat am doing gun? doing one? i’m sheriff  statenisland  aliceaustenrtmt"what w/  walmartnyc...is net loss jobs & reduction wages & benefit levels"like hearmtgetting ready  nycutshurt press conference  nyc today. parents tell real story.rtbloomberg bully pulpit & refuses 2 fight 4  millionairestax. $4.6b cld eliminate cuts  whyrtrip 2my little cousin kyanna  smh believe rtbrooklyn teen dies ...shame onfor brutality rtnypd silent pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protestersshame  nypd brutality  rtnypd silent pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protesters
rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)i admire urging people contact senators protesting streets  occupywallstrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. frrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet warm  folks. special admire you.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  america  usa sleep <3rt“ women wallstreet  occupywallstreet”this video worth watching admire womenrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet warm  folks. special admire you.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  america  usa sleep <3rtoccupywallstreet warm  folks. special admire you.  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  america  usa sleep <3hot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtgreat people admired heard  fuckyoutimgeithner  fuckyoubenbernanke  fuckyoumichaelboomberg  occupywallsttony bennett views terrorism violence admire  viarthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell ...rtgreat people admired heard  fuckyoutimgeithner  fuckyoubenbernanke  fuckyoumichaelboomberg  occupywallstrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtrtrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. frrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)
call  economicjustice common cause workers  tea party  progressives  libertarians  greens  occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetweather nature preparing ya revolution progresses.  thx4hangingtough  occupywallstreetrtmedia phone email   occupywallstreet  ows  wiunion viaiconic protester/got knees/screamed bank4 taking’ parents home?  p2takewallstreet  liar liar pants on..rtobamaadviserswarnedofloandanger solyndra failure bit.ly/op3ibe  takewallstreet  p2  nowthatsprogressive thanks adminrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtwhy protests wall street financial industry impoverished 60m people   sept17marc adler letter  occupywallstreet americans & progressive  mediartscathing. ginia bellafante writes  occuppywallstreet "lack cohesion" & "wish pantomime progressivism"we ve moved racial profiling facial profiling america. progress.  ows  occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet progressrtwhy ok  nypd treat  occupywallstreet protestors condemn nations thing?  shamertoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtunderground politics  msnbc interviews  occupywallstreet protester kelly heresy   takewallstreet  tlot  topprog  p2rtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto video   usdor please rtrtif  follow & support  occupywallstreet effort.


rtprotesters continue flood  wallstreet   sept17  takewallstreet  cdnpoli  ableg  uspoli  p2  p2b  endwar  endpovertyrtlegal info fr.  nlg  sept17 peaceful occupation  wallstreet   nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspolirtperhaps shouldn stop wall street. occupy corporate media hqs nyc?   connecttheleft  p2  p2b  p21blog post  wall street reaction protests  p2  p2b  topprog     occupywallstreet  usdor  diggrthow id agent provocateur   sept17  wallstreet  nyse  ows  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli  oct6  stocks  nycrtcome join wall street  viap2  p2b  topprog  occupywallstreet.these theatrics embarrassing   fasleflag  occupywallstreet  bahrain  nypdp2  p2b.they provoke pretend   fasleflag  arabspring  occupywallstreet  bahrain  nypdp2  p2bthere real instances misconduct  nyc. don antagonize  nypd claim abuse.  occupywallstreet  bahrainp2  p2b.here  bahrain op hacking page requested   fasleflag  occupywallstreet  nypdp2  p2brtwall street = legalized online gambling.  pay. play.   usdor  occupywallstreet  sept17  gop  p2b  tcot  topprogrt[important] bring camera  record  upload   sept17  wallstreet  nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli  nysertcome join wall street  viap2  p2b  topprog  occupywallstreet  usdorrtcome join wall street  viap2  p2b  topprog  occupywallstreetrtcome join wall street  viap2  p2b  topprog  occupywallstreetrtunited pilots picket wall street.  occupywallst support   connecttheleft  unionmember  p2  p21  p2b  wiunionrtcome join wall street  viap2  p2b  topprog  occupywallstreetrtprotesters continue flood  wallstreet   sept17  takewallstreet  cdnpoli  ableg  uspoli  p2  p2b  endwar  endpovertyrtwe supplies. support.org 347 640 0925    usdor  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  p2b  p2carthow id agent provocateur   sept17  wallstreet  nyse  ows  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli  oct6  stocks  nycrtcome join wall street  viap2  p2b  topprog  occupywallstreet
food thought...the fraying nation decencyrt"32 pictures police brutality  occupywallstreet protestssexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...my fav. author doubt  paulo coelho discusses  aleph   novelthere’s revolution brewing  occupy wall street enters week  viadigg  usdorrtremember remember 5th november   officer maced protestors? help identify  occupywallstreetsexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...sexual assault trial riverside church basketball program ernest ... nov. 17 hearing westchester county...haha  nyt piece obama brightidea innovation hard hatrtcondolences noveliston death husband justin feldman  city ny.rtamazing photos here. mtfiltered thru hundreds crowd sourced photos 8 days  occupywallstreetrtcondolences noveliston death husband justin feldman  city ny.television lynn novick  ken burns’s partner filmmaking   “prohibition” project documentary ...rtthanks wall street  entrepreneurs investors eachother plan innovate grow economy.  occupywallstreetbut ours  ours her. unless cubs ivan nova :)is novelty perry wearing off? herman cain wins florida straw polli amazing news coverage  occupywallstreet mainstream media.russell banks’s novel ‘lost memory skin’   review russell banks’s “lost memory skin ” sex off...rtremember jet ski east river? charity 4 brain injury research 4 vets  htrtegypt parliamentary election  popular revolt ousted mubarak  start nov 28    egypt news agencythere’s revolution brewing  occupy wall street enters week  viadigg  usdor
anyone notice  occupywallst odd foreign flavour?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  phnm  p21occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21from pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21rttwitterswarm   media contact sheet call demand cover  occupywallstreet  =  p21  p2  news  lgbtrtremember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreetrtperhaps shouldn stop wall street. occupy corporate media hqs nyc?   connecttheleft  p2  p2b  p21video    nypd beats pepper sprays innocent demonstrators occupy wall street   call media     p21  p2  lgbttwitterswarm   media contact sheet call demand cover  occupywallstreet  =  p21  p2  news  lgbttwitterswarm   media contact sheet call demand cover  occupywallstreet    p21  p2  news  lgbtrt“remember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreet”rtrtlove  retweet write occupy wall street dollar bills  circulation    p2  p21occupywallstreetrtremember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreetrttakewallstreet twitter   trendsmap   occupywallstreet trending world   usdor  unity  p2  topprog  p21rt?  occupywallstreet idea  write occupy wall street dollar bills  circulation    p2  p21rtlove  retweet write occupy wall street dollar bills  circulation    p2  p21occupywallstreetrtnypd snatch  arrest  throw  occupywallstreet protester barricade video    p2  p21  dems  taxtherichrtnypd pepper sprays girls  pbs correspondent jailed reporting  occupywallstreet story  pics   p2  p21wow  excellent  occupywallstreet protesters recognized cancer story  wisdom & warnings.  p1  p21  1u
rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tr… (cont)rtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtthere 12 349 people following.  time  computers streets actually somethinrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiersrtwith  nypd targeting media equip  cameras  webcams  computers  cables  tripods  headphones  needsoftheoccupiers
this  njtransit  news tweet 2 1/2 hours latein transit blog designblok  design comes praguelibyans qaddafi loyalists mounted raid algeria officials transitional government supporte...rtin transit blog designblok  design comes praguertrtgrieved mom urges hit & run driver selffour stuck trains causing massive delays nj transit  stuck trains causing...   bkthe popo presence mad thick coming path wtc  iwilloccupy  intransit  occupywallstreetrtrtrtgrieved mom urges hit & run driver selfnazarethhousing  bowerymissiontransitionalcenter approached?  occupywallstreet  potentialalliesrtnypd plans extra patrols subwayrtthe popo presence mad thick coming path wtc  iwilloccupy  intransit  occupywallstreetrtthe popo presence mad thick coming path wtc  iwilloccupy  intransit  occupywallstreetrtlooking  oh york  kinda gift? transit museum help. click  shop transit   www.mta.infortin transit blog designblok  design comes praguetransforming services public transit   smart+connected  mtaonthegortthe popo presence mad thick coming path wtc  iwilloccupy  intransit  occupywallstreetrtthe popo presence mad thick coming path wtc  iwilloccupy  intransit  occupywallstreetlibyans qaddafi loyalists mounted raid algeria officials transitional government supporte...another mistrial declared former transit officers  road rage trialamtrak  nj transit service restored following powersubnews thanks lenny wiggins  nyc transit  photos water main clean up.

please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrtfascinating look inside nypd counterterrorism unit cbs  60 minutesnypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city  police plane  hitechcj  mmotrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutescheck video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  viawatch 3 minutes  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreetcheck video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  viaandy rooney retiring  60 minutes  cbs news legend andy rooney stepping role weekly ...rtrtows rtthe nypd tracks 2000 cameras manhattan. 450 wtc alone. fee… (cont)nypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city police plane  hitechcjbut "60 minutes (of propaganda)" tells nypd keeping safe hasn shot planes yet.nypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city police plane  hitechcjso hard goodbye; reduced role rooney "60 minutesrtmsnbc "why nyc protest violent weekend  wasnt protesters fault ~ coming minutes  occupywallstreet  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutesrtthe nypd radiation detectors sensitive people receiving radiation therapy set off.  60minutesjust train 5 minutes ago met people  occupywallstreet.  ourwallstreet  wiunionkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. freakishrtfascinating look inside nypd counterterrorism unit cbs  60 minutesrtplease  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrttonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.
rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)if origami fails... bet toilets busy ... :)rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtsep. 27   occupywallstreet by(featuring)   viartus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilwhere outrage? oh yeah  oil. rtsaudi woman sentenced 10 lashes   driving carwhat re reading fields propel americas top oil companies’ listsrtsep. 27   occupywallstreet by(featuring)   viawill " american spring "?  oilty controlled bigmedia prevent  own media   occupywallstreetrtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)great piece nytimes wed ( read) 2 weaken power former oil former national security advisor robert crtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrtrtwow. saudi censorship canadian media & ethicaloil.org york times    oilsands  tarsandsrtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)a canadian oil ad vexes saudis ad produced canadian oil sands advocacy lambasting saudi arab...rtthere astounding occupations formulating carried tonight u.s… (cont)rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilif ve clean toilet minimum wage   occupywallstreet. seo  nfl   football   mainstreambullshitteryetcrtwhat wall st doesn oil prices  occupywallstreet   usdor
rtexclusive 100 cops involved nypd ticket fixing probe « cbs yorkwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march  viavote pollrtwe re 600+ strong  riverfronttimes article  occupystl movement   occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  stl  missouripoll 56% surveyed barack obama worse president  ... half surveyed p...bloomberg wasn hiding poll watching payment  ex aide haggerty trial former mayor bloombe...rt90% believe peaceful. makes sense  are. poll   occupywallstreet  p2rtoccupywallstreet 15 polls issues. power  people vote occupywallstreet.rowvote.com pls rt.rtit   globalrevolution  occupywallst  occupystl <    indeedvetted?occupywallstreet 15 polls issues. power  people vote occupywallstreet.rowvote.comrtlocation poll    occupymn  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  occupychicago  that1friendpoll 56% surveyed barack obama worse president  ... half surveyed p...poll quinn leads dems mayor race voters choose mayor  democrats f...herman cain stunning florida gop straw poll winnerrtmore americans prefer text chat  pollmitt romney wins michigan straw polllol government dislike/like poll faux news 81% americans dislike   revolution  takewallstreet  occupywallstthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll mr. romney won 51 percent vote str...is novelty perry wearing off? herman cain wins florida straw pollcain stunning fla. gop straw poll winnermtoccupywallstreet 15 polls issues. power  peopl… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet 15 polls issues. power  people vote occupywallstreet.rowvote.com pls rt.
rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreetrt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.rt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtoccupyphoenix phoenix police dept arrest protestors 6pm  15oct  occupywallstreet  occupyamericayep  oct15  occupybaystreet babyrtoccupymn october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  occupywallstreetpleaserthelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetoctober2011  chris hedges   occupywallstreet  oct6  usdor  stopthemach2011  yeswecamp  owsoctober2011  chris hedges:why   occupywallstreet  usdor  oct6  antibanks  sep17ray mcgovern   occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011  oct6  sep17  yeswecamp  usdoroctober6  time different.this time leaving    usdor  stopthemach2011 plz. retweetchris hedges   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismdavid swanson   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismkaren malpede   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismstop machine    stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatism  takebackamericawe flag liberty square & liberated zones   occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  takebackamerica  usdor  october2011  antibanksrtcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet<truehammer> dallas held oct 6th?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrt9 banqueros esclavizan al mundo   15m  takewallstreet  15oct
rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrteuro zone death tripthe price cheap  food | disinformation  /nytimessnooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s...just reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  read"adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtfilm examines challenging economics facing teachersrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtadéu catalonia matadorsrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsi support of.  ? is; change blood? don 99% wil… (cont)rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjust“frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81  "rtgps hollywood sign beaten pathrtfinance minister quit russian governmentnytimes google doodle honors jim henson friendly monstersamerican police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnell

““update police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet””rtrtrtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtjust tuned  move beltway politics talk peoples  politics  occupywallst ?   doitbe   date.  started tonight  stay tuned.rtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetno confirmation. re marching now. stay tuned...  occupywallstreetrtjust released  brothers & sisters plaza.. stay tuned 50gb wild video  viewable asapwe ve  occupywallstreet inspired stuff coming way. stay tuned.rtrtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtsecuring mifi unit speak socan report live  occupywallst. stay tuned. ready slumber party?a pleasure. stay tuned progress.update police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetjust released  brothers & sisters plaza.. stay tuned 50gb wild video  viewable asaprtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtupdate police coming north south side. stay tuned   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetnot arent moving is. stay tuned 2 handles.
rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetpoliisi hyökkäsi wall streetilla  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  nypdkukaan ei voi ennustaa vallankumousta  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows"it wail st."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsguardianin raportti wall streetin lauantaista  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsoccupy seuraa yhdysvaltain vallankumousta täällä  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owswall street  päivä 8  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtoccupywallstreet front page theoccupywallstreet  owsrtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediartrtpoverty america  //  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  owsrtmy favorite hashtags  ows  occupywallstreet  keitholbermann  michaelmoore  occupyla  occpychicago  cornelwest  naomiklein  occupyus   truthrtabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.occupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrta recap events saturday  occupywallstreet   ows .... americans == proud & powerless....“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetis associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsrtoccupy wall street raging grannies support liberty plaza | suite101.com   p2  ows  usdor
rt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorperry own troy davis headachertat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet retweetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetmeltdown   crashed world   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedpolice crack  occupy wall street  protests  viartmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtrtwax poetic bout separation leg  exec  jud powers.  owned fickle disloyal incom… (cont)rt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreet1staid4  teargas >>> panic producing calm deal  occupywallstrtnypd pins  mace peaceful female protesters pls      takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  wallstreet   amazing atmosphere  ppl power  real stuff   sept17  downwithcorruptionrtmubarak style police crackdown wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  tcotrtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardrtpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution livedid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtyow revradio real  devil qwerty   occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe buy bull burning  democracy  secular wormpool  occupywallst  takewallstreetrt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17nypd anti terrorism squad equipped planes
rtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtanyone willing background  occupythenation twitter. originality occasion.  occupywallst  ows  otn  usdorrtposter strike  occupy  takeover.   occupywallstreet  occupylartneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtrtkeep date  occupywallst   otnrtplease "occupy nation" fb   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  otn  usdorrteasy join  using fb couple clicks. "like" fb updates   occupywallstreet  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrt looking couple folks helping posting "occupy" news articles site.  occupywallst  otnrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtget word people aren date   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  otn  ows  whynownot arrests  reports cell service shutdowns riots week… (cont)rtalmost 500 followers twitter  plz tell friends. date  occupywallst   otnrtthe raging grannys  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythenation  otn  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  peoplealwaysrtplease missing   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupythenation  otn  ows  slipknot  peoplealwaysrtget word people aren date   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  otn  ows  whynowrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtposter strike  occupy  takeover.   occupywallstreet  occupylartwethepeople  occupyearth believe  whynow?  whynotthen?  whynotnow?  occupywallstreet  usdori interested.  occupywallst  otn
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterartrt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  takewallstreet  twitterart
rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtthank retweeted  occupywallstreet video. gone viral possibly censored. online social media ftwrtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toortunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toorti swallowed bieberblock excuse whencensored  wikileaks  "not current" lie explain  takewallstreet gone.rti agree. locked posting fb  revolution page hours evening  sept17  occupywallst  takewallstreet  censoredrtprevious hashtags censored  change hashtag  ourwallstreet rt.rtrtprevious hashtags censored  change hashtag  ourwallstreet rt.  connectthelefty  troydavis wasn trending topic progressive email &  twittermessages censored & uk   yahoo  occupywallstreetrtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toortoccupywallstreet censored.  ourwallstreet. message    trending.  "rtrtoccupywallstreet censored.  ourwallstreet. message    trending.thanks 500+ followers   1 000+ tweets giving uncensored truth   occupywallstreet focus   takewallstreetrtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toortprevious hashtags censored  change hashtag  ourwallstreet rt.rtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toortprevious hashtags censored  change hashtag  ourwallstreet rt.rtoccupywallstreet  1 trending topic twitter america  > trendsmap   censored  p2  topprogrtprevious hashtags censored  change hashtag  ourwallstreet rt.yep....no eazzzy  dude...=(
rtfeel wall st. protesters don susan sarandonrtfull tour mcr town hall murals ed glinert association ford madox brow… (cont)rttimes square "pedestrian plaza" soon fledged pedestrian mall; street life diesrtfeel wall st. protesters don susan sarandonnow marketing slogan  mtbutcher shop julie powell questioning marriage opens...rtfeel wall st. protesters don susan sarandonrtfeel wall st. protesters don susan sarandonfeel dumb rtfeel wall st. protesters don susan sarandonrtyour readers
rtplease spread people groundrtanyone willing background  occupythenation twitter. originality occasion.  occupywallst  ows  otn  usdor<phlip_> help people ground?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat<blandsoda> luck people ground   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat“city cellphone service begins underground 4 subway stationsfollowfor updates  occupychi  occupywallstreet running.&on groundnypd plans extra patrols subway nypd ramping weekend patrols underground reverse recent 17...rtbrooklyn 111 clymer st swastika found  ground floor. wspu & hate crime units scene.i tough 10k grounds highclere castle lst wk 4 charity recommendedrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupychicago  creative sleeping assistance.  vans parked nearby  $ hostel. ceding groundgreat ground article rtthe  occupywallstreet march morningwe love country. liberals & conservatives common ground. americans.  occupywallstreetrtunderground politics  msnbc interviews  occupywallstreet protester kelly heresy   takewallstreet  tlot  topprog  p2rtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto video   usdor please rti hope re right. ground change  chaos slaughter streets. give.wow rtbrooklyn 111 clymer st swastika found  ground floor. wspu & hate crime units scene.rtcop throws wall st. protester ground obvious reason   occupywallst  nypdrta beautiful video wall street occupation via  occupywallstreet  libertypark  sept17please send library ground info parties  owslibraryrtthe  occupywallstreet movement example online campaign translated action ground |republic don jealous friend you. . playground stuff :)
greece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousoccupywallstreet  globalrevolutionrt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.rtneeds web designer asap  occupythehood  occupytogetherwatching globalrevolution  viaoccupywallstreetrtpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution livedoes. www.livestream.com/globalrevolutionrtoccupy federal reserve minneapolis   usdor  occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  europeanrevolutionis real  protest means violence expect nypd?     globalrevolution live>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viausdor  takewallstreet>>> michel moore <<< watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usador>>> live <<<  watching globalrevolution  viatakewallstreet  usadorrtwe re 600+ strong  riverfronttimes article  occupystl movement   occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  stl  missourirtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetall support to15m  globalrevolution  globalchangertmexico ban shark fishing global sanctuary movement grows    sharks  conservation  sanctuarydemands  occupywallstreet movement   takewallstreet  libertysquare  sept17  15o  globalrevolutionrtall support to15m  globalrevolution  globalchangeglobal education reform  student deserves excellent education  tfa   global  teachforall  educationreformrtnyc sends love  libertysquare beautiful citizens that4  globalrevolution renaissance
just commuication via facebook friends/and furfriends here. email via cable company secure.nyt ed "the solyndra ‘panic’:"  solar company’s failure deter robust public investments clean energy.rtoccupywallstreet protestors mobile (with video seemingly  questionable force police)cuts layoffs   jobs     housing slump forces cuts town company  viartin company town  cuts layoffsrtoccupywallstreet protestors mobile (video seemingly  questionable force police)rthousing slump forces cuts town companyour own kristi service sister company  service firm  air gail shane past weekend....feed offness housing slump forces cuts town company  [manual offable]feed offness housing slump forces cuts town company  [manual offable]housing slump forces cuts town company times tough marvin windows doors  empl...housing slump forces cuts town company times tough marvin windows doors  which...rtoccupytogether  occupyearth  takewallstreet  usdor  henrygeorge company ge… (cont)...dtn usa power assure helps cio’s manage server power  $13.5m data center power saving software company p...marvin doors laying   housing slump forces cuts town companyhousing slump forces cuts town company times tough marvin windows doors  empl...power assure helps cio’s manage server power  $13.5m data center power saving software company power assu...walgreen projects loss express scripts company losses amount $3 billion.rtoccupywallstreet protestors mobile (with video seemingly  questionable force police)a motor fuel wood? add water georgia company aiming refine technology can...??  tweet    ed ?  applause  gannett  company  vindicating  millions  freedom
rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagefeed offness media equation julian assange  gilded british cage  [manual offable]feed offness media equation julian assange  gilded british cage  [manual offable]the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...rtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange hunted t...the media equation julian assange  gilded british cagevideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cage wikileaks founder julian assange ...   freeassangenowrtthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagejulian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagertthe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagethe media equation julian assange  gilded british cagea tad ironic. rtthe lede blog assange lashes release ‘unauthorized autobiography’the media equation julian assange  gilded british cage hand look julian assange’s remote sanc...rtare eyes deceiving me? finally astory  assange isn smearjob   wikileaks
affirmative action bake sale students arms controversy cupcakes heating berkeley col...rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex berkeley college republicans bake sale with...affirmative action bake sale berkeley college students armsaffirmative action bake sale berkeley college students arms nina mandell controversy cup...affirmative action bake sale berkeley college students arms   york daily news"affirmative action bake sale uc berkeley students arms"... truth offending   tcotrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexaffirmative action bake sale berkeley college students arms   york daily news yes...   freespeech"‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex    really?  ignorantrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexso extremely narrow minded offensive rt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sex‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexuc berkeley students protest ‘racist’ republican bake sale | raw replay     occupywallstreetuc berkeley campus republicans hold affirmative action bake sale students arms.  lest forgetrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexrtaffirmative action bake sale berkeley college students armsrt‘diversity bake sale’ berkeley priced race sexi idea.. rtaffirmative action bake sale berkeley college students armscampus gopers held "affirmative action" bake sale uc berkeley  causing uproar
rtpolice macing people wall street protest threat   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetblogger reveals identity occupy wall street nypd senior responsible macing crowd  viawsusmrtthe tactics seen ignorance  slander  macing  arresting. failed epically. try tolerance  acceptance.  occupywallstreet  usdorrtpolice begin arresting photographers  indiscriminate macing occupy wall st. protest eventrtimportant read please ‘  occupywallstreet’ protests violent; video police macing women   usdor  usthanks nypd raping protesters merely macing violent women.   progressheywhy caging & macing peaceful protesters? re side. wall st. screwedcall nypd  brutalizing peaceful protesters. stop beatings  chokeholds  macing  release arrestedrtimportant read please ‘  occupywallstreet’ protests violent; video police macing women   usdor  usrtimportant read please ‘  occupywallstreet’ protests violent; video police macing women   usdor  usrtcall bloomberg; express outrage police penning women & macing (occupywallst.org) 212 442 8833rtrttwo discussed nypd supervisor macing protestors  ray kelly … (cont)rtway nypd   macing bunch penned hippie ladies face. courtesy  professionalism  respect indeedrtdear  nypd macing woman exercising peacefully assemble merely helped  occupywallst grow more. thank  xoxortthe atlantic slow motion analysis nypd macing trapped women  occupywallstreet extremely disturbing.rtslow motion macing kettled  occupy/wallstreet protesters pepper sprayed eyes nypd white shirt <>rtpolice macing people wall street protest threat   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtnypd comm. kelly resign macing unarmed protesters unacceptable. form    occupywallstreetrttwo discussed nypd supervisor macing protestors  ray kelly … (cont)rtpolice macing people wall street protest threat   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtwatching graphic  youtube footage  nypd macing  occupywallstreet demonstrators  thinking  re headlines? manhattan twisted
rtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto video   usdor please rtrtrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto video   usdor please rtblocker vote doesn protest conformist agenda.  occupywallstwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto video   usdor please rtfashionforward save date 11/17conformity jailer freedom enemy growth.   john f. kennedy  connecttheleft  gop  occupywallstrtfashionforward save date 11/17rtrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto video   usdor please rtrtfashionforward save date 11/17rtorganize effective coordinated nationwide political  actionforchange community.   1citizen1vote1dollarrtrtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto video   usdor please rtrtadéu adéu.... :d rtadéu catalonia matadorsrtitwaswrongto plan evict  ows protesters using "clean conform" tacticrta attitue nonconformity asian art museum
rtlas protestas en nueva york  policia reprimert“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinyou flash mob lobby bank america buildingrtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersmsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "thertchilling photos police protesters clashing  occupywallstreet.keep date  generalassembly york city.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallstrtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viaroflmao "the exercises classified"why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21nypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetcome longview texas   occupylongviewtx join usand nyc doorman is...rthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rtif re  occupywallstreet wish  check occupation near  movement grow last. win.rt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetrtrt.the world watching lasers...  occupywallstreet  opshadow
rtif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetmsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "thenew aqueduct casino thumbs computerized nose ny gambling lawsshame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  viahave mega corporations world  law ? visit  share opinion.walaikum salam  occupywallstreetamerican police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnellrtwtf nypd ? nypd cites 166 law banning wearing masks masquerade party (lol  halloween? )  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elitenot abovelaw   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetbanks  financiers  ruling elite law   reality exist serve capitalist ravenous markets  occupywallstreetrtpolice appear standing down; +7000 watching live.  occupywallstreet      globalrevolution live"never greedy  law." wealthy  connected greedy people (gluttons).rtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetthis guy  >... yeah  re gonna phone rally texas legalize  marijuana ...  occupywallstnypd sued times left track record lawyers   yours.| sport| patrick makau sets  world record  berlin     nj dc uk gb kenya dw malawi nigeria ethiopia la europe txrt “judge lawsuit filed utility wake 9/11 "far fetched"  oh wellrtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtnew pinac post msnbc lawrence donnell criticizes nypd cops aggressors  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreet“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”
where ishe arrested  takewallstreet protests lolrtwtf nypd ? nypd cites 166 law banning wearing masks masquerade party (lol  halloween? )  occupywallstreethis mom gonna try video tape properly. wait lolrthere ;)  lolthatshit  lollol "of bushwick"...sure ya honey.   occupyno   ny fans laughing   lol  redsoxlolnytimes hack nypd  didnt  publish   212.334.0611 tell police jobi ve there... lol. rtmaybe occupy deodorant stick.  p2  occupywallstwhen nadia nazmin safe completed queens townhall / moved out.  homeless  occupywallst lollol im argueing im trying inform. 18th  takewallstreet trended  ourwallstreet dayrtto onlivestream momentarily  occupywallstreetlol @ retweetin nyscanner shit hahahahalol yeartis mta twitter? dude  a/c set sub zero now. wtf? re freezingi ..team 99%     lolthere home =) lol rtnypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control.you guys headlines lolnah  "real saxon warriors" watb bit plastic? lol   edl  bnprthow gonna tweet corporate greed?   iphones   lol   occupywallstreetfor wondering sperm donor  check  lol..that u? rtzzzzzzrtturn self .. lol...  nyscanner brooklyn ...
rtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetweight loss guru offers golfers helprt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrthey major tv networks  ignore  occupywallstreet protests & unions none  hide truth & losertworkers world  unite. lose chains   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  wallstreetweight loss guru offers golfers help.((pats back)) day ll 3 rtmets fall cards  assured third straight losing season cbsloc.al/ow0jwna black eye  jets 34 24 loss raidersrtnew pinac post msnbc lawrence donnell criticizes nypd cops aggressors  occupywallstreetrtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rteverybody lost chunks  retirement derivatives speculating rich quick  occupywallstreet.weight loss guru offers golfers helpsad story “nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtwhen profit privatized & loss socialized  question motives.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  antibanksrtneedsoftheoccupiers space close  libertyplaza store rains. bag check system suave.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet
calamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrt20 police cars pulling broadway  lots sirens... getting ready scare?  takewallstreet  sept171staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallstn3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopn3kkid  occupywallst spokesmodel   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst spokesgenious   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocrajoni mitchell n3kkid  occupywallst ijit   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcotanyone notice  occupywallst odd foreign flavour?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  phnm  p21occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21from pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21both  teaparty &  occupywallst bogus *movements* (useful idiots sincere o/c).  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnmteaparty &  occupywallst t/won establishment squeal.  delivery  immigration  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnm  p2if  teaparty &  occupywallst weren bogus  establishment  immigration  trade  etc.  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgpto establishment  liheap debatable. reducing  immigration heresy.  teaparty  occupywallst  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  sgplots tweets/links otherwise. eh? know?  occupywallstreet isn trending list ny.lauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes 2007 european tour
rtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertoccupywallstreet los angeles  live feed    occupytogether  occupyeverywhere  sept17rtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertit sounds celebrities  occupywallstreet  occupywallstnyc  occupyeverywhere add clout.rt* privatizing profit socializing loss  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherert* congress  executive  & judiciary bought paid lobbyists  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherert* hard won union representation disbanded obscene corp exec salaries  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherert* constitution trampling  police  citizen surveillance  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherert* austerity measures depression leading trickledown disaster  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherert* gambling losing people money  demanding charity  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherestrong matter  occupyeverywherertrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertoccupy chicago photostream     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupyeverywhere  sept17  p2rtlooks hippies evicted.   occupyeverywhere   usdayofrage  occupywallst  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhere
rtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreetmichael moore cnn talking capitalism  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <sage_> doing talking (cont)rtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtmichael moore cnn  talking  occupywallst america5700 viewers guy talking smart.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  2thingsiknowrtmichael moore cnn  talking  occupywallst americartmichael moore talking abouton  cnn   ourwallstreet  occupywallstr  pccupychicago  occupythenationrtare talking  occupywallstreet   check thr podcast    usdorwhy talking  occupywallstreet? football important?  patheticrtwhy talking  occupywallstreet? football important?  patheticrtmichael moore cnn  talking  occupywallst americartrtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreethey 10:35 red haired guy talking susan sarandon. him. touch me?i money support  occupywallstreet talking huge  karma  shitthey re talking demands. media. object.  occupywallstfaceless/unaccountable? talking bank execs? police supposed protect people  occupywallstreetrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet live feed talking police brutalitychris hedges livestream  talking answering questions   occupywallstreetrtnypd shot themselves foot   mainstream media talking  occuppywallstreet & recognizes peaceful  instigators  owsrtmichael moore cnn  talking  occupywallst america
rtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtyou massive presence  occupywallstreet 1 mention twitter account  total media blackout situation?rtjust left  occupywallst   healthy peaceful crowd hundreds  sign dying  towners  heavy police presencertrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtpolice presence dwindled. ga happening. mellow atmosphere.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassemblyrtpolice presence dwindled. ga happening. mellow atmosphere.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassemblyrtwalking park lively discussions side. subdued mood side. nypd presence feels lighter mon night.  owsrt“hundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet  solidarityrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtwalking park lively discussions side. subdued mood side. nypd presence feels lighter mon night.  owsthe popo presence mad thick coming path wtc  iwilloccupy  intransit  occupywallstreetanonymous presence.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtrtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetmay shift change. rtreports police staging massive presence 2 blocks libert… (cont)rtimportant ~ covering police presence & surveillance  occupywallstreet rtgoing livehundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtthe popo presence mad thick coming path wtc  iwilloccupy  intransit  occupywallstreetrtthe popo presence mad thick coming path wtc  iwilloccupy  intransit  occupywallstreetrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet
thought rtsome pushing chris christie run presidentnyt profile speech ronald reagan library  christie didn address speculation 2012 run prez.nyt "after speech  christie revels pleas run:"  christie discourage speculation supporters.fyi  eeuu pushing chris christie run presidentfyi  eeuu gov. chris christie political fans guessingrtphoto susan sarandon zuccotti park occupy wall street protest oursome pushing chris christie run presidentsoallows "chris christie" trend  occupywallstreet?  fcking cowards.  twitter afraid movement   owseven dem vote christiesome pushing chris christie run president powerful donors activists ...maureen dowd republicans "drunk texting chris christie" lackluster debate performances.they bulldozer hernias   rtsome pushing chris christie run president  gop  govfatsosome pushing chris christie run president powerful don...   tcot  tlot  ocrasome pushing chris christie run president powerful donors activists ...rtchristie blocks tax credit ‘jersey shore’oh  dear... caucus speech  chris christie revels pleas runrtknowing gop candidates essential.  pushing chris christie run presidentchris christie marea la perdiz  sigo con que el ticket puede ser un romney / perry (desconozco el orden).video manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleaserttrump offers faint praise romneygov. christie biggest backers urging run.   traveling us.
mail| police arrest  50   occupywallstreet protests amid claims aggressive tactics    ourwallstreet usdor egypt nyrtnew mi   solidarity   occupymichigan  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarertrtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreetrtupdate 9 action items added  help  occupywallstreet? medical supplies <>   dailykos  dkosltp speaks   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rallyrtupdate 9 action items added  help  occupywallstreet? medical supplies <>   dailykos  dkosrtrtoccupywallstreet nypd throws fence onto head <> shame   nypdfail  takewallstreetrtupdate 9 action items added  help  occupywallstreet? medical supplies <>   dailykos  dkos(nyt 80 arrested financial distr).  note; comments section.rtjust sold copy john mccullough christopher reid<rtnew mi   solidarity   occupymichigan  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarepeople don listen ltp. uninteresting   23sep  yerevan  libertysquare   oppositionltp criticizes west  23sep  yerevan  libertysquare  oppositionit ltp supervises american opposition. speaks)  23sep  yerevan  libertysquare  oppositionrtltp speaks  wikileaks protocols  government.   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rallyshld realize w/ surveillance city  recorded multpl angles  occupywallstreetrtnew mi   solidarity   occupymichigan  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquareltp focused  wikileaks protocols  government. changed recent rally  libertysquare  23sep  oppositionltp urged person bring 5 people rally. means  hak dissatisfied  libertysquare  23sep
rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtmtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkmtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottipark

rtrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   tomalabolsa  ourwallstreetrtrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   tomalabolsa  ourwallstreetnypd announces street closures expected traffic delays september 17th & 18th   occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrt "noam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet"cuomo announces ibm  intel deal albany    gov. cuomo announced tuesday  led intel ibm will...rtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet    takewallstreetnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreetrtchompsky rules  noam chomsky announces  solidarity  occupywallstreet   takewallstreetcuomo announces ibm  intel deal albany    gov. cuomo announced tuesday  led intel ibm will...noam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreetrtrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   tomalabolsa  ourwallstreetrtnypd announces street closures expected traffic delays september 17th & 18th   occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtchompsky rules  noam chomsky announces  solidarity  occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet    takewallstreetrtnypd announces street closures expected traffic delays september 17th & 18th   occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet | occupywallst.orgrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet  ccone hope coincidence. rtoccupywallstreett broke leash imf announces prob...coincidence?webdesign google announces digital dead sea scrolls project week  jewish ...noam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet | occupywallst.orgnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet
20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquareiwilloccupy am sick bankers 100 millions 16% americans live below poverty levels  occupywallsteet  usdorrtmillions nypd pepper spray video slo mo   occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtmillions nypd pepper spray video slo mo   occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrt“we live world 1% protected served.”   occupywallstreethedge fund mgrs & speculators cornering mkt grain elevators (& starving millions process)  |   |  .  usdoriwilloccupy millions people died hands american military. world peace   takewallstreet  sep17rt20 reasons millions americans age 30 giving u.s. economy     occupywallstreet  usdorrtwhere nypd arrests wall st fraudsters taking millions bonuses firms bailed taxpayers?  occupywallstreetrtwhile teachers assignments class sizes rise  bloomberg wastes hundreds millions $ ...rtmillions nypd pepper spray video slo mo   occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtmillions nypd pepper spray video slo mo   occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtmillions nypd pepper spray video slo mo   occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrt"please tell  wallstreet protesters  greece citizens millions people fighting ...briefly education soros millions debating programsbriefly education soros millions debating programs society foundation  m...you representing millions us... god bless god speedrtif millions identify target handful specific  powerful greedy  fairer world.  occupywallstreetarresting peaceful demonstrators cd = tens . millions legal fees; 1 2 spread wealth    2 attorneysthe wall st. protestors represent 10s millions victims government business corruption fm @ world.??  tweet    ed ?  applause  gannett  company  vindicating  millions  freedom
eloquent provoking post concerning revolution   divorcegovtfrombigbusiness  occupywallstrtnew pinac post msnbc lawrence donnell criticizes nypd cops aggressors  occupywallstreetrtnew pinac post nypd cop berates threatens citizen photographing national 9/11 memorial.rtch34  public post40k+ views fags.  theworldiswatching  /v  fss34they poster board  markers poster sticks atim bout call  nypd theres kinda violence goin upstairs. ill posted actually respondoccupywallstreet poster idea  mikebloomberg  obama sucking wall st. bull balls ~  takebackamerica  usdor  libertyplaza  antibanksrtthanks  takewallst  solidarity  usdorrtthere actual  news happening  nyc pls cover  occupywallstreetorganizershares  occupywallst blog postgovernment obviously us. activists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protestersnyt "tagline ideas u.s. post office:"  promote united postal service.rtanonymous posts id nypd officer pepper sprayed  occupywallstreet protesters union squarertcrazy  justify egypt & nycdid capitalist camera? mtbusy posting  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet photos. 70 them.rtactivists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protesters union squarethank  rtthanks  takewallst  solidarity  usdorrt"wall st vampires"/  occupywallst /  reclaim democracy  bp & hedgefundersrtblog post  occupywallstreet  cheese officers  re busted   p2  topprog  usdor  owsrtposter strike  occupy  takeover.   occupywallstreet  occupylartblog post  occupywallstreet protests coming city near   p2  topprog  digg  usdor
rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetwall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform   occupywallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallst viainstant replay official makes wrong call benefit syracuse football  toledo ... dick weiss toledo footb...1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallstbbc teletext (tv text news) finally acknowledges  occupywallstreet.nypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...rtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2students  knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  studyrthere  complete hd speach dr.who led  generalassemly fortonight  enjoy :)rtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt “judge lawsuit filed utility wake 9/11 "far fetched"  oh wellrt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreet?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreettoo failed inspired sign  occupywallstreet  usdor  draw365 painted image 145/365rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet
occupywallst occupy wall street life poor hell    usa  newyorkoccupywallst wallstreet hell poors finish   nd protest  usaoccupywallst medias usa belongs rich poors   change nd     usartvideo rich richer ‘til poor  occupywallstsolidarity  ourwallstreetmap abortion rights disappearing  | poor  "abortion rights" meaningless phrase.we pissing rich  motivating poor  please spread word  occupywallstreet effectrtpiss poor americans   50% earn $26.5k year.  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17poor writing tmi? "the morning cummins williams found hot tub homeowner"small fixes self adjustable eyeglass lenses bring clearer vision poorrtone day poor left eat rich  occupywallstreet  usdorpoor babies  shock pampered butts rtwall street protesters pepper sprayed  cuffed...rt"the rich rules poor; borrows slave lender." prov 22.7  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrtgreat piece byexploding ridiculous myth poor people afford fresh  nutritious food.pooroccupywallst followers 9 days 4 yrs. talker steals ideasrtthese poor hippies sprayed horrible water   cleanliness stings    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet twitpic.com/6pzxwfrtnypd practices poor human relations police crack  occupy wall street  protests   thingspeopledothatgetmemadrt"one day poor left eat rich"  random sign  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetvideo rich richer ‘til poor  occupywallstsolidarity  ourwallstreetrtthose poor cops.. contact filthy hippies.. stench doesnt days..   usdor  occupywallstreet  usdayofragesteal poor  thingspeopledothatgetmemad  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtone day poor left eat rich. photo   takewallstreet
rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarerti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaremichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet32 pics:police brutality @ occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetmeltdown   crashed world   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetpolice riot report    mobilebroadcastnews  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreet 9 24video collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvictim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreeticonic image  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetprotesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetwatch video      occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet   libertysquarertpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.rtfascinating look inside nypd counterterrorism unit cbs  60 minutesrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told torttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtrtoccupywallstreet 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdorthere reason using mace people..rtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rtnypd pins  mace peaceful female protesters pls      takewallstreetrtrta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned gr...rtpolice macing people wall street protest threat   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrtnow watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voice“more 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdor”  oligarchy  democracyrtholy shit watch disturbing police pen  mace female protesters  occupywallstreet protest.rtour own jeanne mansfield maced  occupywallst. read account police brutality (plus video)rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreet
rtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.rtyow revradio real  devil qwerty   occupywallst  takewallstreetrtmelt holey roman  melt devil  melt masons  melt paedeo  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe buy bull burning  democracy  secular wormpool  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  listen &?  evading  opesr tactics?bill max keiser gold left fort knox  segment fractional reserve currency &  ows  sept17rti wrote article solidarity  occupywallst protestersrtthe road revolution 99% uprising (recut maxkeiser.com version)  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtnypd program "modeled israel operates west bank"  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwe stop relying parliamentary measures primary ave change. dir… (cont)rtglobal revolution live online  occupywallstreet  usdor  please rtff(via)cont.  pluggin  occupywallst wisconsin  fuck bill maher  tom micheal fantasticrtthe road revolution 99% uprising (recut maxkeiser.com version)  via  opesr  a99  ourwallstreetrtoccupy wall street true story   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  globalrevolution  ows  sept17rtwould times reporter dare write contemptuously ultra rich?  viaoccupywallstreetrtthere win battles confrontation... waiting forto dm way...rtel  15m neoyorquino entra en fase mediática encuentra nuevos aliados   ourwallstreetrttakewallstreet...  usdor r.e.s.p.e.c.t. max guys & dollz... love... hold tight... live...havent guys maxxed banks evil credit cards yet? crowd bigger weekends only.  occupywallstreetrtshockingly  evidence stockholm syndrome everywhere. don get. re getting ass raped daily banks.

rtoccupywallstreet occurs nasdaq actually foot  libertysquare.  ironicthe world believe americans actually truth  re zombies anymore:)  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourstreetim bout call  nypd theres kinda violence goin upstairs. ill posted actually respondthere website saying "voting" demands. actually site? pretending be?you actually... people wrong financial system & governmentsnyt cftc proposed rules critics actually encourage speculation commodities markets.rtwill please re tweet list ppl actually *in* nyc tweeting protest?  occupywallst  libertysquare  owsa day for&. 2 nets fan actually care.  brooklynnets.rtrtsupporting movement  occupywallstreet means actually stand a… (cont)great quote. actually evelyn beatrice hall voltaire.aw  thanks   actually feeling   eating & pooping & fighting phoebertwhoa  happened mta website. actually looks functional. kudosoccupywallstreetactually "occupy wall street" wikipedia page started point.i sent shocking video wshh & actually posted  65 000+ viewsrtus day rage   fox news coverage  ourwallstreet  fox cover  usdor sep 19  sep17  p2wow... really?... actually distance themselves that?.. hope?rtoccupywallstreet dude actually mad cuz im white    acting nervous scared. homey solidarityrtpeace  peace– peace. war actually begun   occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreetcan protestor revolutionary costume media mistake tea bagger & actually report  occupywallstreetrtdespite arrests ny  onabout  takewallstreet   starting wonder cnn actually news org.actually truck block stop liberty broadway.  occupywallst
rtrapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abuses...yesys mr. tibbs/nemesisr didn guys nows peachy ovrbdouglas lachance  led newspaper deliverers’ union  dies 69 garrulous  fisted labor leader  mr. la...in europe  outrage u.s. execution troy davis  “...a stain justice system us” ~ mr. badinterbesides councilmanwhat mr. foy victim  nypd? support  occupywallstreet too?dopey ebt vid booted youtube  mr. ebt  card youtube  either.flood victims getting fed congress mr. golembeski offered sardonic fight brought...ny times art news frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81 mr. driggs  writer  histo...frank driggs  jazz age historian photo collector  dies 81 mr. driggs  writer  historian record pr...rtmr.this petition publicly recognize...  occupywallstreet movement.  sign itmr. ebt sets record straight  via www.nydailynews.com york daily news tracked mr. ebt  guy...jessy dixon  gospel singer songwriter  dies 73 mr. dixon told associated press 1997 ...video ripped conservatives  rapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abusesdopey ebt vid booted youtube  mr. ebt  card youtube  either.rtwhat  occupywallstreet  mr. baldwin?»sets record straight  via www.nydailynews.com york daily news tracked mr. ebt  guy...maybe parody doubt ripped conservatives  rapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abusesthe caucus surprise  romney wins michigan straw poll mr. romney won 51 percent vote str...lol"ripped conservatives  rapper  mr. ebt  defends video parody welfare abusesyou to.  tht movement attention  mr. moore.good night mr. poopers  thanks call...i feel now. talk tomorrow  ok?    ows  p2  usdor  occupywallst

rtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreetrtmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediafollowing  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info4autofollow sydney morning heraldbrutal haqqani crime clan bedevils afghanistannew york times...   ffrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksrtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtdo fear government believe "by people  people"? followoccupywallstreetrttrust citizen media  followrtweetrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.please  follow  follow :dhitlers following too.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplaza  antiwar  owsrtfollowfor  nyc subway info  occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  yeswecamp  antibanksrtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtsept17  occupywallstreet  15m   ? top stories viayou 1/4 followers  rubio party message 4 important.   occupywallstreet  noh8  p2rtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrttrust citizen media  followrtweetfollow&for live info. read demand media coverage
police brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertwhy 100 teapartyers gather view msm uprising & 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectaclertrt"when 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectacle" banksters protected dc & msm~ massive msm tv occupied greece protestors ~ nyc     ows  occupywallstreet  libertyplazaoccupywallstreet  police brutality  arrests  msm blackout   goo.gl/qqpo7  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  libertyplaza  mikebloombergrtcant believe msm ignoring this. rtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtslap msm patronizing dismissal  occupywallstreet covering tea party eating denny h...is obligatory 4 arab nations 2 address human rights issues highlighted western msm?  arabspring  occupywallstreetrtgot press protection curiosity locals you. msm little show.for complaining msm coverage  occupywallst  links weekendchecking "copy    msm coverage   nypd police troublemakers o" tír na saor ~ land freeimo  msm ignoring  occupywallstreet b/c anarchistic  tearing social order.  teabaggers threatening msm fiefdom.in  nypd favor getting msm coverage. don police brutality protest.ok  don  occupywallstreet claim msm black anymore (in thanks nypd).  media attention?can  msm  occupywallstreet news clips mainstream press? compile. thxrttwo views msm  occupywallstreet   russia  npr   p2  usdor  sep17fdny  libertyplaza  takewallstreet  sep17 twitter love don msm love.rtamazing hownoam chomsky andall understand  occupywallst  msm doesn t.  tlotremember  remember occupy september. msm ignored protesters pleas liberty square  occupywallstreet  libertysquarertourwallstreet  connecttheleft am outraged happening usa & msm reporting. world watching.......
rtoccupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.rtgiving fed gradeohaimixed account 4.2 bitcoins gone   antisec supports  anonymous““occupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.rtoccupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.rtoccupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.kristof (on top famine  unspeakable violence  read today. mix editorial education. powerful.rtoccupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.rtclarification mixed reports violence coming protesters.  occupywallstreet "left" media?rtohaimixed account 4.2 bitcoins gone   antisec supports  anonymousrtoccupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.rtoccupywallstreet political remix ice ice baby.  stopcollaboratelistenrtoccupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.rtohaimixed account 4.2 bitcoins gonemixed reaction europe’s talk bolstering bailout ...rtoccupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.sorry taking reply. story nypd targeting muslim students w/o probable cause.rtcommuter nation   economixrtoccupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.rt“occupywallstreet mix kinds people  people ve it.  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet mix kids people  people ve it.
rtoccupymn october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  occupywallstreetpleasertnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.i believe "merkin" tuesday column. anfirst.picked day out.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rt"now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.the world worst humanitarian crisis famine somalia  aggravated mass rape. column...rtvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnrtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life thre… (cont)rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnrtvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymnrtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.rtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.october 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnrtvideo popular  please spread speaks occupations mn.  takewallstreet  occupymn
in speech  yemen president confirms support transfer powerpower people plse share aroundrtrtwax poetic bout separation leg  exec  jud powers.  owned fickle disloyal incom… (cont)saleh confirms support yemen transfer power president ali abdullah saleh deputy remained autho...occupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrtoccupywallstreet  wallstreet   amazing atmosphere  ppl power  real stuff   sept17  downwithcorruptionrta recap events saturday  occupywallstreet   ows .... americans == proud & powerless....rtno matter repubs voted  corp media minority gop power 2destroy democracy  occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17rtwhy establishment media & power elite loathe  occupywallstreet   usdor  p2rtrt  occupywallstreet day 7 marchpeacefulrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtthe power people people power  solidarity  ows  occupywallstreetrtwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demons..rtwe  occupyearth money power.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtrtrtthe power people people power  solidarity  ows  occupywallstreet"rtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtrtrtoccupywallst picture pbs correspondent arrestedrt. china  india building 4  coal fired power plants week.rtoccupywallstreet people powered movement democracy... vow monied corruption democracy.rt“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsrthedges "power elite define whatever failure."   occupywallstreet  usdor
rtnext rally  30sep   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rallyrtnext rally  30sep   libertysquare  armenia  23sep  opposition  rallyrt??????????? ????? ???? ?????? ?? ? ???? ?? ??????? ? ????? ? ????? ?????????? ?? ???????  30sep  libertysquare  rart???? ????   ???? ?????????? ????? ?????? ??? ?????  30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevan  sksrt? ???????? ??? ?? ?????? ?????? ???? ?????????? ???????? ?????????  30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenrt??????? ????? ????????????? ?????? ????????? ?? ??? ? ????? ?? ?????? ?????????  ?? ???? ?????..  30sep  libertysquaregoing liberty square  minutes rally 30sep rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquareit rainy maybe reason people   30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevanloud music  aaaaaa   30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevanlike disco  wanna dance   30sep  libertysquare  opposition  armenia  yerevan?? ?????? ??? ? ???  ???? ????? ?? ???????   30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevan???????? ???????? ????   30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevan?????? ???? ???????? ???????? ????  30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevan?? ??? ?? ???????" ?????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????   30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevanstepik likes changes  30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevan??? ??????? ??? ???????  ???? ????? ???? ??????   30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevan?????? ??? ??????  ?????????? ?????????????? ????????? ? ????? ?????   30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevan??? ???? ????  ?? ??? ??? ?? ??????   30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevan???? ???? ?? ?????????????? ?? ???  ?? ?? ????????? ????? ??? ??????   30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevandancing fun  jaaaan    30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevanafter cheerful music comes horrifying music   30sep  libertysquare  rally  opposition  armenia  yerevan
rtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version  bit.ly/ektnd7occupywallstreetrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version    occupywallstreetrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionrtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile version
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirt. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreethey bros   usdor?rttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanksrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtoccupywallstreet propane conversion kit honda eu200i generator. provide this?  usdorrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersone citizen vote dollarusdor corporate person hood.  1citizen1vote1dollar  1c1v1drttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetrtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorrtrtoccupywallstreet 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdorrtmeshed handcuffed protesters. nyc.  now.     takewallstreet  conconcon  usdor  occupywallstreet amendmentrtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nyc
rta recap events saturday  occupywallstreet   ows .... americans == proud & powerless....is associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsrtnypd morphing military nypd claims passenger plane event terro...rtplease send times locations events listed   ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetli lawmaker  cruise  event east meadow  ny (cbsnewyork) — nassau county strugglin...if care  freedom check event country 9/11 occupywallst.orgrtthis account spamming  occupywallstreet preventing trending ===>  rtoccupy together   hub events springing solidarity  occupywallstand twitter aren preventing trending?   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtevents  occupywallstreet  execution troy davis palestinian statehood inexplicably intertwined. march unison.rtlooking network  nola  occupynola event?   occupywallstreet  ows  a99  usdorrtanyone post events craigslist help recruit locally? 99%ers check that.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   owsrtthis account spamming  occupywallstreet preventing trending ===>  rtrtthe event 7:30 boston commons near gazebo. please join     occupyboston  usdorrtpolice begin arresting photographers  indiscriminate macing occupy wall st. protest eventrtlive coverage  occupywallstreet  corporate media ignores protest  reader supported news reports eventsrtplease send times locations events listed   ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetwill " american spring "?  oilty controlled bigmedia prevent  own media   occupywallstreetrtevent info released tomorrow  please chalk sidewalks  car windows  print flyers inform     takewallstreet  occupymn  mn  peoplealwayshuge shout friends attoday thewe event guests loved theirsrtregulations laws prevent cheating/harming public. obvious gop de regulation  wallstreet  gop  usdor  2012
rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrteuro zone death tripthe price cheap  food | disinformation  /nytimessnooping age book  nytimes.com   according author space distills repeated acts  that’s...just reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  read"adéu catalonia matadors    running bulls?rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrtadéu catalonia matadorsrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtadéu catalonia matadorsrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtgps hollywood sign beaten pathrtfinance minister quit russian governmentnytimes google doodle honors jim henson friendly monstersamerican police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnellmuslims:"let irvine 11" warning jews freedom speech hecklers belief jewish judges w/no muslim benchrtfor russia’s liberals  putin announcement stokes woesrtspring 2012 marni
rttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.feels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetaljazeera coverage  usdor &  occupywallstreet mainstream media?[corporate censorship]   takebackamericartplz  pics vids tweet vs media blackout   censorship  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreet   occupywallstnyc  sep17  sept17  anonrtwow. yahoo  apparently blocking emails referencing occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  censorshipto catch predator  occupywallstreet trend  twittercensorship  opesr  a99  usdor  occupychicago  endthefed  reclaimyourtv sister wivesrti watching  snl now. hard distracted censorship  occupywallstreetrtpeople  believe finally breaking censorship media  occupywallstreet?can anonymous punish4 censoring  occupywallstreet  occupywallst trending? censorship cool  twitterbsf servers synchronizing roughly 1.9gb footage fromfor archive censorship (some down) andrttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.rtrtwow. saudi censorship canadian media & ethicaloil.org york times    oilsands  tarsandsrtwow. yahoo  apparently blocking emails referencing occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  censorshipoccupywallstreet corporate censorshiprt?can anonymous punish4 censoring  occupywallstreet  occupywallst trending? censorship cool  twitterrtthere hell  occupywallstreet  1 trending topic america. suppression & censorship finest.rta dangerous day history freedom  think.   twittercensorship named shamed.  occupywallstreetfeels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetcant believe happen too?  censorshipokay  humiliate issue retraction thecensorship item rtd… (cont)disregard. please spread word.  twittercensorship
rtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtattacking obesity epidemic figuring cause   nytimes.com   health  wellness  paleo  primalrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrtrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking ofrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrtdeputy inspector bologna  nypd trying incite riot attacking peaceful protestersoccupywallst  p2  badcopworld watching video & attacking peaceful protesterslooks unprofessional.rttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetevery time watch utube vid aftr utube vid  nypd unjustly attacking peaceful protestors  makes distrust police.rttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetdeputy inspector bologna  nypd trying incite riot attacking peaceful protestersoccupywallst  p2  badcoprtevery time watch utube vid aftr utube vid  nypd unjustly attacking peaceful protestors  makes distrust police.rttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetattacking website of? boat  seriously "anonymous"  whom? point.  occupywallstattacking website of? boat  seriously "anonymous"  whom? point.  occupywallstdoes believe anonymous attackingwebsite counter productive & stupid? faceless  unaccountable ppl  occupywallstreeti talking anonymous specifically attacking website   occupywallstreet peaceful levels.
pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanschina questions 5 south koreans detained near border north (nyt)carlotta gall reports pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansnyt:to avert mass  rape &violence kenya permit aid agencies establish reception centres border.   somaliapakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americanssquare feet independent booksellers scramble fill borders voidrta sign toxic pakistan relationship   nyt pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansint nyt pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtrttiming everything. rtpakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansreception camps kenyan somali border stop rape robbery famine victims_ unspeakable violencertmultinationals corporations run governments.  operate borders  own security forces  etc.  conconconexcitingads  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans details ambush…how unaccountable private contractors pocket tax dollars militarizing texas border t.co/tzztg68d  occupywallstreetyou believe  occupywallst  slicing  political  religious  geographic  borders  dollar?? ¿  observando  nellycervantesoccupywallst ??women arrested manhandled  police  policia??? @   yalrtcarlotta gall reports  pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americansrtsquare feet independent booksellers scramble fill borders voidrtnyt filling void left borders "at 25 000 square feet  typical borders option indie"nytimes pakistanis tied 2007 border ambush americans
rtnypd capability   planes  commissioner byc mon. really? “nypd capability   planes  commissioner byrtnypd capability   planes  commissioner (cont)nypd capability   planes  commissioner york police department commissioner ray kelly...rtnypd anti aircraft capabilityand ain yankee hot dog rtnypd anti aircraft capabilitynypd capability   planes  commissionerrtnypd capability   planes  commissioner bycrazy. rtbreaking  nypd anti aircraft capabilityrtbreaking  nypd anti aircraft capabilitynypd capability   planes  commissioner  york police department commissioner ray kelly...nypd capability   planes  commissionerrtnypd capability   planes  commissioner bynypd capability   planes  commissionernypd capability   planes  commissionerthe nypd anti aircraft capability sunday interview 60 minutes  ray kelly ny...   gossipportable emp weapons.nypd anti aircraft capability cryptogon.com/?p=25107the media makes mad. commissioner nypd capability plane & media hooked   advertise?rtphoto andy malengier   lancelot capability brown   petworth  england  1764business update nypd capability   planes  commissionerrtnypd capability   planes  commissioner by
sarah jessica parker sits worried york mothers share ... parker ple...nytimes worried greeks fear collapse middle class welfaresarah jessica parker sits worried york mothers share ... angry wi...rtso worried friend held jail... please send support vibestakewallstreetrtrtpro bono lawyers 2 help arrested  occupywallstreet ? prof support. worried seeing girls maced.rtanyone else little worried  ronpaul/conspiracy/endthefed crowd coopting  occupywallstreet events?  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtglen sather steals winter classic press conference stanley cup  guarantee   worried marc staalhey  worried u. wud happens u? :(sarah jessica parker sits worried york mothers share ... overwhelming feeling ...rtsarah jessica parker sits worried york mothers share    (is helpful?)_auto_ adsense wp. _new york_ (cbsnewyork) ? residents jersey flood hurt worried the...glen sather steals winter classic press conference stanley cup  guarantee   worried marc staalrtglen sather steals winter classic press conference stanley cup  guarantee   worried marc staalwe worried you...  wlfsarah jessica parker sits worried york mothers share ... lindsay goldwe...  plz rtsarah jessica parker sits worried york mothers share ...   york daily newskeep informed... worried you...nytimes worried greeks fear collapse middle class welfare    sounds  onion headlinei ll bet mom proud am.  ll bet worried too.  support.   occupywallstnycrtoccupywallstreet ? essentially rave rich white kids worried won able afford taxes mom & dad beach house.nytimes worried greeks fear collapse middle class welfare
rthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetamerican police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnell"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreet  occupychi  occ ...rtoccupywallstreet   arrests social media  violent protests  cops chaos.rtyes for&organizing nonviolent protests wall street.  enoughalready  occupywallstrt"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable."  john f. kennedy  occupywallstreetrtvideo  police violently arresting peaceful protesters  libertyplaza //ow.ly/6ziyj  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreetrt dear  nypd re nonviolent  thanks <3  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet march violent  usdorrthey"those peaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable"   john f. kennedy  ourwallstreetrt“congratulations  occupywallstreet 4 organized  nonviolent day occupation. victory.  ourwallstreet  day11”rt   photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photort| hot press; day mass arrests    peaceful  nonviolent  usdorrt  photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photortnew footage nypd getting violent peaceful protestors 24th   occupywallstreet  nypdrtrtread detailed account violent arrests yesterday  occupywallstreet  (cont)09/24/11  photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet juan carlos hernandezpeaceful revolution impossible violent revolution inevitable.  heyexpect usrtoccupy wall street protesters violently arrested york | suite101.com   sept17rtnonviolent direct action  occupywallstreet deserves seriously pressrtrumors remain 100 nypd officers refused violent kettling.  confirmations?

omc yikes  confidential; am rid gmail; apparently formhongkong trying break inrtdon bullying  absolutely sickening  sinister kids  parents?iconic protester/got knees/screamed bank4 taking’ parents home?  p2takewallstreet  liar liar pants on..rtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetmtgetting ready  nycutshurt press conference  nyc today. parents tell real story.rtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetrtso guy arrested felony assault police officer  apparently. rnc conventions.  usdorrtwow. yahoo  apparently blocking emails referencing occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  censorshiprtapparently execute prisoner save rtjustice troy davisrtand apparently  occupywallstreet happening england  u.s.parents bullies continue taunt gay teen committed suicide content tormenting buffalo are...search continues 8 missing children  parents | video | 7online.com nypd searching m...    ammelliartdisgusting behavior nypd. female protester penned maced apparent reason.   occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtitll help educate arent involved. info & kno wrong (2/2)rtinteresting read parents preschoolers   delay kindergarten child’s perilfuckyoubenbernanke bullshit algorithms arent anymore   occupywallstreet  fuckyouwashington  occupywallstrobert stephens "thats babk parents home  live coverage  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreetapparently single horrible. please  girl sad it.occupywallstreet  takewallstreet protester robert stephens lied world parents  home foreclosure protest stunt.rtwith tears eyes stay strong  standing solidarity arent physically presentyay  boy found safe  “missing autistic boy  found reunited parents   autism  asd  wandering
rtdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtwtf nypd ? nypd cites 166 law banning wearing masks masquerade party (lol  halloween? )  occupywallstreetdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...rtoccupywallstreet call action manhattan *gasp* masks  hell halloween party   anonymousrtmti believe powerful popular movement borne  & won tea party...  ows  ourwallstreetrtmartha stewart’s halloween magazine brings fan surprise magazines newspapers routinely “repu...would love thousands anonymous costumes 4 halloween parade :)rtoccupywallstreet call action manhattan *gasp* masks  hell halloween party   anonymousrtwtf nypd ? nypd cites 166 law banning wearing masks masquerade party (lol  halloween? )  occupywallstreetdonations loom haggerty trial halloween 2009  mayor bloomberg political operative john h...martha stewart’s halloween magazine brings fan surprise   magazinesrtoccupywallstreet call action manhattan *gasp* masks  hell halloween party   anonymousa halloween disruption martha stewart fan   york timesmartha stewart’s halloween magazine brings fan surprise magazines newspapers routinely “repurpose” mater...i vendetta halloween. wall street dress vendetta think?huh.  halloween wd gr8 day 4  flashmobs.  masks... mt5 marchers reportedly arrestd 4 wearin masks @  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet call action manhattan *gasp* masks  hell halloween party   anonymoushow unique halloween costume?rti feelingis raid halloween adventure store  nyc selling masks  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet call action manhattan *gasp* masks  hell halloween party   anonymousexpect fewer pumpkins island halloween
rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012"so cliche" rtjay christen  brooklyn nets  arena concerts   newyorkcityrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012u rightrtjay christen  brooklyn nets  arena concertsrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012can tix this? jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012can tix 2 this?jay plans eightconcert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012locked n.b.a. stars home philadelphia arenartjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtoklahoma progressives watching you.occupywallstreetrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012ahh jealous   “jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012
occupywallstreet calls 4 arrest / imprisoment serial abuser  nypd pig bologna  takewallstreet  libertysquarert6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradiortcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetcalls presidentto send negotiators listen & act  occupywallstreet demands    nypd violenceflood nypd w/ calls em busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  libertyplaza  antiwar  antibanksrtrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetrtcalls death penalty "an indefensible punishment"rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetwatch heckler calls obama  antichrist  bizarre bible thumping heckler called president obama "the antic...theeditorial board supports calls lives  laws campaign. read editorialwatch heckler calls obama  antichrist  bizarre bible thumping heckler called president obama "the antic...rtcain calls actor...rtknow rights (mobile)  calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetviewers pleased  thankful   occupywallst finally coverage  obvious amount callsrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtrta lawyer suggests flooding mayor calls police stop harassing  occupywallstreetrtcain calls actor...rtremember breath deep; takin  break edits & phonecalls few..i call main for. emergency calls sick people disrupted precincts.can intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreeti love cain rtcain calls actor...
rtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideamy brothers sisters. hearts minute.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideafor nyc brothers sisters....  remember 7/8ths arrested and...rtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartdo expect corporate media report folks protesting corporate greed?  brothers & sisters.  occupywallstreetrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanidea
nyt op ed "is junk food cheaper?"  it’s myth chips cheaper broccoli. they’re not.is junk food cheaper?   nytimes.comis junk food cheaper?   nytimes.cominterestinggood article mark bittman  nyt  junk food cheaper?is junk food cheaper?rtnytimes junk food cheaper?must read nytimes junk food cheaper? ( takes real understanding change behavior. start here.this  balanced article rtis junk food cheaper?   nytimes.comrtgreat article nyt "is junk food cheaper?"rtis junk food cheaper?“interesting  nutrition inis junk food cheaper?   food”nytimes junk food cheaper?great article share  summercamp newsletter "is junk food cheaper?"  fromis junk food cheaper?  cooking job & fast food holiday;  rich people don cook & neither.is junk food cheaper?rtis junk food cheaper?what "let real"  bittman nails always. junk food cheaper?    www.letsgetrealshow.com"no nonsense cooking eating...must popular again." read byis junk food cheaper?rtis junk food cheaper?file vegetarian.  ny times junk food cheaper?is junk food cheaper?  burgers best.
feels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rtit thrill watchings  occupywallstreet livestream  feels movement momentum   ourwallstreet  owsrtit thrill watchings  occupywallstreet livestream  feels movement momentum   ourwallstreet  owsrtwalking park lively discussions side. subdued mood side. nypd presence feels lighter mon night.  owsrtit thrill watchings  occupywallstreet livestream  feels movement momentum   ourwallstreet  owsweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rtwalking park lively discussions side. subdued mood side. nypd presence feels lighter mon night.  owswhen comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels overweight weight...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...as thousands leave libya  jobs  niger feels impact muammar el qaddafi economic catastrophe  plu...feels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetevery time tune  occupywallstreet livestream protests  feels sea change happening u.s.t minus 3 hrs  teamoccupyyourmom re joins. feels  voltron episode. really....feels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetrtheartfelt  nyt piece toronto son homeland return. "everything  somalia feels abandonment."excitingads   niger feels economic impact qaddafi’s downfall  libya thousands of…rti american feels duty support movement towards liberation human race.     occupywallstreetweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rtheartfelt  nyt piece toronto son homeland return. "everything  somalia feels abandonment."
rtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtrtspoke w/ pbs reportr arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials...no help.  ourwallstreet ccrtoccupywallst3   pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials 4 interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet....rtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt spoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreetrtrt spoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrt spoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspoke pbs reporter arrested interviewing maced woman. credentials help.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinlive stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmy twitter stream people currently beaten  bahrain  nyc  occupywallstreethey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreetrtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorwatching globalrevolution  viaoccupywallstreetrtlive streaming coverage protests wall street.  media won cover  cover yourself.    occupywallstreetrtjust livestream 7:30 est michael moore spoke   rerun loop   ows  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  wiunionfinallymade chicago news  time bank bail outs economic injustice main stream news“live wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>protestors arrested  ows via  occupywallstreet  antibanks  antiwar  libertysquarewatch live stream team people arrested   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplazaajstream continued coverage  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica aje.me/qxpiowmikebloombergaljazeera coverage  usdor &  occupywallstreet mainstream media?[corporate censorship]   takebackamericadoes. www.livestream.com/globalrevolutiontwo rough arrests  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owspweiskel08 photostream link again. sorry   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet"protesters arrested anti wall street rally   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  24sepajstream continued coverage  occupywallstreet  usdorrtarrests york anti wall street protest  al jazeera english  << al jazeera scoops blame stream media  occupywallst
world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  surveyworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...survey major expansion world’s data centersworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rtworld’s data centers expected grow  surveyrttakewallstreet consider sending delegation 2 steps congress deliver terms   usdor  occupycongress  unity  justice  99percentersworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...it lemongrass baby  occupywallstreet  17start  takewallstreet  99percenters  oct6   owsrtpoverty  women highest99percenters  usdordoing math poverty usaworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...occupywallstreet   ninety nine percentersworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...
rtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nyc
rtnow prime time march wall street. party  waste park?justsayingthere website saying "voting" demands. actually site? pretending be?do shirts saying beat crap taze women? herosthe media saying people arrested "obstructing pedestrian traffic" arrest tourists times square   occupywallstrtnow prime time march wall street. party  waste park?justsayingrtnow prime time march wall street. party  waste park?justsayingrtnow prime time march wall street. party  waste park?justsayingrtoccupywallstree  ows  sep17  usdor solidarity saying protection prayers peeps   fromford contract talks intensify union prepares strike saying “no indication strike ...sure  nypd sent notices media saying notice leave forced tonight. abc7tv. spread word.i add   celebs twit saying movement... nyc celebs lessdtn usa ford contract talks intensify union prepares strike saying “no indication str...rthow respond saying  occupywallstreet racially diverse group? true false?ignoring issues people disagree counterproductive.  iamsayingright. mace  heard unconfirmed tear gas. rtare saying mace  denying completely?rtrtprotester saying bed night night list ...nice rtno drunk tweeting.  apologizing saying goodnight max tomorrow watch outrtnow prime time march wall street. party  waste park?justsayingrt““cnn  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet cnn = liars  saying protesters assaulted police.””israelis ignorance proudness price paid .what cost saying sorry.and ready comeverthink saying likedemand  bernanke  resignation?your demands mythological proportion


police clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds march union square   takewallstreetrtthanks ."police clashes  occupywallstreet protesters hundreds march union square"   anonymouspolice clashes protestersrtpolice clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds ... protesters calling financial re...police clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds ... protesters calling financial re...rtthanks ."police clashes  occupywallstreet protesters hundreds march union square"   anonymouspolice clashes  occupywallstreet protesters hundreds march union squareeternalnote20110925  police clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds march union square...police clashes occupy wall street protesters hundreds march union squarei rtpolice clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds march union sq..rtpolice clashes protesters. world coming end. ll join revolution.  ocupywallstreetpolice clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds march union squarepolice clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds march union squareny daily news police clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds march union square   occupywallstreetpolice clashes  occupywallstreet protesters hundreds march union square  viartrtpolice clashes  occupywallstreet protesters hundreds march union square  >police clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds march union squarepolice clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds march union squarepolice clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds march union squarert"violent clashes police protesters." sorry; watched 9+ hrs footage; violence police.  occupywallstreetpolice clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds march union square
bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  (cont)rtcuffingseason rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called.dudes crazy rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled (cont)rtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardslmaoooooooo rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 ...damn “bk rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled (cont)rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regardslol rtjah audi now?  rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.smh rtbk5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regards.rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  level 1 mobilization called regardsrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend.perp fled silver audi. level 1 mobilization called regards.“brooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.  < fucking simp...swag rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.rtrtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi. ...lmaoooooooo rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.nah  rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.crazy shit rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.tears rtjah audi now? rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audirtswag rtbrooklyn 5115 ave k. female abducted ex boyfriend. perp fled silver audi.
rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetone tidbit  occupywallst. organizers check desk accepting cash donations raised "around $500" yesterday.rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtwe video. rtso apparently nypd denying tear gassed protesters yesterday. don words.rtso apparently nypd denying tear gassed protesters yesterday. don words.rta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreeta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetthe light amazing 4.30 yesterday. pure vermeerrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreethow line running? checkin 2 delays water main break yesterday.
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementfeels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetrt"the seed revolution repression." woodrow wilson  occupywallstreet  civildisobediencertpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetstudents  knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  studyrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtbe safe  civil  persevere & successful imagine & world  watches   takewallstreet  usdor  p2rtpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtgiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsegiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsertpbs reporter spent 9 hours jail charged civil disobedience. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet“occupywallstreet   " mechanism reform  civil disobedience" chris hedges.”aclu blog nyclu scene wall street protests   usdor  occupywallstreet  civilrights  takebackamerica  owsmust & retweet   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  civilrights  antibanks  antiwardiebold voting machines hacked $10   takebackamerica  usdor  civilrights  diebold  hackerrtnypd spokesman civil disobedience met arrests  & resist arrest expect forcertdearoccupywallst looking redistribute wealth civil filed agstfor excessive forcertrtpbs journo 9 hours jail & civil disobedience charge. reporting   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet
morgan freeman cnn piers morgan tea party racist   york daily newsherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistresponds liberal actor morgan freeman claim tea party movement racist   tcot  politicsmorgan freeman cnn piers morgan tea party racistherman cain  gop presidential candidate   hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtfires morgan freeman  insulting  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racist“gop presidential candidate  hits @ morgan freeman calling  teaparty  racistrtrtpicture wall street  // "how america   dream home"rtherman cain  gop candidate  hits morgan freeman 4 calling tea party  racist    tppatriots  tpe  teaparty  tcotherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racisttpot herman cain morgan freeman  tea party racist  |rtherman cain  gop candidate  hits morgan freeman 4 calling tea party  racist    tppatriots  tpe  teaparty  tcotrtherman cain hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtherman cain hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling ..rtherman cain hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistherman cain  gop presidential candidate   hits morgan freeman calling tea party racistrtherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtherman cain smacks morgan freeman tea partiers "racists" comments   teaparty

rt"occupywallstreet violence... free?   bahrain  hypocrisy  humanrightsrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrt"occupywallstreet violence... free?   bahrain  hypocrisy  humanrightsrtthese terrorists ve training for. nyt  nypd "overpreparation" caused violence.rt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   owsrt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   owsoccupywallstreet success b/c helped discover. quality videortstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtrtthese terrorists ve training for. nyt  nypd "overpreparation" caused violence.rtevr notice @ leftist rallies protests  participants 2 reminded 2 violent? default violence.  occupywallstreetrtdemonstration solidarity  occupywallstreet  condeming weekend police violence. fbook event   sep17rt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   owsrt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   owsrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtpower laughs protesters. surrender violence.  usdor  occupywallstreetrt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   owsrt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   owsno violence. pray chaine phil pa.rtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrtstay peaceful    nypd hurting themselves & bringing sympathy protesters resorting violence.  occupywallstreetrt"liberty plaza prevails provocation"  by. worth reading multiple times   ows
rtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtgood news flushing relatively recession proof  added jobs 2005.  queensrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreet
nypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingi call monday discuss/update  occupywallstreet  ... assist?my fav. author doubt  paulo coelho discusses  aleph   novelrtnypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingrtbruce springsteen street band discuss future late sax player clarence clemonsrtthe guardian discusses nasty  nypd tactics yesterday police crack wall street protests spread   owsrt brands embrace  augmented reality   discussed on/augmented reality (h...rtbruce springsteen street band discuss future late sax player clarence clemonsrtwalking park lively discussions side. subdued mood side. nypd presence feels lighter mon night.  owsrtbruce springsteen street band discuss future late sax player clarence clemonsrt"a noncollegial debate bicycles"   continued discussion recent pedestrian/collision claims   viartwalking park lively discussions side. subdued mood side. nypd presence feels lighter mon night.  owsjosh nelson  protestor  occupywallstreet  "info" 12 planning cb1 discuss gaining supportrtwhat feelings  occupywallstreet movement? please join discussion   occupywallst  occupytogetherrtnypd wiretaps ticket fixing probe catch racist chats  discussions wrongdoingrtrttwo discussed nypd supervisor macing protestors  ray kelly … (cont)fay redding  metlife mmi discuss term care policies offer peace mind onfay radding  metlife mmi discuss term care policies offer peace mind onoccupywallst  occupywallstreet live stream  watch  light hearted discussion time seriousnessrtirc chans  occupywallstreet intel;  mediateams training/tech;  owspolitics discussion;  owszines zinesand re discussing joining (?) march u.n.  occupywallstreet
rtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtorder pizza guys  occupywallstreet (212) 566 0006rtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtfood delivery donations zucotti park 1 liberty plaza  york  ny 10006.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nighters liberato closed  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtfood delivery donations zucotti park 1 liberty plaza  york  ny 10006.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtfood delivery donations zucotti park 1 liberty plaza  york  ny 10006.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  needsoftheoccupierscall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcharlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall charlie 212 566 0006 pizza nightersliberato closed :(  takethestreet  needsoftheoccupiersorder pizza guys  occupywallstreet (212) 566 0006

rtrtoccupywallstreet 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdorrtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heard“more 50 ppl arrested  5 women maced  nypd  usdor”  oligarchy  democracyon east village radio tonightinvited hardcore & punk rock listeners attend  occupywallst friday @ 3pm.  nycli lawmaker  cruise  event east meadow  ny (cbsnewyork) — nassau county strugglin...us loosing respect middle east bcoz double standard policy  supporting  bahrain dictators supplying weapons. ?rtbronx 299 east 158 st male shot bring transported traumatic arrest. crime scene ...lsu football tops west virginia 41 27  capping tough overall week east ....where reporters talk middle east arab spring?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtbe active locations police busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtbe active locations police busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtnortheast farmers warn irene pumpkin shortage   newyorkcityrtat 2 guys yankees caps. biggie  yankees insignia commonly undercovers identify themselves crowds  occupywallstrt.tell commissioner call roid rage beast  occupywallstreet  opshadowhey   nypd racist. women maced white.  takewallstreetbest fall  yankee fan    rtyankees win al east title"yankeessubway congrats yankees. al east champions  "in riddle mideast upheaval  turkey offers answerrtsusan sarandon pulls limo words  occupywallst   wasn corporate jet yachtthought blood. lovely  thanks. rt“manhattan 3 ave & east 86 st male stabbed transported...
there difference creating fear earning respect.  comes price other.on contrary  admirable admit wrong learning it. orig post  apologize :)from panic peace yoga chapter 24 nyt selling author book"learning breathe"rt.you play game re gonna lose. lesson learnrt.you play game re gonna lose. lesson learn   expectusrtpiss poor americans   50% earn $26.5k year.  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17rtbronx yearning.   occupywallstreet  unity  solidarity  sep17  usdor  takewallstreetin 2009  25 hedge fund managers  earned  658 000 entry level teachers. reason  occupywallst.rt1 congressman cost 3.3 mill/year.  aipac 81 israel learn how2 represent israel i.s.o.  ususdortruck patties  lot love  earn chef 2011 vendy cup street ... "my recipe aside  makes...pennies kiva  lenders money (assuming default)  earn no...truck patties  lot love  earn chef 2011 vendy cup street ... "my recipe aside  makes...truck patties  lot love  earn chef 2011 vendy cup street ... "my recipe aside  makes...can some1 explain american liberals (i.e. nyt) yearn populist mvmt. party  look past  ourwallstreet?  uspolirtlearn protests near   occupytogether.org  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherrtrtlearn protests near   occupytogether.org  occupywallstreet  occupytogethertruck patties  lot love  earn chef 2011 vendy cup street ... "my recipe aside  makes...rtrtthis causing people protest world wide...    learn  takewallstreet  occupywallstreettruck patties  lot love  earn chef 2011 vendy cup street food (ny daily news)rt1 congressman cost 3.3 mill/year.  aipac 81 israel learn how2 represent israel i.s.o.  ususdortruck patties  lot love  earn chef 2011 vendy cup street ...
rtlast sept17  2yrs enjoying twitter & more.  2yrs horrific ondoy wrath ordeal  praying won happen more.3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet   skyrssnetworklive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17   skyrssnetworkrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreet"sightseeing plane crashes nepal  killing 19"    gone trip 11 yrs ago..rt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetso  wk reading(online) everyday kno  2pac "2pacalypse now" album 20yrs 11/12th?““.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers (cont)pooroccupywallst followers 9 days 4 yrs. talker steals ideaslast sept17  2yrs enjoying twitter & more.  2yrs horrific ondoy wrath ordeal  praying won happen more..i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetso true cuz nypd retires 20 yrs.after 20yrs don  worse. africa (t.i.a). returning somalia 20rt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrtrti nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  ...rti nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasert.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreet"jamey rodemeyer  14yrs  life bullying "  ladygaga meet presobama discuss bullying.
rtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"rtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them""a public mta bus ziptied "prisoners"  flag downright  owrellianrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcaptain window "any arresting officers?" driver "there arresting/witness officers prisoners"rtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"mtcall 1.888.692.7233 call  nypd @ 1 police plaza demand prisoners accounted & med met.  occupywallstreet  owsa public mta bus ziptied "prisoners" instagr.am/p/oee w/ (via)  occupywallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtblast  718 520 9311 nyc 112th precinct.call & demand release prisoners  ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmass grave 1200 bodies found believed massacred prisoners abusalim prison i… (cont)rtcaptain window "any arresting officers?" driver "there arresting/witness officers prisoners"rtrelease political prisoners expect  99% silent   occupywallstreet  occupytheglobe
rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrt9/26/11 wall street donates $41 million campaign accounts supercommittee   occupywallstreethere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtupdate 8   occupywallstreet nypd fail slideshow w/witness accounts added am   dailykos  dkos  dutchsinse  tcot  p2rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrt cancle bank accounts  ows  p2  occupywallstreetrtgood job  occupywallstreet twitter accounts effectivly replacing absent media followrtrttakebackwallst  takewallstreet taking paycheck local bank c.u.  close accounts banks  speak via $$$$$rtgood job  occupywallstreet twitter accounts effectivly replacing absent media followrtrtdont follow accounts tweet revolution. start tweeting too. tweet makes difference.  takewallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtjob  occupywallstreet twitter accounts effectivly replacing absent media follow occupywallstnycrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtgood job  occupywallstreet twitter accounts effectivly replacing absent media followrtrtgood job  occupywallstreet twitter accounts effectivly replacing absent media followrtoccupywallstreet continues financial sector pumps 41$ million 12 campaign accounts   takewallstreetik volg een aantal twitter accounts (stopthemach2011  davidcnswanson  nycsep17) en uit die...
rtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylaplease update soon  terriblert. nycmayorsoffice start looking job michael bloomberg  re trending & out. 1 tweet  1 day  usdorrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetyou flash mob lobby bank america building"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetrtif lawyer support  please head 100 centre st   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)occupywallst meaning life stop stupid consumer nd protest wallstreetoccupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usartoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.iran religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  francehey  join  nyc? tell reason  iwilloccupy fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalstrikehelp  occupywallstreet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool. ride   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiershey  nypd  mass arresting  libertysquare godawful you. re peaceful  live stream   occupywallstreet
did capitalist camera? mtbusy posting  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet photos. 70 them.climate  adaptation technology example lightning predict hurricanes?“holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. nypd  "wtf?"  ows”rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsmt ows arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd wtf viartholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  ows"holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blks w/2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  wtf?  ows"rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrt92 yr pete seeger marching broadway aid canes singing riverside.  powerful. ows  occupywallstreetrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  ows
rttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.rtliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallst via“okay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rt” retweets truthrtrtokay. confirmed thatblocking  occupywallstreet trending    ourwallstreet  cdnpolirtcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreetrtbe wear masks covering block pig photo biometeric recordings mass arrests attending wallstreetrtand   occupywallstreet hashtag isn blocked???rtrttwitter suspendedand blocking  occupywallstreet trending. vourwallstreetrtcome senators  congressmen  please heed call  don stand doorway  don block hall  occupywallstreet  occupyamericacatholic schools  convents properties block parishes struggle ... st. stanislaus shut y...rtwow. yahoo  apparently blocking emails referencing occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  censorshipand  occupywallstreet hashtag isn blocked???that trendsmap australia   twitter blocking id site?rtrtrtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtrtcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreetrt ffokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtrtthe  nypd blockade escort thousands march towards union square.  holy shit.  occupywallstreetrtokay. confirmed thatis blocking  occupywallstreet trending   rtrtgokil ya? hashtag  occupywallstreet diblock total di amrik. tsk. adikuasaaa... double standard nih >  :pmtnypd blocked roads nets photos  /)   occupywallstreetrtcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreet
rtrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viartmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsrtok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe footage  occupywallst awful  to_shadow  wearethe99percentunbelievable protest footage  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreet  libertyplaza  antibanks  corpgreedrtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsrtunbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street  ...  don care fed mercinariezmore unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreetunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    usa  uk  cnn  bah  hrw  canadaunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    cnn  bbc  hrw  news  bah  gccunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag    obamausa  ukyour activist news source unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl acros...rtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetaljazera english footage. luck finding  footage. aj coverage usrtnew footage nypd getting violent peaceful protestors 24th   occupywallstreet  nypdrtrtaljazera eng seeking video footage  occupywallstreet.  ourwallstreet  unionsquarertunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flagi liked avideo  unbelievable protest footage. nypd drag girl streetmore “unbelievable protest footage  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreetrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtourreporterwas bus hit collapsing scaffold harlem. report inrtcity seven injured scaffold collapses onto bus harlemrtcity seven injured scaffold collapses onto bus harlemrtrtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedrtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedlook    > rtmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims ...if grow  reach bronx  harlem  queens  lyn... urban cities [cont..]building collapses harlemrtrtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedscaffolding bus. fatalities "crews respond harlem building collapse; injures reporteddamn wlk pass therertlook    > rtmanhattan 8 ave (cont)woman caused harlen crash  dui drunken driver ran red light busy harlem intersection satur...rttwo arrested killing school basketball star harlemgood didn walk morning  |rtscaffolding collapses bus harlemrtsouth carolina police arrest suspects harlem student murderrtcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reporteddriver ran red  plowed taxi harlem drunkrttwo arrested killing school basketball star harlempartial building collapse harlem; injuries reportedcrews respond harlem building collapse; injures reportedsouth carolina police arrest suspects harlem student murder
rtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.www.bit.ly/dcdebn antichrist matters politics  www.bit.ly/dcdebnrtformer  nymayor ed koch "obama reelection express" | york daily newsrtbill clinton ny future | york daily news   economicdevelopmentmiddle class suffering sexy budget politics coverage greece  versions?rtmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  occupyus twitpic  {}rtrtoccupywallstreet coming las vegas    ows  usdor  takewallstreetrtfox news demonstrators  occupy wall street  protest influence money u.s. politics   takewallstreet  usdorrtpeaceful female protestors penned street maced    occupywallstreet   via{}  usdorrtrtmap occupied america  occupywallstreet  occupyus twitpic  {}in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...i support  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  usdor  accept  permit politics hate country.had politics hatred country?   usdor  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartourwallstreet  campaignfinancereform greedy politicians politics  p2rtwall street’s reaction protests   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtthank rtsrtfocus fight cause. wall st. money politics issues fall placertprinciples solidarity – draft | nyc assembly   occupywallstreet  owspoliticsrtoccupywallstreet propose banning corporate/monetary conflicts re public health enviro policy  owspoliticssecurity nypd arrests 100+ occupy wall street protests "politics buzz hour ago  hundreds ny...

rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolirt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrta people released arrested yesterday. 30 ppl held. takewallstreetrtbrother word... protest  don stigmatized.  occupywallst coverage  sequel  madisonrtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.rtoccupywallstreet   interview woman arrested yesterday  viaheadlinesrtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtrtbig media afraid wall street protest seriously   ourwallstreet  vancouver  cdnpoli1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallstrtrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  ourwallstreetrtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtdo expect corporate media report folks protestin… (cont)rtrtpoverty america  //  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  owsrtyowas  bloomie decided comment 80 arrests yesterday nyc?  occupywallstreet &  occupyallstreetsrtfdl live blog  occupywallstreet day nine  pressing mass arrests yesterday   usdor  takewallstreet
rt:) glad hear rtthe occupancy begins october 1st city hall  downtown los angeles  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtsan diego begin occupation oct 7  occupysandiego  occupationwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupyla  owslosangeles7pm pershing sq sunday 9/25/11  occupyla gaoccupywallstreet  taxation w/o representationrt   video 50+ strong los angeles  usdorlosa  occupywallstreet  usdor  anonymous  sept17rtoccupywallstreet los angeles  live feed    occupytogether  occupyeverywhere  sept17rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtrecognize women occupying wall street   occupyla  occupywallstreet  owslosangeles  takewallstreet‘occupy wall street’ protest spreads los angeles |  anonymous  owsrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"today  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtows los angeles live feed    takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  usdayofrage  ourwallstreet  usdorpsychological warfare.  occupywallstnyc  takewallstreet  owslosangelescheck out...  occupywallst  occupylosangeles  capitalism  greedfight   owslosangeles daysrt‘occupy wall street’ protest spreads los angeles |  anonymous  owsrtrtoccupy los angeles contacted help finding facilitation trainer hel… (cont)aclu suit details wide abuse los angeles jail system   tcot  gop  wethepeople  teaparty  cathank  aclu please helpfrom los angelesrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"
rtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupierskeep date  generalassembly york city.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet via“dr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtgeneralassembly starting  join   ourwallstreet  sep17rtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrt"people arrested speak ga.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassembly "rtinspiring speech  generalassembly "this america. america"  occupywallstreetrtrt  demand resource based economy    occupywallstreet  generalassembly  sept17the future direction  occupywallstreet voted weekend     a99  opesr  usdor  generalassembly  ows  iwantgood luck  rton 1st  generalassembly 4   occupybeantownwish luck     theother99rtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtyour strenght people process  occupywallstreet  generalassembly  realdemocracyrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdr. cornell west speaks  generalassembly  libertypark   ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtrtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)rtrtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)hot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtrtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtrtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)you statement proof arent  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet cointelpr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtrtworld watching  nypd getting ready attack peaceful legal  libertycamp  ows  libertycamp pr… (cont)rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)
rttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreettons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtdespite fear mongering arrests  re  peacefully occupying liberty plaza.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt“all 99% people speak   streets      occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nyc”rtoccupy wall street raging grannies support liberty plaza | suite101.com   p2  ows  usdorrtthe world watching nonviolence liberty plaza  viatakewallstreet  sep17rthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet shout awesome protesters  wallstreet  libertyplaza fighting world  join    sept17flood nypd w/ calls em busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  libertyplaza  antiwar  antibankswatch live stream team people arrested   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza~ massive msm tv occupied greece protestors ~ nyc     ows  occupywallstreet  libertyplazahitlers following too.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplaza  antiwar  owswrite letter  nypd commissioner ray kelly   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet  antibanks  libertyplazaamazing video  watch   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  libertyplaza  occupywallstreet  antibanksunbelievable protest footage  nypd drag girl street   occupywallstreet  libertyplaza  antibanks  corpgreed09 21 2011 police forcefully grab   occupywallstreet   nypd  corporategreed  mikebloomberg  libertyplaza"i breathe "   police shoving 10:30am liberty plaza  occupywallstreet   mikebloomberg  nypd  corporategreednyc    nypd  bit.ly/pjksfr  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  antibanks  libertyplaza  antiwarupdate wall street protests continue  nypd remains mum pepper spray   ny1.com  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplazaoccupywallstreet poster idea  mikebloomberg  obama sucking wall st. bull balls ~  takebackamerica  usdor  libertyplaza  antibankschris hedges   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatism
rtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustfinallyreports  takewallstreet thruw&  piers  uk tuition demos protests  criminal lootingas california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjust"the bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustnytimes bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustrtthe bay citizen california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjustthe bay citizen  california tuition rises  financial aid offices struggle adjuststudents pay tuition college gaining edge admissions process. surprise?   read..
rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012nypd plans extra patrols subway nypd ramping weekend patrols underground reverse recent 17...rtplans attend  occupywallstreet week. awesome   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtisrael  rejecting palestinian demands  plans housing outside 1967 boundaries  newsrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtnypd finest doing jobs....can wait pensions  401k plans  fire by...how  occupywallst protestors pensions  retirement plans money invested wall street firms re protesting?  justaskingrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012can tix this? jay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012can tix 2 this?jay plans eightconcert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012nypd plans extra police patrols nyc subway crime rate underground spikes pete donohue nypd atta...simbol materials plans extract lithium geothermal plantsnypd plans extra police patrols nyc subway crime rate underground spikes ashley fleming pete donoh...rtoccupywallst.org/conference/ meet plans?  occupyboston  transparencyrtrtjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtnypd plans extra patrols subwayjay plans eight concert series hometown brooklyn nets arena 2012rtradioactivity japan rice raises worries
nypd anti terrorism squad equipped planesnypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city  police plane  hitechcj  mmotrtnypd morphing military nypd claims passenger plane event terro...rtnypd chief police plane   9newsrtrtchanging planes & ny. meet aft. liberty. //  iwilloccupyrt.in 2010 goldman sachs bankers received $15.3 billion bonuses  feed hungry person planet.  occupywallstreetrtgeorge wright arrested portugal 41 run; hiijacked plane ..rtnypd police plane needed...  reassuring   po… (cont)check video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  vianypd able shoot planes (the sydney morning herald ) share friends  |  | world news   top stories news  rss rss fee...sept. 28  1924. sept. 28  1924  united army air service planes completed ci...check video    nypd chief  police plane    60 minutes   9/25/11  viaplane touring mt. everest crashes nepal  killing 19  including 2 americans americans 19 peop...nypd equipped planes ten sept. 11 attacks world trade center  police commi...nypd equipped planesnypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city police plane  hitechcjbut "60 minutes (of propaganda)" tells nypd keeping safe hasn shot planes yet.nypd commissioner tells ‘60 minutes’ city police plane  hitechcjthe nypd plane baffled peaceful protestors.  occupywallstreetrtnypd capability   planes  commissioner by"sightseeing plane crashes nepal  killing 19"    gone trip 11 yrs ago..
rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...took 2/3 line 96 bklyn. 5 train w/lots delays. exited atlantic bus. wwhen delays headed straight path  hoboken & montclair train. faith penn anymorertnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.rtnypd spraying women chemical weapons street disrupt peaceful assembly   occupywallstreetwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatshealth insurance costs rising sharply  study  difficult constrain costs human need. $$rtthese terrorists ve training for. nyt  nypd "overpreparation" caused violence.new infrastructure spending necessity bridges  trains airports ... funding fe...rtrtsep17 nypd sucker punches protester officer restrained o...rtshould nypd officers trained crowd control?wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threats violent clash marching the...rti envy job nypd training crowd control excessive forcertbrooklyn peeps comin  bcsr2011  train manhattan     etc  check withtake path wtcrtrtthese terrorists ve training for. nyt  nypd "overpreparation" caused violence.just train 5 minutes ago met people  occupywallstreet.  ourwallstreet  wiunion20 hour train ride... totally gonna worth it.  ourwallstreet  wiunion
occupywallst ********  cbs******** times*** reporting legalized loan sharking****** wow“holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. nypd  "wtf?"  ows”rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  ows"holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blks w/2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  wtf?  ows"rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd   ows
nytimes fixes paper diagnosticsrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoessmall fixes self adjustable eyeglass lenses bring clearer vision poorpharmacy fixes fixes micronutrient vitamin powders children babies swallow vitamin pi...rtsmall fixes wetsuit  save hemorrhaging mother   lifewrap  maternalhealthrtlove simple fixes. rtsmall fixes folding saris filter cholera contaminated waterrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesdoe solutions  quick fixes.  ll continue results.nyt fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoessmall fixes peepoo  biodegradable toilet developing world bag  lined urea crystals tha...small fixes fixes micronutrient vitamin powders children babies swallow vitamin pills  ...article day “small fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoes   hebu  fbgreat name *cough “small fixes peepoo  biodegradable toilet developing worldrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoespharmacy fixes slow progress circumcising fight aids africa goal circumcising 20 mi...pharmacy fixes fixes micronutrient vitamin powders children babies swallow vitamin pi...nyt fixes peepoo  biodegradable toilet developing worldrtcongressional memo short term fixes real solutions — congressional memortsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoes
shame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  viacheck video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viartcheck video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viartmsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viacheck video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viaoutstandingon nypd police brutality  occupywallstreet lawrence donn...   owsnewsmsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viacheck video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viartcheck video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viacheck video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viamsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viartwow lawrence donell rocks thismsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...check video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viamsnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viartoccupywallstreet excellent report~ msnbc  nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...check video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viacheck video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viaftpthanks little brother. msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viaoccupywallstreet excellent report~ msnbc  nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...rtshame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  viartshame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  via
rtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   *vegan friendly* 4  occupywallstreet taken546 436 5663  needsoftheoccupiers
rtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viartthe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallstrtspotted zuccotti park handmade sign reads  "nypd watching too"rtspotted zuccotti park handmade sign reads  "nypd watching too"rtcheck video susan sarandon visit occupy wall street protests zuccotti park  manhattan  viartrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park   occupywallstreet legal occupation plan  usdorrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtanyone zuccotti park please tweet info regarding planned "champagne" attack follow  occupywallstreet  sept17rtnypd bring spirits. increased them. night beautiful. visit  zuccotti & yourself.  occupywallstreetrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park  lega… (cont)rtmtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkrtphoto susan sarandon zuccotti park occupy wall street protest ourrtnypd bring spirits. increased them. night beautiful. visit  zuccotti & yourself.  occupywallstreetrtrtsusan sarandon zuccotti park  occupywallst protesters  ows”rtwe 99 percent   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  generalassembly  zuccottipark  bethemediartit unlawful occupy  zuccotti park   occupywallstreet legal occupation plan  usdor
rt??????????????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ??????not??????? ??????????????? ??????????????? ???????????????  occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet???????? ?????? ????? ?? ?????? arrests peaceful  occupywallstreet  protesters continue. don   ourwallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreetrtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet?? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ??????   ???? ???? ????? ???? ;) ?? ?? ???? ???? ?rtoccupyamerica progress ????????????????   occupywallstreet????? ?????? ?? ????????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ??????? ?????? ????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ????? ????????? ((( ?????? ???????? ?? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????? ??? ?????? ??? ? ??? ?????????? ??? ? ??????? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????. ??? ? ?????? ?????????. ????? ?? ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ??? ?????? ????? ? ??????? ??????? ??????????? ??????? ???? ???? ?????? ???? ??????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ????? ???????? ?????? ?????? ???? ????????? ?????? ???????????  ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ???????????? ???????? ????????????? ???   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ??? ???????? ? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ??? ? ??? ????? ?? ?????? ?? ??? ?? ????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally
“three rabbis hike 15 miles brooklyn bronx weekly lead synagoguetonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.rtcant believe msm ignoring this. rtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstyesterday  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tour guide holding flag lead tourists camp picturesrtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstdouglas lachance  led newspaper deliverers’ union  dies 69 garrulous  fisted labor leader  mr. la...yankees laugh 5 2 loss rays  martin’s humor leads ejection yankees  russell martin ejected...“heroic  africans legendary leaders  iconic sculptures"    africanart metropolitan museum art nycon tues.  thru police lines people leading  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet s/owell comfirmation...damn  rtmcfadden leads raiders past jets 34 24interesting interview jetblue david barger; love leadership consensus situations.oh yes  aregirl power  women leading comes social networkingyemeni leader makes pledge step yemen defiant president addressed troubled nation sunday ...rtanonymous leaderless followers movement leaders.  occupywallstreetrtif bleeds  leads police violence media notice  occupy wall street  ..   ourwallstreetdehumanization= failure imagine lives lead. rtrtmystory rabbis hike 15 miles  brooklyn  bronx weekly lead synagoguertrtgranny peace brigade leads  takewallstreet march  wallstreet  ...rtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingtake pick leadership. sounds   help   leadershiprt    mass arrests york lead heightened tension  nypd  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  feedtheprotest  sept17
ladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...nypd announces street closures expected traffic delays september 17th & 18th   occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtwe met unexpected resistance twitter facebook. confirmed de trended  occupywallstreet.world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  surveyladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official approv...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rtnypd announces street closures expected traffic delays september 17th & 18th   occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrtnypd announces street closures expected traffic delays september 17th & 18th   occupywallstreet  iwilloccupynew pic eat bankers  expected usoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtworld’s data centers expected grow  survey“small donors slow return obama fold   cause expected "progressive" moves/action prez.f ing commies rteuropean commission expected unveil financial transaction taxworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...world’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...police crack  occupy wall street  protests  viaoccupywallst  woodstock  arabspring 1000s expectedladies gentlemen  brooklyn nets subtle expected name change – isn official a...   nba
rtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreet...rtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreetrtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreet
rt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.rtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychirtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychi"action antidote despair" joan baez   occupywallstreet  tarsandsthe  nypd ashamed actions.  handle peaceful demonstration  they?and news  screaming overcrowding  action pleasecop maced peace protestors identifiedoccupywallstreet actions justified?nyt "class war action toys:"  play “haves” “have nots” own lopsided adventure.someone dm list  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet organizers organize performance  p2 actionbill max keiser gold left fort knox  segment fractional reserve currency &  ows  sept17www.puertochan.org supports  occupywallstreet  gritodepuertochan google  fractionalreservebankinga call action union square   liberty square  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfoaffirmative action bake sale students arms controversy cupcakes heating berkeley col...shameful police action  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  abc  nbc  pbs  nprsound familiar? affirmative action bake sale students armsrtwall street’s reaction protests   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rtblog post wall street reaction protests   occupywallstreet  usdor  p2  topprogblog post  wall street reaction protests  p2  p2b  topprog     occupywallstreet  usdor  diggrtnonviolent direct action  occupywallstreet deserves seriously pressrtconfirmed  nypd waiting till nightfall action    plz    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)
“three rabbis hike 15 miles brooklyn bronx weekly lead synagogue“nypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreet” wtf?rtwtf nypd ? nypd cites 166 law banning wearing masks masquerade party (lol  halloween? )  occupywallstreethas  aspca torturing animals facility?   abuse  noose  wtf““wtf manhatten? rtlet boycott burger king (cont)don resist arrest  ll arrest   wtf  ows  occupywallstreetrtnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)nypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)lol yeartis mta twitter? dude  a/c set sub zero now. wtf? re freezingwtf? ?  phone? nm guess wouldn frisked beforehand.  thankgodfortwitterrtnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)rtwtf?i using instagr.am post pictures & paint seen  entirely dissappeared acct/feed?  plz rtrtyou won cover  occupywallstreet nypd maces locks peaceful protesters play lock up?? wtf??wtf rt“manhattan hudson river west 95 st  nypd scene dead body floater (cont)rtnypd  fbi told employees nyc "wireless disrupted anarchists". wtfoccupywallst  sep17martha stewart busted returning call. crashed burned economy? bonuses wtf   occupywallstreetrtyesterday  nypd cop pepper sprayed girls taking pictures protest. police brutality finest.  wtfwtf     rtand  occupywallstreet hashtag isn blocked???wtf nypd??? wall street protests insane   rtyou rock john  rtwtf nyc  nypd anti aircraft defense  submarines  "the ring steel" 2000 cameras soon 3000 nd morertnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)
rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesfinally  kill  em friendly poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesnyt fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesarticle day “small fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoes   hebu  fbrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoessmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesis toxic 2 animals bats  birds? rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicac… (cont)rtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesnytimes fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoessmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoesrtsmall fixes poisoned nectar double edged delicacy mosquitoes
occupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  takewallstreetrtat 2 guys yankees caps. biggie  yankees insignia commonly undercovers identify themselves crowds  occupywallstrtnbceveningnews covers  occupywallstreet tonightrtsept 21  2011covers  occupywallstreet   usd...   sept17  revolutionrtnbceveningnews covers  occupywallstreet tonightrtnbceveningnews covers  occupywallstreet tonightrta movie contagion plastic seatcovers nyc theaters fend bedbugs infesting trousersrtbrian williams nbceveningnews covers  occupywallstreetkeith olbermann covers occupy wall street media blackout  usdor  takewallstreet  nycrta movie contagion plastic seatcovers nyc theaters fend bedbugs infesting trousersrtoccupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination  takewallstreetrt word msnbc covers police brutality.    p2rtanderswine kooper lady boy covers sensational stories manipulate $rtthe guardian uk occupy wall street rediscovers radical imagination   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtat 2 guys yankees caps. biggie  yankees insignia commonly undercovers identify themselves crowds  occupywallstrtlesson. media covers protest 100 cops up.... everyday..... pay attentionrtnbceveningnews covers  occupywallstreet tonightrtrtkeith olbermann covers  occupywallstreet media blackoutoccupywallstreet rediscovers radical imagination   guardian.co.uk     arabspring  openingsalvorta movie contagion plastic seatcovers nyc theaters fend bedbugs infesting trousers
80 arrested financial district protest (  occupywallst ) moves northpeter vallone jr york city council 22nd district chair councils public safety committee promotes police brutality  occupywallst80 arrested financial district protest moves northrtrtcall  troydavis district attorney larry chisolm  call 001 912 652 7308 fax 001 912 652 … (cont)hammond smoking gun redistrictingmight time trip town rtmalaysia noodle festival hits meatpacking district 4 tuesday lunchows intel  nypd surveillance cameras  occupywallstreet financial district  maps  info  readingrtgopbags screw democracy hv politics win..so lie/suppress/redistrict order2 win   usdor  connecttheleft80 ppl arrested york financial district  yesterday80 arrested financial district protest moves north   nytimes.com  << blog  occupywallstreetrt80 arrested financial district protest moves north   digg  p2  topprog  occupywallstreet  tcot  tlotnydn bill hammond smoking gun  redistricting | york daily news80  arrested financial district protest moves  north    terror link seen arrest j.f.k.  nytimesdiggrt rt80 arrested financial district protest moves north   digg  p2  topprog  occupywallstreet ...why little coverage issue? 80 arrested financial district protest moves northhammond smoking gun redistricting | york daily newsrtsolidarity brothers sisters san francisco | occupy sf financial district  occupywallstreet  sept17rtpeter vallone jr york city council 22nd district chair councils public safety committee promotes police brutality  occupywallst80 arrested financial district protest moves north  ...sad  don re protesting  occupywallst80 arrested financial district protest moves north    occupywallstreet80 arrested ny  financial district  protest  obama  2012  class_warfare strategy begins root.
dank  wlf express grattitude all. wonderful loving group; bond breakyes nemesisrupblic   wlf xxxoxxxwill  plavix; roll butter too. log paw wave  ya  wlfpawhugs  wlfrtedl  andreaurbanfox  wlf >< harassing >< why? decided i`m (cont)i in.   (  troydavis  toomuchdoubt  wlfrtrtrtyeeeeeeeeeeeeeoooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwlllllllllllllll  wlf  justice  troydavisvery   wlfthank  *paw hugs*  wlf*stretches* *yawns* rtcommunist tunnocks teacakes? bagpuss? oh yes wurst   wlf*stretches* *yawns* rthe shouldn he?  wlf  bagpuss*stretches* *yawns* rtcompletely confused   wlf  bagpussi feel indulge birthday  especially  oldfart champers morrison own   wlfshe thrilled strip bed 7 am mol  wlfshe delighted . dont cars cos ihave mowse play  wlf«3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>dat pal  proves destined wiv family. yaaay  :o) purr prr xx  wlfnight night nemi. hugs & purrs me. xxx  wlf  savelennox  justiceforfudgertwlf rtstate murder  troydavis midnight anguish him& family. degredation str… (cont)i wish nemi.  wlfrt stay strong brothers sisters   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows
this song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreada political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...rtocuupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ouwallstreet arrest none you. force issue. goodbye fear.  nypdis obligatory 4 arab nations 2 address human rights issues highlighted western msm?  arabspring  occupywallstreetrteverything chicago  lawyers board  cop issues movement growingrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadrtfocus fight cause. wall st. money politics issues fall placerti uploaded avideo  nypd goes postal marchrtmedia team  livestream sound issues. hang  internet   occupywallstreetrtrtthis song issue ht...   gfw  fuckgfw  vpnrtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadrtoccupywallstreet 15 polls issues. power  people vote occupywallstreet.rowvote.com pls rt.rtjust media team legal team. tons legal issues defend ourselves.vetted?occupywallstreet 15 polls issues. power  people vote occupywallstreet.rowvote.comamerican spring  (25 videos issue)  occupywallstreet ? top stories viaa political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...a political wife influence issue contract employee texas association sexual ass...rtthis song issue  send video clips  ll include edit 2 song spreadthere pressing issues facebook changes.  occupywallstreetrtplz assembly sun 9/25/11 7pm pershing square  occupyla  occupywallstreetyip  fair nuff  pool drumsheugh  copyright issue. interes… (cont)
<sinisterteashop> wow  cops late hard irc occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatwow real heros whats beating crap little babies?a day for&. 2 nets fan actually care.  brooklynnets.rtwow. yahoo  apparently blocking emails referencing occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  censorshiprtpaul mccartney ballet wows lincoln center crowdwow  wish nypd nice.  occupywallstreetwow  foxnews informs  occupykansascity   usdor protests planned friday.rtwow  day 11  56 cities + 3 international participating  occupywallstreet accordingrt“wow  via”  takewallst  usdor  sep17wow rtbrooklyn 111 clymer st swastika found  ground floor. wspu & hate crime units scene.rtwow.. amazing  gotta re post this.o donnell word msnbc   takewallstreetwow. rtreturning somalia 20 byrtrtwow. saudi censorship canadian media & ethicaloil.org york times    oilsands  tarsandsrtwow. rtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2  fbwow... really?... actually distance themselves that?.. hope?wow  excellent  occupywallstreet protesters recognized cancer story  wisdom & warnings.  p1  p21  1urtwow. yahoo  apparently blocking emails referencing occupy wall street protests   occupywallst  censorshipwowza   occupywallstreetrt“100  nypd reportedly refused  occupywallstreet” wow :drt“wow  via”  takewallst  usdor  sep17wow nydailynews.com pic mj dead hospital gurney.
rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetteaparty &  occupywallst t/won establishment squeal.  delivery  immigration  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnm  p2rtlive streaming coverage protests wall street.  media won cover  cover yourself.    occupywallstreetdank  wlf express grattitude all. wonderful loving group; bond breakrtcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtwe won burn out. won sell out.  occupywallstreet  sep17media swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  antibanksrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetnyt "now  soon won’t:"  there’s trending faster phenomenon trending.rtwonderful  rtthe  raginggrannies tear livestream now.  occupywallstreetrtrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoppulse:wondering  weare? lil  intel ya [here]  (special msg toat 3:00)  opesr  ourwallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwe wont pander idiots  fools  trolls  sour individuals  looking attention. positive movement.  occupywallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtit sad bloombergs own family  personally  won him. miss help worldwonder successor?rtthank support  occupywallstreet  sept17 won forget it:)rtcnn anderson cooper egypt cover protests tahrir square won block cover  occupywallstreet
rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtrtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rt“daily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.      bravortdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.rtdaily news major york newspaper  occupywallstreet cover.
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000there reason using mace people..rtmaking noise twitter style using  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet addstorm mediaaudit reveals city paid $11.8 million housing subsidies dead peopleusing twitter trends oh damn   beautiful  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpuerto rico 198 prison killing 6 people using homemade blowtorchrtvideos nypd using pepper spray protesterswhat ponchos matters seeing using donated items.rtresearch confirms suspicions ofthat city infested witches    dousingtimeeveryone found bit amusing 8 days ago.   80 protestors arrested  nyc. ponder.  occupywallstrtboycottburgerking refusing serve wall street protesters  occupywallstreet  solidaritycuts layoffs   jobs     housing slump forces cuts town company  viartvideos nypd using pepper spray protestersrtplz begin using  unionsquare. trending. rt"the police trying treat slaves  becaus… (cont)rtrtabusing makes stronger.     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   takewallstreetplease help word media sources york refusing cover  occupywallstreet help wake americartnyc paid $12m housing subsidies dead people...   tcot  tlotarchitecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesny times art news architecture review via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules via verde  i...via verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rules   nytimes.comrtflyers winger wayne simmonds deny using slur sean avery    video simmonds meeting media
"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmtnypd pepper spray women barricade @  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetnypd  unprovoked  peppersprays women  barricade occupy wall street protest   nypdpeppersprayswomen  occupywallstreetrtdaily kos nypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression (cont)rtnypd snatch  arrest  throw  occupywallstreet protester barricade video    p2  p21  dems  taxtherichrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrtnypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppressionrt"kill em kindness  occupywallstreet. yes try kiss em throwing barricades putting icurtthe barricades wall street broke nypd agreement with" nypd mus… (cont)nypd pepper spray women barricade  occupywallstreet goes viral despite youtube suppression
rtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetpatrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinrtwe couldn agree  alec. rtthis unsettling   occupywallstreet  sep17  usdor  antibanks“french react  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  sock ray bleu    francertliberty library growing      occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtfor billy beane  winning isn’trtpbs reporter spends 9 hours jail despite credentials interviewing maced woman  occupywallstreet  owsnewsrtrtwax poetic bout separation leg  exec  jud powers.  owned fickle disloyal incom… (cont)following  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info4rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thankoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21rtfirst ignore  laugh  fight you..then win.  occupywallstreet...and nyc doorman is...lots tweets/links otherwise. eh? know?  occupywallstreet isn trending list ny.sweet dreams giants 29 16 win eagles ...  nygiants  nflrtif re  occupywallstreet wish  check occupation near  movement grow last. win.opshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  blackboc  blackbagged. winrtthe people  hesitant  nypd move in.   people   occupywallstreet  unionsquare
rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtneeds ppl  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallst plsrtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychirtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychiyou 1/4 followers  rubio party message 4 important.   occupywallstreet  noh8  p2rtthe silent majority getting message. tide turning. ll help channel discontent.  occupyla  occupywallstreetshared message via ubersocialqueens overturned vehicle van wyck expressway near jamaica ave ...rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallsttwitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...twitter  amazing race  assist exchange twitter messages led lost passport returned con...rtrtrtunhappy w/ nypd response  occupywallstreet?  message police commissioner he… (cont)rtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstrtrtrt message 2 love 2 brave peaceful  occupiers propelled  day 10  occupywallstreetmessage wall street (join  occupywallstreet)message masses   occupywallstreet beginningthis test messagethis messagert?? message de buckminster fuller sur la vie à vivre du dissident.?   ows  usdor  revolutionrt watch real news  corporate approved message.  p2  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17rtrt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelle… (cont)
20 reasons millions age 30 giving   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarertread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddaword“this  occupywallstreet country wall street fills debt panel cofferswww.bit.ly/dcdebn antichrist matters politics  www.bit.ly/dcdebnwhy  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgprtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice hearddid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtwhy establishment media & power elite loathe  occupywallstreet   usdor  p2rtwhy 100 teapartyers gather view msm uprising & 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectaclertnow prime time march wall street. party  waste park?justsayingoctober2011  chris hedges   occupywallstreet  oct6  usdor  stopthemach2011  yeswecamp  owsoctober2011  chris hedges:why   occupywallstreet  usdor  oct6  antibanks  sep17ray mcgovern   occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011  oct6  sep17  yeswecamp  usdorchris hedges   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismdavid swanson   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismkaren malpede   stopthemach2011  october2011  usdor  ows  libertyplaza  antibanks  anticorporatismrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtwhy protests wall street financial industry impoverished 60m people   sept17<porquoi> main motivator occupywallstreet why?   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chat
rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetamerica yawns  world wakes up. salute america aware.rttons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreettons police vehicles heading towards plaza. people    libertysquare    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreetrtrta photographer identified cowardly nypd supervisor blank maced penned gr...rtabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.rtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachothermuslims:"let irvine 11" warning jews freedom speech hecklers belief jewish judges w/no muslim benchfeels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreet“video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor  listen warning soundrtif lives able  people warm stay temporarily recuperate.  needsoftheoccupiersrtplz help 4 public awareness stop  nypd thugs frm violating citizens constitutional right2protest   occupywallstreetrttwitterswarm   media contact sheet call demand cover  occupywallstreet  =  p21  p2  news  lgbtrt?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreetrtwarning dude gray sweatshirt guy fawkes mask talking police walkie  occupywallst  takewallstreetbrutal haqqani clan bedevils u.s. afghanistan   nytimes.com  sopranos afghanistan warrtyou started glorious fire freedom soon warmth warm souls globertobamaadviserswarnedofloandanger solyndra failure bit.ly/op3ibe  takewallstreet  p2  nowthatsprogressive thanks adminrthow fall wardrobe coming along? options started shopping snapshots sept. 22   fashion
rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetand arrested. notice guy shirt.   takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rt"2 livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. 3 confirmed arrested.  occupywallstreet  welcometopolicestatertupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrttwo livestream teams shut  unionsquare march. confirmed arrested.  occupywrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet 800 protestors replace 80 arrested.rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrthow wall street bankers arrested..// threw trashcans pizza vendors windows?  p2rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetall rights streets nyc nypd.. union square arrested.
"nypd white collar police officer reaching barricade ripping woman hair   ourwallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtiheartradio fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey ...rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreeti tech guru  rtpretty personality test york times. you?rtrtwoman arrested yestrdy  ourwallstreet mariel moshiri  held bellvue overnight cuffed chair.  occupywallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwatch  nypd drag girl hair protest. unbelievable.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet retweet.rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetpeter vallone jr york city council 22nd district chair councils public safety committee promotes police brutality  occupywallstrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetart hair styles creative concepts hair salon saegertown   (814) 763 1551 information on...art hair styles lovato hair salon phoenix   (602) 274 3675 information lovato ha...rtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtnypd officer pulled woman barricade pulling hair    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt“watch  nypd drag girl hair protest. unbelievable.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate woman wheel chair knocked police  brought attn arrested.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
michael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viazachary chesser  threatened south park creators   viartal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtoccupywallstreet   interview woman arrested yesterday  viaheadlineskuvia yorkista  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  nypdpolice crack  occupy wall street  protests  viartrtunbelievable sick footage  nypd drag girl street nypd attacks american flag  viartliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallst viashame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  viartgreat pics  occupyla  generalassembly tonight   cc  occupywallstreet viawatching globalrevolution  viaoccupywallstreetrt?? ????? ?????? ??? ?????? ??????? ?????? ????  viartover 1 million view   female protestors maced    occupywalls...  viapolicebrutality  nypd  voicertdining family makes happier  adjusted teens   viajust commuication via facebook friends/and furfriends here. email via cable company secure.rtrtdogs brazil  viadogs brazil  rentand movin… (cont)rtthe world watching nonviolence liberty plaza  viatakewallstreet  sep17rtrtnette kleine doku zu  occupywallstreet  viatakewallstreetrtmedia phone email   occupywallstreet  ows  wiunion via
rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtjustify taking media equipment  taking news video equipment scared  truth  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquare12 mins 59 hq video  occupywallst  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvideo collection  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetlive stream greece protest   tv greek riots video feed  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetwatch video      occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet   libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertoccupywallstreet propane conversion kit honda eu200i generator. provide this?  usdorrtvideo police brutality  occupywallst protestrtvideoraves greening & sustainability efforts   14ygreenrtdigging videos added  wallstreet protests   occupywallstreet  nyc  takewallstreet  wallstprotest“video nypd pepper spray  force wall street occupiersrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtvideo nypd openly attacking peaceful protesters. seriously  happening.   americanspringrtforgiving student loan debt provide immediate jolt economy.   occupywallstreet  occupylartvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please
rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtdigging videos added  wallstreet protests   occupywallstreet  nyc  takewallstreet  wallstprotestrtlive wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>rtanonymous 3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet  viablog“anonymous 3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet  viablog”“live wall street   occupywallstreet  sep17 watch live videostreaming >>videos  america  takebackamerica  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreetrtvideos nypd using pepper spray protestersrt150 videos  occupywallstreet chronological @   sept17  ows  takewallstreetrtnew york police viavideos unnecessary force peaceful protestors. pay economy crashes?rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywal...rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtyou publish occupy wall street photos & videos straight article pageyou publish occupy wall street photos & videos straight article page     occupywallstreetrtdigging videos added  wallstreet protests   occupywallstreet  nyc  takewallstreet  wallstprotestrtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreetrtvideos nypd using pepper spray protestersrtwhat massmedia dont 3 videos  nypd violence & live  occupywallstreet watch >>rtnypd insists pepperspraying women  occupywallstreet justified & videos edited  ...i call bs
weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...when comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels overweight weight...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...

wall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viaday 8 80 arrested peaceful  legal protest; nets & pepper spray used.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protesters  occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetvictim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetanthony v. bologna pepper sprays peaceful women demonstrators ny   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...“video nypd pepper spray  force wall street occupiersrtjail coward anthony bologna spray eyes pepper spray speaking mind.  occupywallstreet1staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallstrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtrtoccupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   occupywallstreetrtabc news runs web coverage nypd pepper spray attack penned  occupywallstreet protesters.rtrtoccupywallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtthis cool. mtrt:watch  police pepper spray/mace girls? ?  occupywallstreetrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersrtthe infamous nypd pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protesters   usdorwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtnote street medics liquid antacid  pepper spray antidote. don  it.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march  viavote poll
wall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform   occupywallstreetrtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2nyt "class war action toys:"  play “haves” “have nots” own lopsided adventure.rtoccupywallstreet people powered movement democracy... vow monied corruption democracy.every patient carolyn & matthew bucksbaum thank hug patient carewall street  protesters vow fight brooklyn woman front page demonstr...wall street  protesters vow fight jailed wall street protesters emerged cells sunday com...rtqueens councilman peter vallone jr. condones nypd  occupywallstreet brutalityyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2rtwall street  protesters vow fightrtyou rock   occupywall street jailed vow fighting financial reform   ows  p2rtmisshas verbal vow silence protest.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet 1/2 ...rtwall street  protesters vow fight brooklyn woman front page demonstr...rtwall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting f..wall street  protesters vow fight brooklyn woman front page demonstr...wall street  protesters vow fightrtwall street  protesters vow fightwall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reformrtoccupywallstreet people powered movement democracy... vow monied corruption democracy.rtlive coverage  occupywallstreet  corp media ignores protest  buffettax  p2  sharedsacrifice  michigan  1uwall street  protesters jailed union square scuffle vow fighting financial reform
weight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helpweightloss  health weight loss guru offers golfers help  hr health updateweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...
rtthats boot fascism neck  hippy... law civilization   usdor  occupywallstreet  p2rtwell glad koch bros. tired hippy crap nyc cops bust heads..  usdor  p2  occupywallstrt***watch heroic bulky cop fling hippy flotsam  usdor crowd    >   p2  tcot  occupywallstreetrtthats boot fascism yur neck  hippy law & & civilization   occupywallstreet  p2 >so  meet again..rtforce tweet representative success  usdor   < rtcapitalism ...rt"yahoo blocked emails wall street protests"   occupywallstreetrti hear foundations evil capitalism cracking    oh wait  hippy skulls   usdayofrage  p2rtevery time hippy beaten  stocks gain 1%occupywallstreet  usdor  usdayofrage  p2rtif start fund buy heroic hippy bashing cops buncha donuts monday   tcot help out?  usdor  occupywallstreethahahaha[knowing painfully ny taxes towards cracking hippy heads lessens pain]  usdorrtcall hippys call  occupywallstreet everyday americans.  most.rt"yahoo blocked emails wall street protests"   occupywallstreetrt**watch cop  rotund heroism  fling hippy flotsam  usdor crowd    >   p2  tcot  occupywallstreetrtthats boot fascism neck  hippy... law civilization   usdor  occupywallstreet  p2rt***watch cop  rotund heroism  fling hippy flotsam  usdor crowd    … (cont)rt***watch cop  rotund heroism  fling hippy flotsam  usdor crowd    … (cont)well glad koch bros. tired hippy crap nyc cops bust heads..  usdor  p2  occupywallstsigning offensively taxes ny easier bc towards crackin hippy heads  usdor***watch heroic bulky cop fling hippy flotsam  usdor crowd    >   p2  tcot  occupywallstreet***watch cop  rotund heroism  fling hippy flotsam  usdor crowd    >   p2  tcot  occupywallstreetif start fund buy heroic hippy bashing cops buncha donuts monday   tcot help out?  usdor  occupywallstreet
rtoccupywallstreet begins  improvisesrtoccupywallstreet begins  improvisesrtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises waging nonviolence   people  bysept17rtoccupywallstreet begins  improvisesrtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises waging nonviolence   people  bysept17rtoccupywallstreet begins & improvises   ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  takewallstreet  sep17rtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises waging nonviolence   people  bysept17rtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises waging nonviolence   people  bysept17rtoccupywallstreet begins  improvisesrtoccupywallstreet begins  improvisesrtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises waging nonviolence   people  bysept17rtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises waging nonviolence   people  bysept17rtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises waging nonviolence   people  byowsnewsrtoccupywallstreet begins  improvisesrtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises waging nonviolence   people  bysept17rtoccupywallstreet begins  improvisesoccupywallstreet begins  improvises waging nonviolence   people  bysept17rtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises waging nonviolence   people  bysept17rtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises waging nonviolence   people  bysept17rtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises waging nonviolence   people  bysept17rtoccupywallstreet begins  improvises
rtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tortrtbig media afraid wall street protest seriously   ourwallstreet  vancouver  cdnpolirturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtrtas uniformed public servant  commend  occupywallstreet protesters  nyc… (cont)flood victims getting fed congress darlene swithers pennsylvania resident home severely ...listening  (*ignore date  msg relevant)  ourwallstreet  opesrrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksrttrust citizen media  followrtweetrt"kill messenger" book examines media perpetuated evil |  occupywallstreet“video awful & unlawful nypd pepper sprays 2 helpless  penned women peaceful wall street protestrtsolidarity rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet please welcome&23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????nyt ed "tampering electoral college:"  pa gopers propose changing voting system partisan advantage.rttrust citizen media  followrtweetrturgent. badge numbers. mtthere 50+ arrested caravan  nette… (cont)rtplease follow&now   cdnpoli  cndpoli  canpoli  toronto  vancouver  ourwallstreet  occupycanadartrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrttomorrow movement bigger   occupywallstreetrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.rtnypd 4gets ppl enemy combatants "wall street demonstrations test police trained 4 bigger threatsrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtmichael moore  occupywallstreet bigger   ows  fyw   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorwall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threats violent clash marching the...rttomorrow movement bigger   occupywallstreetrtbe bigger reasons   occupywallstreetrtnytimes suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb.wall street demonstrations test police trained bigger threatsrtnyt suggests  wallstreet march peaceful  nypd exercise restraint "trained bigger threats." gmfb..the  nypd pathetic. heydont thug cops  occupywallstreet stronger bigger  2rttomorrow movement bigger   occupywallstreetrttomorrow movement bigger   occupywallstreetrttomorrow movement bigger   occupywallstreet
rtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rt“hundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet  solidarityrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtrtfdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtrtrthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank them… (cont)nypd using intimidation tactics arrest strategy.  alex  media team  returned  libertyplaza. note  msm.  occupywallstreetsigning evening. sleep  especially heroines heroes  libertyplaza. ll b… (cont)hundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreetoutreach table posted sched  libertyplaza. gen. assembly minutes  visit nycga.net.  occupywallstreethumid rainy morning  libertyplaza. sleeping bag soaked through.  occupywallstreetrtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rtan  fdny firetruck horn love driving  libertyplaza. thank themtakewallstreet  sep17rthundreds  libertyplaza.  nypd presence light.  occupywallstreet
occupywallst occupy wall street life poor hell    usa  newyorkoccupywallst real democracy street    change    usa  tunisieoccupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usaoccupywallst wallstreet hell poors finish   nd protest  usaoccupywallst medias usa belongs rich poors   change nd     usairan religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  franceoccupywallstreet fuck obama administration nd richs    usa fuck police york  usa  newyork  sep17occupywallstreet fucking consumer richs    nd protest justice  usa  takewallstreetrtkeep  thousands usa waking efforts    takeourstreetrtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsrtrtoccupy wall street  pepper spray  officer named bush protest claim   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrtstep  1   television  good.avlnews  occupywallstreetrtthe truth usa dangerous country world human rights  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  dayofragertbroadcasts wall street occupation  anonymous  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  susan sarandon  occupywallstreetrt?usayu.r.a philantropist & condone cops brutality peaceful demonstrators protesting tyrany?  occupywallstreet|cnn| wall street protests enter 11th day    la egypt ourwallstreet usdor occupywallstreet ny nyc nj usa dw uk gb europert   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetrtam  "this democracy looks like" chant symphony ears?  solidarity  occupywallstreetrtyou rock john  something...rtrtyou rock john  something...rt
rtnytimes finance minister quit russian government aleksei l. kudrin refus...   world  news  nyrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtlegal team indicating notice served ambiguous legally dubious.  takewallstreet  sep17rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtmany awake  asleep  libertypark... spectacle tourists. stop speak w/us...  occupywallstreetrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowtook 2/3 line 96 bklyn. 5 train w/lots delays. exited atlantic bus. wrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideagovernment obviously us. activists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protestersrtknock knock....  anonymous... respect?    occupywallstreet  opshadowrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetman stabs roommate machete  lights self fire cops bonkers bronx machete stabbed hous...rtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartknow rights (mobile)  calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet    peacefully assemble rights stripped us. abuse brutality stoprtanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreetrtthis video tells story  targets  andexpect us.  anonymousrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreet
rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginyou tell pigs leave innocent protesters alone.women maced? fenced in? cattle ? fucking serious?rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtdid  fuckyoujpmorganchase ad campaign?  associating themselves w/  freedom.  answer   anonymous?  takewallstreetrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginy mad? expect us?  fuck youcan leather journal sinuous? (i guess stretch word supple  supple?)in arizona accent hinder teacher’s career  serious? 4get arizona belonged mexico?rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwhen peaceful protest illegal us?  occupywallstreet"how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin"?cyberlaw? anonymous????????????????????youtube???? ??????????? ?anonymous threatens nypd alleged wall str...rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrthey tony bologna  feel infamous? ll seeing court...  occupywallstreet  coward  owsrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin
this video  viral. nypd detain mace female peaceful protestorsrtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"everyone post vid arriving soon fb  linkedin  google+  etc.  bullshit viral.  occupywallstreetrtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"out  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rt  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   female protest maced nypdrtrt  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   female protest maced nypdrtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtrt  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   female protest maced nypdrtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtrtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral.  "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"

rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtrtwe front page theoccup...rtrtrtthe front page ofoccup...rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rthow people doing?    occupywallstreet  guys rock    up...rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........affirmative action bake sale berkeley college students arms nina mandell controversy cup...rtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorwonder media picking up....why yelling " world watching" complainingrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtrtoccup...rtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtlesson. media covers protest 100 cops up.... everyday..... pay attentionrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtopesr dr?id uk politics change  time   occupymcr start   usdor  occup...  /v  fss34  ch34rtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdor
dhs chemicals biological response unit wearing anonymous maskrtfascinating look inside nypd counterterrorism unit cbs  60 minutesrtworkers world  unite. lose chains   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  wallstreetrt"no society history imprisoned people united states."  occupywallstreet  riptroydavisrtoccupywallstreet *full* support nyc community board. v| awesome.rtus ambassador exciting opportunities corporations libya beyond "crown jewel" oilrton top  famine   unspeakable violence  viartcbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etunited continental pilots march wall street  $ual  occupywallstreet  usdor  takebackamericathey don immunity they? bring courtnyt "tagline ideas u.s. post office:"  promote united postal service.rtworkers world  unite. lose chains   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  wallstreetrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorsept. 28  1924. sept. 28  1924  united army air service planes completed ci...solidarity unity  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo  usdor sleep sidewalk argrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdorrtbrooklyn 111 clymer st swastika found  ground floor. wspu & hate crime units scene.police  crackdown protestors  occupywallstreet looking  assad  syria. dictators unitingrtstrauss kahn lawyers diplomatic immunityrtnypd manhattan precincts 1 23 citywide 1 3 live scanner audio feed  stay informed   occupywallstreet  usdor  unityrt"46 million people living poverty united states"  michael moore talks capitalism  cnn  occupywallstreet  usdor
america yawns  world wakes up. salute america aware.rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........keep up. world watching. rtoccupywallstreet trending worldrtok ny news 1 up. battery dying. heading home now. footage.  takewallstreet  occupywallstrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtorwell moment police retina scanning protesters scooped up.  takewallstreet  owsrtyou don lose police arrest & beat media ignores you. lose up. up.  occupywallstreet  p2rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtneeds support. re denver..stand up.. occupydenver  occupythenation  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  otn  usdorrtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetwabc eyewitness news up.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  cnn  reuters  time  cbs  nbc  npr  pbsrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)nypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. free pr… (cont)rtorwell moment police retina scanning protesters scooped up.  takewallstreet  owsrtrthot damn  libertyplaza  ve kept square. admire hell you.  up. frrtrtwe front page theoccup...rtdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetdo up. everyday people waking joining movement.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtrtthe front page ofoccup...
casi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreetrtunfortunately nypd holding bad ones.rtunfortunately whatever happen  zaccutti it. enforcing thr government respond  takewallstreetrtnypd chasing runaway horse  incident control  horse stopped @ 115th & riverside >only in.. guess happens everywherethe media finally  occupywallst coverage.  unfortunately coverage biased misinformation.   thanksmediarttrigger warning. 0:40  nypd uniformed maces – eyes – unarmed  unthreatening  penned protesters.“hi  can;t boycott  dont eat stuff (cont)rtunfortunately  nypd  brutality blatant disregard peoples rights  occupywallstreet start getting news coverage.rtrt  anon tweet& tell  expectus ve today.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetlion king  beats  moneyball  box office brad pitt unable cat the...wonder running. mtmanhattan nypd chasing runaway horse   horse stopped 115 st & riverside drive.there home =) lol rtnypd chasing runaway horse  reporting incident control.rtreal criminals impede natural birth peaceful protest & speech.  occupywallstreet  usdorrtcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreethim saturday sept17  doing wonderful..but unable receive mail personally fans..occupy wall street. occupy main street. occupy everything. force tsunami change nation.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtwhen hurt protestersyou  expectus      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet”rtnypd pens  maces unarmed female protesters  occupywallstreet broad daylight thousands watchingrt13% & students ready college careers unacceptable time  fixschoolsnyc.rtcasi un centenar de  indignados  neoyorquinos arrestados durante una marcha pacífica   15oct  occupywallstreetno puedo ir una mani sin mi máscara de ya que la tengo  asi que creo que sería detenido  espero que esta tarde esté el nypd
rt6100 listeners waiting 2 hear live calls  occupywallstreet call 347 688 2902  revolutionradiortyow revradio real  devil qwerty   occupywallst  takewallstreetradioactivity japan rice raises worriesrtcbsnews inside look  nypd anti terrorism unit city nation remain target. listen 12am etrtiheartradio fest lady gaga dedicates  hair  bullied gay teen jamey ...on east village radio tonightinvited hardcore & punk rock listeners attend  occupywallst friday @ 3pm.  nycoccupy wall st s24 police riot | common dreams   occupywallst  occupyus  citizenradioam agreement..no revolution fought  enemy knowing moves. on.. occuywallstreet  takewallstreetinternet breathes life clock radio   nytimes.comrthip hop pioneer radio rahim "we don amplifier  amplifiers "  takewallstreet  wearethe99rtlive stream da occupy wall street   & join    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet     globalrevolution startediheartradio festival jay  coldplay  alicia keys  jane addiction kick ... concertgoers waved their...rtmy response theterrible  occupywallstreet coverage   takewallstreet  p2rtrtone "it lot pepper spray leave  occupywallstreet""rtthe abraham lincoln lifelong struggle depression   ny times articlertamerican spring? rtdo changing world? tonyc  wnyrtthe  occupywallst tweeters careful tone. constant urgency/melodrama boy/wolf element. trust feed.rtthe occupywallst tweeters careful w/tone.constant urgency/melodrama boy/wolf element.can trust feediheartradio festival jay  coldplay  alicia keys  jane addiction kick ... final performance ...rtsupport  occupywallstreet   play unpluggedrtif national conservative radio cause call 1 866 957 2874  occupywallst  ourwallst  sept17
rtgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtlooking network  nola  occupynola event?   occupywallstreet  ows  a99  usdorrt11 help  occupywallstreet movement    viausdor  ows  occupynola  occupytogetherrtwelcomeourwallstreet  cdnpolirtnow time ppl 2 2 aid countries.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyla  occupyphoenix  occupynolartlooking network  nola  occupynola event?   occupywallstreet  ows  a99  usdorgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrt“wow spreading fast   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix”rtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrtnoam chomsky  occupywallstreetwww.facebook.com/occupynola  occupynola   spread thisoccupywallstnyctold ya =]occupywallstnyc  occupynola  occupydenverrtnoam chomsky  occupywallstreetrtwelcomeourwallstreet  cdnpolirtwelcomeourwallstreet  cdnpolirtwelcomeourwallstreet  cdnpolirtnow time ppl 2 2 aid countries.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyla  occupyphoenix  occupynolawelcomeourwallstreet  cdmpoli
rtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet people powered movement democracy... vow monied corruption democracy.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrtoccupywallstreet people powered movement democracy... vow monied corruption democracy.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertyparkrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetfeedtheprotest launches police accountability database     powered public    ourwallstreet  takewallstreetfeedtheprotest launches police accountability database     powered public    occupywallstreet  takewallstreetfeedtheprotest launches police accountability database     powered public    ourwallstreet  nypdrtoccupywallstreet people powered movement democracy... vow monied corruption democracy.rturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetplay ny daily news  pro football pick em powered social betworksrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtfeedtheprotest launches police accountability database     powered public    ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet globalrevolution   live streaming video powered livestreamrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweet
wall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viavictim testimony  chelsea elliott pepper sprayed  nypd    occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march scores protesters arrested m...rtrtoccupywallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtunbelievable footage female protesters kettled pepper sprayed   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march  viavote pollrtwatchstaff pepper sprayed nypd viartwall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march    occupywallstreet  owswall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   ows  antibanksoccupy wall street protesters kettled pepper sprayed nypd [video]government obviously us. activists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protestersrtanonymous posts id nypd officer pepper sprayed  occupywallstreet protesters union squarertjulie andboth pepper sprayed faces.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtfreedom  usa "wallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   occupywallstreetrti didnt care  occupywallstreet  nypd captain deputy inspector anthony bologna pepper sprayed deaf woman blank :^(rtactivists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protesters union squareaccording photog  snr cop mace sprayed defenceless female protestors  occupywallst name bolognawall street protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  marchrtremember nypd pepper sprayed ceo wall street? either.  p2  p21  occupywallstreet
new aqueduct casino thumbs computerized nose ny gambling lawsrt “judge lawsuit filed utility wake 9/11 "far fetched"  oh wellrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolinyt "where abortion rights disappearing:"  anti abortion forces enacting laws & regs narrowing women choices.theeditorial board supports calls lives  laws campaign. read editorialroger ebert hero day...a frail human flaws indomitable passion spirit.rtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtny police *outlaws* peaceful protest prohibiting camping private park  occupywallstreet nypd violent & repressive.rtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtwe officer lawsuit false arrest civil rights violations  occupywallstreet?takewallstreet notre dame protests—they don own flaws  folk ll hate  em.  sept17rtcity cardozo  city top lawyer  details payouts $561 million lawsuitsrtregulations laws prevent cheating/harming public. obvious gop de regulation  wallstreet  gop  usdor  2012theeditorial board supports calls lives  laws campaign. read editorialnew aqueduct casino thumbs computerized nose ny gambling lawsgotti  producer joe pesci movie despite actor lawsuit ... week  tmz.com reported tha...president obama tried pass laws hold wall street accountable  tried gop stopped him.  occupywallstreetlawsmenshouldfollow beat violent protestors  takewallstreet  occupywallstrttime class action lawsuit nyc mayor & police department. bet media attention  occupywallstreetrtinteresting. recall didn assert immunity criminal case. rtdsk claims diplomatic immunity lawsuitrtoccupywallstreet atty  looks guys standing hundreds lawsuits nyc.
name scientist    interactive feature   nytimes.comuaf live police inaction joke.video appears wall street protesters pepper sprayed  viartvigil  troydavis outside embassy london.  toomuchdoubt yfrog.com/h7cqluafj  wlf.my word life  saddo existence  lead.   ukuncut  edl  uaf liz alvis :0)< major saddo one. pathetic troll account.  edl  uaf  andreaurbanfox<<it normal paedophilia.   edl supporter would.   uafare sharing friends &  family  sick anti muslim videos following youtube & fb?  edl  uafhashtag trolling saddo?    andreaurbanfox   edl  uaf  ukuncut  dalefarm   tcot  teamwc   teaparty  bnpoh  sandreaurbanfox twitpics  repubiic linking   share computer  edl  uafperhaps&can explain?    edl  uaf  ukuncut   racism  andreaurbanfox>< sick person  andreaurbanfox  edl  uaf  ukuncut  dalefarm  tcot<  dumb sums perfectly. bet andrea deletes comment ; )   edl  uaf.< sicko idiot load fake profiles linking & liz alvis  isn me.   edl  uafthis picture racist comment sent pal stalker?    ukuncut  edl  uaf  tcotdo stop idiot yourself.  edl  bnp  uafis intimidation? so&might wish  edl  uaf  bnp><sounding syl liverpool account deleted tweeted personal info  edl  uaf  bnp   bullyi contacts twitter i?  news me.   ip twitter account. liar bully.  edl  uaf  bnp.   decided liz alvis? re cyberbullying her?  edl  ukuncut  uafso decided bully liz alvis you?  andreaurbanfox  edl   ukuncut   uaf  bloody tedious drama queen.
a american military officers afghan officials finished five hour meeting their...and potentially destroy world rtun assembly meeting impact traffic manhattanrtin  libertysquare  occupywallstreet citizens regular meetings  called assembliesrtflyers winger wayne simmonds deny using slur sean avery    video simmonds meeting mediartrtour  occupytour now. walking meeting neighbors  liv… (cont)when g20 meeting?rt1st meeting  occupybinghamton tonight cyber cafe. starts 7pm  upstairs.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrthave meeting tomorrow there? cab.   nyc  fuckthemtartour  occupytour now. walking meeting neighbors  liv… (cont)at occupy wall street assembly meeting  announced planning "huge" march saturday 3pmplz 1st official  denverga meeting tuesday  sep27 7pm following obama speech  denver  occupydenver  occupythenationplz 1st official  denverga meeting tuesday  sep27 7pm following obama speech  denver  occupydenver  occupythenationrtg.a. meeting now. major protests/marches planned today.need day shit yesterdayrtour  occupytour now. walking meeting neighbors  liv… (cont)rtrtrtoccupyvancouver 1st meeting tomorrow cafe deux soleils 20… (cont)rtmeeting  indeed occupying  vancouver  oct15  cdnpoli  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  occpywallstreetrtworking initial meeting discuss plans  occupywallstreetrtrtgo west movement.   occupywallstreet  occupyla meeting nightly los angeles pe… (cont)working initial meeting discuss plans  occupywallstreetdonald trump emerges mitt romney meeting offering faint praise gop ...   york daily newsrtoccupyphilly planning meeting sept 27 wooden shoe book store   south st. twit tag  occupyphillymt  occupywallstreet
rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpolistop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt3 videos  nypd violence yesterday  occupywallstreet watch >>rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rti am glad  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtrtsturgeon live acoustic set tonite ~ 9pm  libertysquare zuccati park nyc  occupywallstreet  usdor  ourwallstreetrt“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetchris hedges live   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetgreece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetoccupywallstreet live assembly   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  globalrevolution  anonymousmichael moore live  occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmichael moore "you historical "via human megaphone   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtyes didthat awesome thanks   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdorrtthe guardian pepper spray officer bologna history civil rights violations  surprised.  usdorrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrtthe truth usa dangerous country world human rights  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  dayofragertaclu ?know yr rights  2 re stopped police  immig  fbi   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetstudents  knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  studyrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtanyone rights dealing w/police  check mobile versionaclu blog nyclu scene wall street protests   usdor  occupywallstreet  civilrights  takebackamerica  owsmust & retweet   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  civilrights  antibanks  antiwardiebold voting machines hacked $10   takebackamerica  usdor  civilrights  diebold  hackerrtread & tell shouldn bigger protest nyc. 1st ammendment democratic rights  usdornyt "where abortion rights disappearing:"  anti abortion forces enacting laws & regs narrowing women choices.[edunews] students’ knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  studyrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"occupywallstreet violence... free?   bahrain  hypocrisy  humanrightsmap abortion rights disappearing  | poor  "abortion rights" meaningless phrase.where abortion rights disappearing  (via)
rtsexenio > saudi women vote saudi arabia’s king abdullah women right...rti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?rtwhy isn  teaparty  occupywallst? oh  right. 100% corporate owned  entirely wall st bidding....  p2i hope re right. ground change  chaos slaughter streets. give.rtwhy isn  teaparty  occupywallst? oh  right. 100% corporate owned  entirely wall st bidding....  p2rtyou alone... all...  ourwallstreet  opesr  mudfux  disinfo  occupywallstreet hold tight right.rt "i nypd officers 2 right. protesting right" (      )what wasn right. benefit too.  occupywallstreet.right. guys shut point. hate speech tolerated  peaceful protests truth notalecbaldwin nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?that is:nypd respect civilians civilians exercise 2nd amendment right.rti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?rti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?rtlunch til 130ish..then keynote right...  conconconit be.  libertyplaza won tonight. tell alright.  ows  occupywallstreetright. mace  heard unconfirmed tear gas. rtare saying mace  denying completely?no  stockholm syndrome  real trader actually forthright. relax  trolling.so true. hedges right. rtcornel west speak  occupywallstreet+expect lib criticism hrs  usdor  owsis right.was trying funny. hone comedy.rti nypd officers right. protesting right. 9 11 kill protest ny?that hear  friends  right. care yourself
we  wavygravy  thousands cupcakes brooms. clean city re living streets. ourwallstreetrtannouncement   tons brooms asap  don 2 now. bring  em  libertyplaza   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanuprtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.<thought getting broomstick ready halloween  wlf  occupylsx  edlrtrtannouncement   tons brooms asap  don 2 now. bring  em  libertyplaza   needsoftheoccupiersrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtwe brooms  ows protesters question motive bloomberg friday park cleanuprtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtannouncement   tons brooms asap  don 2 now. bring  em  libertyplaza   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanuprtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..>sea brooms< timeforthis wall street? pic   wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtwe brooms  ows protesters question motive bloomberg friday park cleanuprtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers brooms dust pans...must kitchen sanitary according police  occupydenver  anons
rtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsultra  running olympic speed skater apolo ohno talks nyc marathon training  chocolate milk ...nypd failed 16 yr girl stab bk (not confused bx) smh. call help. 911 arrived late help her...rtlet love late night images coming   takewallstreet  occupywallst remind days tahrirdanks book marked link re; facebook read later; google track everywhere; searchs; deleteswill  plavix; roll butter too. log paw wave  ya  wlfrtwhat cheaper  eating out?rtgreatgraphic cost fast food vs homertall  bikenyc invited ride late night/morning  libertysquare provide security  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtlots women released  snacking sandwiches  cookies  cheese & fruit plates courtesy nyc iww  occupywallstreetrtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight. occupiers hungry  please help yourself.rtmtwatch footage susan sarandon  occupywallstreet protestsrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers bring donations reusable plates  bowls  & utensils kitchen team @  zuccottiparkthis  njtransit  news tweet 2 1/2 hours late<sinisterteashop> wow  cops late hard irc occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtthe wikileaks truck arrived zuccotti cops moments later.  occupywallstnyt "not smart cities:"  pegasus holdings build medium size town nm desert populated entirely robots.rtbe wear masks covering block pig photo biometeric recordings mass arrests attending wallstreetrtrtsome info cops penning people marching   unionsquare  oc… (cont)red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bosto...nypd violated terms court settlement 2004 2008   occupywallstreet  courts  dsot  p2
rtlegal info fr.  nlg  sept17 peaceful occupation  wallstreet   nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspolirt   photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photort  photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photort  nypd   people  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photo  photography  copsrt[important] bring camera  record  upload   sept17  wallstreet  nyc  ows  tws  p2  p2b  needsoftheoccupiers  uspoli  nysertreynolds organize politically thru church  labor  political party middlemen. no… (cont)rtbtw  nypd blocked roads nets  confirmed photos  | htt… (cont)rt   photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photort   photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photort   photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photortrtbtw  nypd blocked roads nets  confirmed photos  | htt… (cont)rt   photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photortrt  photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photort  nypd   people  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photo  photography  copsrt   photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photortthe world watching nonviolence liberty plaza / analysis   takewallstreet  occupacywallstreet  ows  twsrt   photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photortso reviewing vinoly colchester art gallery st (£)  (cont)rt  photos violent arrests nypd union square  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tws  photortstreet medics/first aid guide   sept17  wallstreet  nyc  ows  tws  p2   n...rtgood morninganother beautiful day peaceful  ows  supportows  tws
stephen exec director interviewed cheryl willisrtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet ..her mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carei interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carertchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carealready interviewed week lolrtamy goodman ofjust interviewed nathan. interviewed. don ...rtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdoryea   rtstephen exec director interviewed cheryl willsrtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carechris hedges interviewed livestream.com/globalrevolution. talking nypd...rtchris hedges interviewed  libertypark  occupywallstreet    tune livestream   usdorrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford carerti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford care
happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?"police investigate fatal chelsea stabbingseems undue force peaceful protest. plz investigate   nypd  wallstreet...rtcity investigates cattle prod allegationrtcity council investigate bloomberg’s personnel projectcity council investigate bloomberg’s personnel projectinvestigate nypd400000 jeep liberty s.u.v. investigated unwarranted air ... national highway traffic safety admin...demand independent commissions investigate wall street corruption.city council investigate bloomberg’s personnel project elected officials charged ...rtcia investigate nypd spies —     occupywallstreetcia investigate nypd spies —     occupywallstreetsmfh rt"police investigate fatal chelsea stabbingwent nypd website andno mention  occupywallstreet video press incident investigated.what  occupywallstreet ? tired investigate lol... nite tweepspolice investigate woman attack brooklyn subwaypolice investigate double bronx shootingpolice investigate fatal chelsea stabbingrtpolice investigate fatal chelsea stabbingcity investigates cattle prod allegation
change  proud trying establish changes.1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst“this  occupywallstreet country wall street fills debt panel coffersfrom pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21rtthe truth usa dangerous country world human rights  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  dayofrageomc yikes  confidential; am rid gmail; apparently formhongkong trying break inhis mom gonna try video tape properly. wait lolrtour comrades inneed help. cops trying force public property.  occupywallst  occupytogetherplease updated. trying plan commute w/small children.private jet industry "about third flights empty"rtrttry 2 donations vitamin 3 4 protesters. help fight agnst colds & flu..  needsoftheoccupiersmerchants country.   thomas jefferson (part 1 quote  2 coming)rtfinally food punditry junk food cheaperrtwhy protests wall street financial industry impoverished 60m people   sept17<trykz>    occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatsince dearth stories wall st. protests corporate media  try daily kos    occupywallstreetnyt "the surreal ruins qaddafi’s land:"  libyans struggle escape country’s twisted history.rtthe media trying hold false move  portray negative view  ourwallstreet takingrtthree arrested trying protect belongings tarps. nypd unnecessary roughness.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet vid 2 folrtoccupywallstreet global movement  start neighborhood  people run country corporations    ourwallstreetshouldnt guys looking 4 jobs opposed trying stop doing them? rtday 8  occupywallstreet
patrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlin| sport| patrick makau sets  world record  berlin     nj dc uk gb kenya dw malawi nigeria ethiopia la europe txadvisor news   patrick makau sets world record berlinrtparadise lost  director joe berlinger sought justice convict..rtconfirmed 1 chopper abc news. other?rtan school peer wrote    nypdviolence videos posted hop bus join.  sep17kenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. freakishrt2 hours  3 mins  38 secs. nytimes kenyan sets world record winning berlin marathonny times patrick makau sets world record berlin patrick makau won time 2:03:38  topping previ...rtan school peer wrote    nypdviolence videos posted hop bus join.  sep17rtnews   patrick makau sets world record berlin   nytimes.com kenyan sets world record winning berlin ma...rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rt  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet   globalrevolution   celebrity  music  berlinpatrick makau sets world record berlin patrick makau won time 2:03:38  topping record he...rtnew world  marathon record patrick makau  2:03:38 berlinrtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile    try running 4:45 mile  deadly“patrick makau sets world record berlin  kenyan prideat moment homeless  running site.. income  job. hell   occupywallstreetkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile    try running 4:45 mile  deadlyrtconfirmed 1 chopper abc news. other?
economic collapse  financial manipulation dollar crisis   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetmn 8 av & 125 st. building collapse w/ victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ems req scene rush. 2 nypd rpt inj. /bbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   antibanks  takebackamerica  usdor  owsbbc speechless trader tells truth total collapse (by design) comin...   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdorrtbbc speechless trader tells truth "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"      takewallstreetrtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks p...rtcity seven injured scaffold collapses onto bus harlemrtu/d manhattan 8 av west 125 st 2 story constr bldg  scaffold collapsed mta bus. 2 injured nypd officers.  btcprayersrtmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  (cont)rtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurertmanhattan:8 ave & west125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd esu & ems requested scene rushas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future  coming country nearrtcity seven injured scaffold collapses onto bus harlemnytimes yankee fans feel sympathy   red sox brethren   nowyouknowitsbad  fuhgeddaboutit  collapseas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurewoaa  rtrtmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly ...rtfwdbrooklyn ave & east 18 st car store front minor building collapse  serious injuries reported.rtnytimes residential building collapse delhi kills 7 broken beams mounds clay ...   world  news  nysox ace. pedro allowed collapsertmanhattan 8 ave & west 125 st building collapse victims possibly trapped. fd  esu  & ...
rtsleep wellwhat am doing gun? doing one? i’m sheriff  statenisland  aliceaustenwhat am doing gun? doing one? i’m sheriff  statenisland  aliceausten<blandsoda> luck people ground   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatnyt "the surreal ruins qaddafi’s land:"  libyans struggle escape country’s twisted history.on baseball verlander  magical season  25th win win saturday  justin verlander’s 201...rt500mm sm farmers 3rd world starving due land purchases foreign inv   commodity trading & biofuels.  usdorrtus day rage portland  sept17 protest pics  ccrtyo portland.  occupyportland on. rtin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...rtand apparently  occupywallstreet happening england  u.s.in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...rtourwallstreet people starting fb occupy city planning occupations country  portland doingrthomeland security makes appearance  occupywallstreet  viap2  usdorrtsaturday  sept17 citizens ashland oregon gathered front city hall solidarity  occupywallstreet protest  usdorlauryn hill sued fashion consultant allegedly stealing clothes ... sashana maitland lauryn hill ...anyone organizing  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  cleveland  please know; akron & helprtwethepeople  occupyaustin  occupyphilly  occupyportland   occupymn  occupyseattle  occupysf  occupywallstreet  usdor    occupytogetherrti <3  occupyaustin rtreportin inoccupywallstreet  owsrttaxi driver london  england united  occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtoccupyportland  join oct. 6th 12pm waterfront park peaceful occupation.  followfor date info.  usdor
rt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartjustin selena zoo found lost identical twina web tool automate internetrtoccupywallstreet  foxnews. getting secret.tax payer bailout banks "too fail" 99% austerity  bankster criminal arrests  reason  occupywallstreetwill  plavix; roll butter too. log paw wave  ya  wlfrtit 100 hundred protestors arrested mention thetakewallstreet journalism dead.rt   bankofamerica killed 10 000 jobs usa month  fucking bailout $  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet canada supports you. please support too.  occupycanada   thanksgreat photos & re cause  too.   : )rtrtthe solyndra ‘panic’took 2/3 line 96 bklyn. 5 train w/lots delays. exited atlantic bus. wrtunconfirmed reports  occupywallstreet tag censored twitter   takewallstreet  iwilloccupy toooccupywallstreet.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupyla  owstoo failed inspired sign  occupywallstreet  usdor  draw365 painted image 145/365hitlers following too.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  libertyplaza  antiwar  owswhen delays headed straight path  hoboken & montclair train. faith penn anymorephoto anthony weiner picking nose rayburn hob building june.  uphotophotos sen. gillibrand/rep. hocul cong. women softball game.  uphotopic cardboard cutout justin beiber front rep. mike pence office day.  uphoto
stop bullying...  nypd  occupwallstreet heros?rtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetoccupywallst meaning life stop stupid consumer nd protest wallstreetrtthe crazy  occupywallst leaches cares. stop cussing cops homertkeep news coverage rollingdozens arrested 8th day  occupywallstreet protests (  cantstopthesignalrtoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.rt8 wks protests  nokxloccupywallstreet 9/17oct6 dcglobalchange.rtwe real democracy world. stop financial dictatorship now.rtfollowfor excellent  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows coverage  p2  topprog  peoplesmediarttwitter suppressing  occupywallstreet hashtag deliberately   stop twitterrtrtexcessive force nypd sickening.  please stay safe stay strong.  occupywallstreetrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadown3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopn3kkid  occupywallst spokesmodel   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst spokesgenious   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocrajoni mitchell n3kkid  occupywallst ijit   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcotanyone notice  occupywallst odd foreign flavour?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  phnm  p21occupywallst doesn fundamental u.s. concepts voting  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  wethepeople  p21occupywallst doesn core u.s. concepts representative gov  etc.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  p21from pov   occupywallst common w/  teaparty &  glennbeck types.  coidiotry  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21why  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgp
rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneedsoftheoccupiers "could ponchos  blankets  socks  heat water  food."  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet pls retweetrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersmedic team space (mylar) blankets > send ups store 118a  205 fulton st ny ny 10038    attn occupy wall street  occupywallstdone  greenjob &  occupywallstreet. tents aren "allowed" blankets is.  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy  ows  sep17  s17rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiers
“i heading  occupywallstreet afternoon ” news. thx keeping informed. press passes yet?rt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersweather nature preparing ya revolution progresses.  thx4hangingtough  occupywallstreetrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersbeautiful video thx toabout process fantastic  occupywallstreet movement. hope...rt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)rtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight...nypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)rt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtthx vnyt opinion  occupywallstreet deserves seriously press"   usdorrtrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersthx vnyt opinion  occupywallstreet deserves seriously press"   usdorcan  msm  occupywallstreet news clips mainstream press? compile. thxrtnypd actions wtf begin help media attention?  please don mace  thx :)rtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight...thx nyt telling truth abt abortion rights    prochoice  iamdrtiller  reprorightsrtrtyummy  thx  rtagain  bringing 4 pans mac & cheese tonight...rtnypd pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protesters apparent reason     thxrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiers
occupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrtwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demons..rtwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstration (nydailynews)  susansarandonrtrtoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationphys ed exercise boosts mood   nytimes.comrtrtoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationgoogle  else  falls  corporate influence altering news service boost listings money.  corporatism  occupywallstgoogle falls  corporate influence altering news service boost listings money   anonymous  occupywallst  gopwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrtrtoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrtrtoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrtgermany slams  stupid  plans boost eu rescue fund   telegraph  viaoccupywallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrtrtoccupywallstreet protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationrtwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstration  politicsrtoccupywallstreet protest celebrity boostrtwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstrationanthonybologna  occupywallstreet biggest publicity boost   people thank    :)  tonybaloneyrtwall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstration  politicswall street protests boost star power  susan sarandon demonstration  politics
rtrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hoursrtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtfilm examines challenging economics facing teachersrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........following  1staid4  teargas created byfor following  iranelection  occupywallst  info41staid4  teargas treatment pt 1 > remove clothing wash entire body soap water  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 2 > clothing pulled head cut  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 3 > helping people remove clothing  try 2 avoid touching contaminated  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 4 > eyes burning vision blurred  rinse eyes w/ plain water 10 15 mins  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 5 > wear contacts  remove them; contacts eyes  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 6 > eyeglasses wash  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas treatment pt 7/7 wash jewellery soap/water . washed removed.  info4  occupywallst1staid4  teargas go21staid4  teargas  justincase go21staid4  teargas / pepper spray...always carry wet bandana...keep plastice bag...add ice&lemonjuice & pack  occupywallst1staid4  teargas >>> panic producing calm deal  occupywallstrtlegal team indicating notice served ambiguous legally dubious.  takewallstreet  sep17n3kkid  occupywallst protesters   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  gopn3kkid  occupywallst spokesmodel   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  sgpn3kkid  occupywallst spokesgenious   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocrajoni mitchell n3kkid  occupywallst ijit   nsfw  extreme  b00bs  b0bs  nyc  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot
police brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertpolice brutality  arrests  msm blackouts     occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertoccupywallstreet imo thrust protests wall street running politics  economy. stop.rtyour lack morality disgusts me.maced innocent people  peacefully protesting  1st amendment.it lack economic justice stupid   occupywallstreetfeels perma war & censorship 1984. amazed major civil violet protests blacked out. police  occupywallstreetis associated press  ><  media blackout events taking wall st.  nyc  sept17 ?  takewallstreet  owsobama blacks stop complaining fight  ...  occupywallstreet  nomorecorruption   marijuana   legalizeit  freedoma black eye  jets 34 24 loss raidersopshadow  a99shields anthem   wakeandbake  ourwallstreet.  blackboc  blackbagged. wingit eeet   opesr  ourwallstreet  endthefed >>  occupythefed via  a99shields  blackflagmilitia  anonymousrtthe media blackout  usdor  sept17  occupywallstreet = gop media control & corporate oppression speech & democracyoccupywallstreet  police brutality  arrests  msm blackout   goo.gl/qqpo7  takebackamerica  sep17  usdor  libertyplaza  mikebloombergrtwife accused shooting ex cop husband death black eye..rtyou massive presence  occupywallstreet 1 mention twitter account  total media blackout situation?rtnypd mad? ve  police violence lifted news blackout  occupywallstreetrt"occupy wall street" trending significantly google  despite media blackout.  occupywallstreetfreedom communication lacking.why isn twitter allowing  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet trend?  communismrtplz  pics vids tweet vs media blackout   censorship  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreet   occupywallstnyc  sep17  sept17  anonrtaround world 18 tweets     cain2012  blackout  occupywallst  nepal   kerbala  beatcancer  nyad  philippe  saudirtscathing. ginia bellafante writes  occuppywallstreet "lack cohesion" & "wish pantomime progressivism"
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?happen  nypd thoroughly investigated criminal  banksters created largest transfer wealth history?rt10 celebrate banned books week york timesrtsorry person holding theaccount  hope read tweets. nypd twitterrtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtfrom friend contact inside  nypd planning mass arrests  libertysquare. plz  occupywallstreet  unionsquarertrtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreetrt.andpls support folks la protesting too. support  occupylartplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtnypd attack cameraman  drag girl street. chaos.   occupywallstreetrtthere 50+ arrested caravan  netted & maced police standing sidewalk told tort“the mainstream media arrived     occupywallstreet”be nice world watchinrtto support occupywallstreet send supplies 118a  205 fulton st. ny ny 10038 re occupy wall street   oct6  takewallstreetrtneeds people  tents  tarps  legal advice  water  food  spread message possible.  occupychi  occupywallstgreece protesters occupied national tv channel   globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  15m  ourwallstreetrtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertplease help identify "red coat"  occupywallstreet    pleasertjustin selena zoo found lost identical twinrtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreet
middle class suffering sexy budget politics coverage greece  versions?arsenal’s jack wilshere surgery arsenal stuttering start season suffered blow n...rtthis reason yall    suffering $  health  etcrtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks p...rtjets antonio cromartie suffered bruised lungs & te jeff cumberland feared torn achilles. story   nyjrtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future  coming country nearas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurethis happens evil wall street fails   suffers "1/5 nycers living poverty   tcotmednews looking soldier  home damaged   physical emotional injuries suffered wh...rtjets antonio cromartie suffered bruised lungs & te jeff cumberland feared torn achilles. story   nyjdtn usa welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future european leaders hold abstract talks ...rtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear future"as welfare collapses  greeks suffer & fear future  usa crap shootrtas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futurertas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureas welfare collapses  greeks suffer fear futureassembly speaker sheldon silver suffers unaccustomed setbacksure bosox  suffer til end.. rtred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox & rays tied heading final day

salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commishrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersoccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <lligrd> health care  safety net  (cont)rtattacking obesity epidemic figuring cause   nytimes.com   health  wellness  paleo  primalrtjust left  occupywallst   healthy peaceful crowd hundreds  sign dying  towners  heavy police presencehealth insurance costs rising sharply  study  difficult constrain costs human need. $$chocolate health baobab touted  superfood ; african fruit  tree life  marketed ...sick economy americans neglect health 48% americans skimped hea...sounds corrupt  sets doctors  pay   healthcare  reformsalty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...rtnews u.s.  health insurers seek premiumsrtoccupywallstreet propose banning corporate/monetary conflicts re public health enviro policy  owspoliticsrtthis reason yall    suffering $  health  etcrtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupierssalty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiersto save health care  crack fraud kathleen sharp week  obama administration announc...rtwe comfort station nice dry uhaul. socks  blankets  tea  water  ponchos  etc. stay healthy.  needsoftheoccupiershealth insurance costs rising sharply  study responses survey mercer  consultin...
rtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartgroup arrestee supporters reach 1 police plazaoccupywallstreet  iww "our brothers  sisters  forgotten"rtoct6 meet pikes park  occupythefed  solidarity brothers sisters front line  occupywallstreetrtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideamy brothers sisters. hearts minute.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17you dear brothers sisters change believe in.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17  usdorrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartlove brothers sisters rising finally taking stand.  solidarity  sept17  occupywallstreet  occupydallas  owsrti stand w/ courageous brothers & sisters colors protesting greed wall street.  occupywallstreetrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartlove brothers sisters rising finally taking stand.  solidarity  sept17  occupywallstreet  occupydallas  owsrtraining jersey. stay dry brothers sistersin news day brothers sisters nyc raise $750k annual raceiwilloccupy w. bros & sisters 2 spread image unity unborn kin  occupywallstreethang brothers sisters  revolution near.  occupytogether  usdor  owsrtthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanideartthank  nypd shutting wall street today. ve us. peaceful  brothers sisters.  cantshutanidea
rt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreet.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrti nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetyou correct about&not covering  occupywallstreet. badhas sunk tocowardice.rt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetsoooi realize cowardice coveringbut  realize ...i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreetnypd engage unarmed  peaceful civilians. cowardice unamerican. official apology called for.   occupywallstreetrt.i nyc 10 yrs ago help pull brothers rubble  am disgusted cowardice   occupywallstreet
rtwow. rtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2  fbrtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2rtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2rtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsmexican woman decapitated notorious drug gangrthorrifying infuriating "she newsroom manager primera hora  newspaper nuevo laredo" decapitated.rt “woman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsrtmexican blogger dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2rtrtwow. rtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing cartels   tcotrtmexican blogger dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2horrifying infuriating "she newsroom manager primera hora  newspaper nuevo laredo" decapitated.rtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2rtmexican blogger dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2rtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsrtmexican blogger dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2rtwow. rtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2  fbrtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsrtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalsrtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminals“mexican blogger dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2”rtmexican blogger dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2
rtcapitalism system government.  occupywallstreetrt1% rs gop billionaires own & control media  legislation  justice system  usdor  occupywallstreet  taxtherich  sept17theother99  occupyearth call humanity reinstated fiscal systems.  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers space close  libertyplaza store rains. bag check system suave.in europe  outrage u.s. execution troy davis  “...a stain justice system us” ~ mr. badinteryou actually... people wrong financial system & governmentsnyt ed "tampering electoral college:"  pa gopers propose changing voting system partisan advantage.rtthe demand abstract bring lobby funded system controls world inducing fear  occupywallstreetnot all. article  unbiased. yes pretty absurd system live absurd.  usdorrtafter 10 days  teabaggers pouting abt  occupywallstreet hippies protestin failed system theyve whined abt 4 years"end corporate personhood" ~ caused system law place? protest  usdor  owrrtsept17  occupywallstreet cuz bring attn corruption political system  hit hurts..$$$$aclu suit details wide abuse los angeles jail system   tcot  gop  wethepeople  teaparty  ca80 arrested  nypd arrested 80 persons protesting american financial system.  globalrevolution  ows   s21  uprtthe demand abstract bring lobby funded system controls world inducing fear  occupywallstreetwhy aren protesting 2 party system fake libertarians? happened zeal?occupywallstreet  cnn  foxrtcapitalism system government.  occupywallstreetrttheother99  occupyearth call humanity reinstated fiscal systems.  occupywallstreet  tyrannyofprofit  usdor  owspatrick bruner occupy wall street "the system (nypd) isn protecting anymore." & "system" protect you??ignore people "one demand"theres wrong system demands   usdorrtagree  trapped system..weed sociopaths  nypd feedback folks  occupywallst  occupywallstreet
occupywallst occupy wall street life poor hell    usa  newyorkoccupywallst meaning life stop stupid consumer nd protest wallstreetoccupywallst life watching movies nd protest write history justice  usairan religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  francertdrummer  self identifies tony conn... continues "i own life. free."  occupywallstreet  nottelevisedlife photographer wall street crime scene photos  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  viartnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtif girl play peter pan  ve played little indian boy life pi.baobab touted nextsuperfood african fruit fromtree life ... household name  a...rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.internet breathes life clock radio   nytimes.comrtnow scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st/douglass blvd  mn. 7 injuries  life threatening.rtupdate scaffolding onto bus 301 125th st  mn. 17 injuries  life threatening.chocolate health baobab touted  superfood ; african fruit  tree life  marketed ...photos mamma lion rescues cub falling death stunning photos shot wildlife photographer kenya ...photos mamma lion rescues cub falling death stunning photos shot wildlife photographer kenya ...rt"now scaffolding fell onto bus 301 125 st  mn. currently 7 injuries  life threatening.hello  graphic designer. feel free email artismylife702.com : )rtan excellent video documenting lifevery inspiring    occupysfrtthe abraham lincoln lifelong struggle depression   ny times articlethe abraham lincoln lifelong struggle depression   ny times article
are official  demands   occupywallstreet movement?calls presidentto send negotiators listen & act  occupywallstreet demands    nypd violencerttwitterswarm   media contact sheet call demand cover  occupywallstreet  =  p21  p2  news  lgbtrtrt1 vote remove cannabis schedule 1 drug list & decriminalizationourdemandsrtpolice encroching protesters  demanding signs  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  iwilloccupywhat demands...what want.. list wall street protest demands changes america  ....rtoccupywallstreet demand police commissioner raymond w. kelly resigns.rtevidence  policebrutality white collar police officers. demand commissioner kelly resign.   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet protesters form political party   listofdemands starting point.  freedomparty  libertysquarertwill talk ga solution finish demands soon inshallah :)  takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstreet  sept17rtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblyrtwhat  occupywallstreet  demand?explains informative video assemblythere website saying "voting" demands. actually site? pretending be?rtwashington wall street fix problem. demand  "just "?follow&for live info. read demand media coveragerthelphelp  call 1 312 744 5000  demand cpd leave  occupychicago peaceful.demands  occupywallstreet movement   takewallstreet  libertysquare  sept17  15o  globalrevolutionrtthe demand abstract bring lobby funded system controls world inducing fear  occupywallstreetrtpolice encroching protesters  demanding signs  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  iwilloccupyrtrtorganizers demanding resignation nypd police commissioner kelly & arrest som… (cont)rtvideo  occupywallstreet list demands    tcot  teaparty  usdor  takewallstreet  p2
rtfixed link "the revolution begins home letter join  occupywallstreet " arun guptalots tweets/links otherwise. eh? know?  occupywallstreet isn trending list ny.danks book marked link re; facebook read later; google track everywhere; searchs; deletesrtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestpweiskel08 photostream link again. sorry   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtcoffee drinking linked depression womenrtanother pic crowd  libertyplaza  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtabout address assembly  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  twitpic.com/6rlgzjrtiwilloccupy rtfb link organize carpool wisconsin  occupywallstreet   wiunion  wiprotestrtif nypd officer belligerently maced peaceful protesters fired  follow link.rtcould tips linking whats facebook page looprtabout address assembly  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet twitpic.com/6rlgzjla policia de usa detuvo 80 manifestantes del movimiento  occupywallstreet en wall streetto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorrtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorfor complaining msm coverage  occupywallst  links weekendnot justification helps rt"coffee drinking linked depression womenrtplz movetoammend.org  occupywallstreet link arms fightcornel west   awesome    ourwallstreet   wiunion  europeanrevolution  p2  wiprog  p2rtto join  occupywallstreet irc chat browser link   usdorthanks link. media outlets starting report  detail. nypd provoking riot.
rtoccupywallstreet   interview woman arrested yesterday  viaheadlinesstephen exec director interviewed cheryl williswe re newsrtvideoraves greening & sustainability efforts   14ygreenrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet trending today. 9/26/11 milestone timeline censorship.rtliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallst viartit nice wake sidewalks heavily lined cops.  libertypark  occupywallstreetrttherapists ‘seeing’ patients onlinert"the line articles & books getting fuzzier."reportsrtmonday announcement <>. rtjay headline concert barclays centerrtamazingly online poker site scam. imaginecan story nycacc  newyorkcity annimal control kill policy changed kill shelter;rt “judge lawsuit filed utility wake 9/11 "far fetched"  oh wellrtnypd silent pepper spraying downtown protestersawaiting info subway linestook 2/3 line 96 bklyn. 5 train w/lots delays. exited atlantic bus. wrtthank retweeted  occupywallstreet video. gone viral possibly censored. online social media ftwrtvolatile dow drops 400  <~dow below 10 000.  ?“jee thanks  rtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injury  yikesrtnyc protesters accuse nypd pepper spraying  roughing  denying food & water  vaseline ing eyeglasses  taunting
"/ smh “manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.”shit crazy rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.sad. rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.    wahi  inwood  nycsmh rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.    wahi  inwood  nycnowthis   rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.wow  rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.“manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.” < ppl this? smhrtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.    wahi  inwood  nycdamn. "manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water."«manhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.shit rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtbrooklyn louisa st. & chester ave jumper 3 floor. aided transported (cont)wild rtinsane rtgeorge washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.smh rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.rtbrooklyn louisa st. & chester ave jumper 3 floor. aided transported ...rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.: ( rtmanhattan george washington bridge female jumper doa removed water.
let hope students disobey. fliers circulating today?students  knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  study[edunews] students’ knowledge civil rights history deteriorated  studyaffirmative action bake sale students arms controversy cupcakes heating berkeley col...sound familiar? affirmative action bake sale students armsrtnyc students strike join  occupywallstreet . trust professors understand  takewallsteet  ourwallstreetaffirmative action bake sale berkeley college students armsstudents battle dallas cowboys unit sweatshop college apparel   1u  p2  4jobsaffirmative action bake sale berkeley college students arms nina mandell controversy cup...rt7 island students charged sat fraud schemert13% & students ready college careers unacceptable time  fixschoolsnyc.affirmative action bake sale berkeley college students arms   york daily newswe play w/ german students rtsteuben parade nyc german pridepersonal security available teachers & students @rtall invited  especially students hs 4 econ+finance  2 tonight 7pm  generalassembly. listening other.  takewallstreet"affirmative action bake sale uc berkeley students arms"... truth offending   tcotaffirmative action bake sale students armsrtlastly  university students  journalism especially  colleges/univ… (cont)"to seriously  clarify message"  owsoccupytogether nyu prof. sez students decipher cause  usdorrtyay  rtgreek students seize control tv channelthis beautiful. rtrtgreek students 300 university deps occupie… (cont)
rtoccupywallstreet serious violations civil rights hpn  wallstreet  nypd  freedom   protesters peaceful   sept17rtretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycpic  nypd  "freedom fence" 2011 9 24    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetiran religious people controling life.   slave. nd protest justice nd  freedom  occupywallstreet  usa  francertretweet   share   spread   vid attention     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycmuslims:"let irvine 11" warning jews freedom speech hecklers belief jewish judges w/no muslim benchobama blacks stop complaining fight  ...  occupywallstreet  nomorecorruption   marijuana   legalizeit  freedom........can front camera ...?  freedom park ? ..rtyou started glorious fire freedom soon warmth warm souls globeoccupywallstreet protesters form political party   listofdemands starting point.  freedomparty  libertysquarertrt   99%   1%      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nycrtawesome jobgood press makes happy    usdorrtthe movement alive well. gotta start starting now.  occupywallstreet  freedomfreedom communication lacking.why isn twitter allowing  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet trend?  communismrtfreedom  usa "wallstreet protesters cuffed  pepper sprayed  inequality  march   occupywallstreetrtny  paris battle freedom speech  occupywallstreet  parisnofear  acampadaparisif care  freedom check event country 9/11 occupywallst.orgrtretweet tweet   feel  99% movement /  occupywallstreet    takewallstreet  usdor  libertyplaza    nycrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrtthe time 99%    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  libetyplaza  nycrtbe active locations police busy  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdor    nyc

“holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. nypd  "wtf?"  ows”rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsmt ows arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd wtf viartholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  ows"holy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blks w/2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  wtf?  ows"rtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd  "wtf?"  owsrtrtholy s***  arloguthrie  92 yr peteseeger marched 36 blocks w/ 2 canes 2 here. crowd growing nypd   ows

rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreet?? rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us....rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetgreat article fromon reduce junk food intake (and obesity  blood pressure  cancer)rtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreetrtcan intake twitter   call (212) 607 3300i calls forto defend us.  occupywallstreet
rtkeep  thousands usa waking efforts    takeourstreetcall  economicjustice common cause workers  tea party  progressives  libertarians  greens  occupywallstreetrteverybody lost chunks  retirement derivatives speculating rich quick  occupywallstreet.great photos & re cause  too.   : )rtrt"when 500 + ppl   occupywallstreet viewed spectacle" banksters protected dc & msm“jee thanks  rtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injury  yikesiwilloccupy am sick bankers 100 millions 16% americans live below poverty levels  occupywallsteet  usdoroccupywallst   occupywallstreet  occupy wall street  chat <macrocosm> unbalanced thats government weakrtwashington wall street fix problem. demand  "just "?rtyou don cause  win   stand children starve billionaires thrive  ourwallstreeto.m.g. t.b. quotes true?? “tony bennett tells howard stern sirius xm ‘we caused 9/11?cloverfield. rtrtfalling satellite hit york  unlikely cause injuryspeculators legal break washington clueless;rtiwilloccupy bcause cant job willing hard  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtiwilloccupy wall street american dream  america.rtiwilloccupy teach  don change chance support familyrtiwilloccupy world cusp change plan help tip scales favor good...rtiwilloccupy sit watch dreams phone  instead person. cause called dibs   :prtkurt cobain aware  caused fed dave grohl briefly quit nirvana 1993.rtattacking obesity epidemic figuring cause   nytimes.com   health  wellness  paleo  primalrtanal bleeding trending government banksters screwing us.  cdnpoli  takewallstreet
rtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtthere actual  news happening  nyc pls cover  occupywallstreetrtyour grandmother aren u? ? ?    >   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetsingle mothers scapegoats britain   stuff usual katrin bennhold tribrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet ..her mother dying & cant afford carertgrandmothers getting ready riot. riot mean knit.  occupywallstreetgrodin oh baby  nice infant store day  mother holding he...rtthe nypd searching 4 mother accused abducting 8 children  w/ 1st name.   fbrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet   photo woman grandmother  numerous  arrested nypd.  owsrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford caresarah jessica parker sits worried york mothers share ... parker ple...rtarresting grandmothers?  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride (cont)rtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetgrandmothers media (communications) team   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  yeswecamprti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford care

rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin"how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin"rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begin
“it illegal arrest activists. protest democracy alive.”  occupywallstreetmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquarertmichael moore speaking activists  video   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet   ourwallstreet     libertysquaregovernment obviously us. activists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protestersrtactivists post identity nypd officer pepper sprayed  wall street  protesters union squareactivists post identity nypd officer activists name personal details ranking...rtexcited activists  occupydenver. thanksfor stopping by. rise  occupywallstreetrtfolks  happened today. enormous  nypd pressure  nonviolent activists wo… (cont)activists post identity nypd officer activists name personal details ranking...followdefence & support campaign activists arrested held remand banner dropactivists post identity nypd officersome pushing chris christie run president powerful donors activists ...breaking activists  ows monitored online  fbi &  nypd august (5th paragraph)   occupywallstreetsome pushing chris christie run president powerful donors activists ...rtattn activists  contact msm demand reporting wall st occupationoccupywallstreet activists www.joindiaspora.com protect social networking privacy. invite  know.fear repression spurs scholars activists build alternate internets   takewallstreetrtattn activists  contact msm demand reporting wall st occupationfolks  happened today. enormous  nypd pressure  nonviolent activists wo… (cont)rtactivists bring wall st. demonstration willis tower     occupychicago   anonymous  culturertit 56  activists sign declaration independence.  occupywallstreet  freedomofspeech  civildisobedience
rthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrtliberty library growing      occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetcharacters judd apatow movie grow emotionally  dont irlrtif re  occupywallstreet wish  check occupation near  movement grow last. win.rtcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2as scorn vote grows  protests surge globertmexico ban shark fishing global sanctuary movement grows    sharks  conservation  sanctuaryrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rtrtlovely mini doctalks growing 4 50   occupychi  occupywallstworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...rteverything chicago  lawyers board  cop issues movement growinghere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetchinese economy signs growth slowing (nyt)world’s data centers expected grow  surveyrthere list twitter accounts covering  usdor worldwide support.  complete growing.  occupywallstreetworld’s data centers expected grow  survey companies construct operate data centers ...irc.inydmedia.org  occupywallstreet growing growing. surprisertcome gather people  wherever roam & admit waters grown...  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  p2
web  art   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  time httpsocialmedia  business   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonlientrepreneur  health   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonlincelebrity  writer   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonlinemusic  travel   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals   cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timelowestprice lite source savoir faire floor lamp   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebargain 14k white gold 1 4 ct. alternating black   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebuy auburn tigers seal men’s ring size 12 – st   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timediscount xerox 016 1997 00 ink tank drum unit   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebest buy okidata 9 pin 120v ml321 turbo wide paral   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebest price 14k yellow gold 6 8 mm oval shaped pe   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timefor sale israeli civilian gas mask nato filter   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeoffer mens 6.5mm ‘diana design’ artisan comfort   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeordernow techni mobili winchester wood computer wo   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timediscount 2.10 cttw genuine heart shape lab created   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebest buy milano armoire jewelry box papri   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timesale 14k yellow white 2 tone gold ladies   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebestseller 3 4ct tw round brilliant diamond engage   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeon sale 14k yellow gold oval created alexandrite   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timelow price lite source polare floor lamp   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebest buy 2 ct black diamond stud earrings 14k whit   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  time



police crack  occupy wall street  protests  viartmubarak style police crackdown wall street protesters   occupywallstreet  p2  tcotrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetpolice crack  occupy wall street  protests  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrthas nfl tackling changed crackdown hits head? look tape startingrtrtrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreetrtin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.rtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protests   usdor   nypdthugsrt“powerful pics  occupywallstreet police crackdown  picsrtwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistakertaje protesters hoped  wallstreet sit  version  tahrir sq police cracked  occupywallst  mena“police crack  occupy wall street  protests york police accused of... ://t.co/n2944rxs guw  us”rtwhy  nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet mistakepolice crack  occupy wall street  protests  viaoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protests   usdor   nypdthugspolice  crackdown protestors  occupywallstreet looking  assad  syria. dictators unitingrturgent  needsoftheoccupiers media team battery powered lights cop crackdown tonight  takewallstreet  libertypark  pls retweetrtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsrtbut ease  governments. insane crackdown freedom served purpose citizens awoken. sign times.  usdorinfowars nypd crackdown  occupywallstreet.
rtconfirmed 1 chopper abc news. other?rtnypd chopper hovers  libertypark   occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet 9/26/11? surrender choppers    ? “over 7 000 guns surrendered nypd officers churches...”rtnypd chopper hovers  libertypark   occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet 9/26/11rtconfirmed 1 chopper abc news. other?rtseeing window choppers   westward hear police sirens… (cont)rtconfirmed 1 chopper abc news. other?rtconfirmed 1 chopper abc news. other?//cops?rtconfirmed 1 chopper abc news. other?nypd chopper  occupywallstreetfour  nypd choppers  occupywallstreeyrtconfirmed 1 chopper abc news. other?rtnypd chopper hovers  libertypark   occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet 9/26/11rtconfirmed 1 chopper abc news. other?chopper hovering downtown. tell news copter nypd.  observationsrtsignificant way. rtchopper hovering downtown. tell news copter nypd.  occupywallstreetnypd chopper hovers  libertypark   occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet 9/26/11rtsignificant way. rtchopper hovering downtown. tell news copter nypd.  occupywallstreetrtnypd chopper hovers  libertypark   occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet 9/26/11rtrtseeing window choppers   westward hear police sirens… (cont)rtpolice chopper overhead @  dalefarm. costs £10k hour. tell eric pickles stop wasti… (cont)

rt rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure ...bbc teletext (tv text news) finally acknowledges  occupywallstreet.rtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediafinallymade chicago news  time bank bail outs economic injustice main stream newsrtabc news finally giving  occupywallstreet coverage.  tweet  pressure mediartfinally food punditry junk food cheaperrtoccupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morningred sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day little late season magic helped bosto...the media finally  occupywallst coverage.  unfortunately coverage biased misinformation.   thanksmediaelutilitza el català en el seu titular sobre el final de les corridas catalunya“red sox 8  orioles 7 red sox rays tied heading final day  los baltimore como siempre las puertasfinally  rtwi fi  cell phone service coming manhattan subway stationsfinally news coveragethe world finally happening seriousviewers pleased  thankful   occupywallst finally coverage  obvious amount callsrtnow guys finally fucking notice ve doing week?  libertysquare  occupywallst  ows  ourwallstreetrtlove brothers sisters rising finally taking stand.  solidarity  sept17  occupywallstreet  occupydallas  owsis "arab spring" finally coming america??   occupywallstreet  russia  china  anonymous  syria  reform  wineis "arab spring" finally coming america??   occupywallstreetfinally coverage  occupywallstreet  itsabouttime  media  victory you?  cnn  fox  msnbc  cbs  news  failrtrtis "arab spring" finally coming america??   occupywallstreet
nypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetthis act gov  turhed  ukofamerica  eviltory controlled  condemned govwill " american spring "?  oilty controlled bigmedia prevent  own media   occupywallstreetwoo hoo   rtvcitory  rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  owsrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comis obama complicit controlled  dayofrage ops?   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  antibanksrtoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comoccupywallstnycjust rolled  occupywallstreet. catch livestream www.livestream.com/globalrevolution.comrtrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrt"nypd major re allowed 2 march wherever want~nets rolled up.  occupywallstreet  vote 4msnrt"nypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreet"
rtmtrt 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtrt 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtrtrt message 2 love 2 brave peaceful  occupiers propelled  day 10  occupywallstreetrtrt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtrt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtrtrt message 2 love 2 brave peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtnypd rpgs? (rocket propelled grenades).  police chief ability shoot airliner.  isn military job?rt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreet”rtrt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtrt message 2 love 2 brave peaceful  occupiers propelled  day 10  occupywallstreetrtmtrt 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtrtrt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtmtrt 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtrtrt 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtnypd rpgs? (rocket propelled grenadrtnypd rpgs? (rocket propelled grenades).  police chief ability shoot airliner.  isn military job?rtrtrt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtrtrt message 2 love 2 brave peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtnypd rpgs? (rocket propelled grenades).  police chief ability shoot airliner.  isn military job?rt message 2 love 2 brave  peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreetrtrt message 2 love 2 brave peaceful  occupiers propelled day 10  occupywallstreet
rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.rtthe worst people "things won change" & nothing.   evil triumphs.
govs don’t rule world goldman sachs trader  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   p2rtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquarertamazingly online poker site scam. imaginert.in 2010 goldman sachs bankers received $15.3 billion bonuses  feed hungry person planet.  occupywallstreetrtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet ..her mother dying & cant afford carebill max keiser gold left fort knox  segment fractional reserve currency &  ows  sept17rtgoldman sachs received $800 billion tarp   occupywallstreet $10 tarps   takewallstreet  libertysquareinvestor "the governments rule world  goldman sachs rules world"   occupyamerica  takewallstreet  usdorrtnypd cop outed pepper spraying women   media black out??weather   smile  free dental screeningsrtrtour  occupywallstreet livestream & running @  followfor accurate info   sep17rtbbc speechless trader tells truth "the collapse coming...and goldman rules world"      takewallstreetha ha   tickets  ll swap ya gold clio mantelpiece thingy? deal?rtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirtyucky... rtgoldman sachs wins dismissal lawsuit bonuses  viaourwallstreet  cdnpolirti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford caremtrt coverage  occupywallstreetrton busy news day  ny1 comes thru 4  strvd rtbrooklyn exhibit worldwide hunger   msfbreak goldman sachs petition @    occupywallstreet  democracy  icumi  justice    owsrti interviewed girl beaten cop @  occupywallstreet. mother dying & cant afford care

rtrtoccupywallstreet trending world  north america   ourwallstreet  usdor  cdnpoliamy goodman live   occupywallstreet   takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  democracynowjust reads piece foron demi lovato album  direction recent nyc show..  readlooking   occupyamericartmedia failed rely peers citizen journalist. people followretweetrtunfortunately nypd holding bad ones.rtgood nightoccupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenixrtstep  1   television  good.avlnews  occupywallstreetrtaclu ?know yr rights  2 re stopped police  immig  fbi   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtnytimes hack  nypd didn publish n212 334 0611so tell police jobrtgoodnight   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupydenver  occupytexas  occupynola  occupychi  occupyphoenix  americanfallrt"kill messenger" book examines media perpetuated evil |  occupywallstreetus senate averts government shutdown   senate averts government shutdown   goo.gl/u9y2w ~ thing?  occupywallstreet  usdorrtawesome jobgood press makes happy    usdor<bobsmith12> job occupy chicago  occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatnyt editorial "president obama’s medicare proposals:"  obama’s medicare plan starting point.[edunews] education secrets principal   run school found bureaucra...rtoccupywallstreet finally hit local news louisville ky  morning tv. & article york times & cnn morning>>> interview chris hedges <<<   please watch <<<      ourwallstreet  ows  takebackwallstreetrtocuupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ouwallstreet arrest none you. force issue. goodbye fear.  nypdrtiwilloccupy bcause cant job willing hard  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtthe footage  occupywallst awful  to_shadow  wearethe99percentrtrtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtthanks speaking truthrthip hop pioneer radio rahim "we don amplifier  amplifiers "  takewallstreet  wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtrtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtbystander adrianna assaulted police double arrest sting  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtjoin movement  everyday protesters lasalle & jacksonoccupychi  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts & coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99
meltdown   crashed world   occupywallst  takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  arrests protesters   wallstreet  bankers crashed economy  08.  usdorrtnew york police viavideos unnecessary force peaceful protestors. pay economy crashes?rtkurt cobain aware  caused fed dave grohl briefly quit nirvana 1993.plane touring mt. everest crashes nepal  killing 19  including 2 americans americans 19 peop..."sightseeing plane crashes nepal  killing 19"    gone trip 11 yrs ago..“"occupy wall street" protesters   shortly mkt crashes street beg 4 help obama boehner& godnypd care free speech  ll crash planenursing student helps deliver neighbor baby brooklyn nursing student real crash course delivering...nypd serious ? concrete jungle abuse women food $$$ crashes?  creators > destroyersrtrepublicans driving america economic crash  viaoccupywallstreet  connecttheleftrtny atty eric schneiderman "the markets didn crash paying teachers."  occupywallst  economy  secfailrttareq salahi wife decision leave journey neal schon cost her.wall st crashing elites  patriots  unitedwestand  takewallst  occupywallst  occupychicago  occupyatlit .10% crash wall st  occupywallst  takewallstreetmartha stewart busted returning call. crashed burned economy? bonuses wtf   occupywallstreetse estrella avión con 19 personas en nepal "plane 19 people board crashes nepalrtrtny ag eric schneiderman "the markets didn crash paying teachers."  occupywallst  p2  tcotrtny atty eric schneiderman "the markets didn crash paying teachers."  occupywallst  economy  secfailal jazeera crashed world (part 1)the project crashed world (via)   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
rtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartman beaten baton left gaping wound 7 hours. 4 paddywagon air/water   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartwe close 200 likes page 24 hours. 200 tomorrow morning ? occupywallstrtman beaten baton left gaping wound 7 hours. 4 paddywagon air/water   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrtman beaten baton left gaping wound 7 hours. 4 paddywagon air/water   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtlovely warm coastal weather evening  ll prep rain overnight hours.  usdor   needsoftheoccpiersrt activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viart activist tears b/c bathroom  zipties maybe 2 hours. viartprotestor "most jobs. go. 2 hours. re welcome."  occupywallstreet
patrick makau  kenya set world record sunday winning berlin  marathon   sports  athletics  berlinrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.| sport| patrick makau sets  world record  berlin     nj dc uk gb kenya dw malawi nigeria ethiopia la europe txrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.advisor news   patrick makau sets world record berlinrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights"   patrick bruner.   occupywallstreet viany times patrick makau sets world record berlin patrick makau won time 2:03:38  topping previ...rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtnews   patrick makau sets world record berlin   nytimes.com kenyan sets world record winning berlin ma...rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.patrick makau sets world record berlin patrick makau won time 2:03:38  topping record he...rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.patrick bruner occupy wall street "the system (nypd) isn protecting anymore." & "system" protect you??rtnew world  marathon record patrick makau  2:03:38 berlinrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights"   patrick bruner.   occupywallstreet via“patrick makau sets world record berlin  kenyan pride
bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards stabing. fdny 2nd alarm fire location.thingsthatpeopledothatgetmemad  calling  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet bunch hippies. march?rtmta rejects proposed bus subway ads calling enemies israel  savages   asshatsu/d  bronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing scene 2nd alarm fire." 9:21:02 amprops tofor calling mta "unrepentant crackhead funding" onherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtny mta rejects proposed bus subway ads calling enemies israel  savagesherman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistthe tie dye party  takewallstreet "protest" wearing suits calling prosecution ratings agencies rico.mta rejects ads calling israel enemies  savagessmh...rtbronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing ...herman cain  gop presidential candidate   hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrtbronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing scene 2nd alarm fire.rthey  police calling "riot." mayor bloomberg...   occupywallstreet  usdorrtbronx 2447 southern blvd. nypd calling level 1 mobilization regard stabbing scene 2nd alarm fire.herman cain  gop presidential candidate  hits morgan freeman calling tea party  racistrt/11 responder  occupyingwallstreet   calling  anons   anonymous  ourwallstreet  usdor  sept17“gop presidential candidate  hits @ morgan freeman calling  teaparty  racistrtpolice clashes  occupy wall street  protesters hundreds ... protesters calling financial re...pakistan 50 islamic scholars issue fatwa 4 jihad agnst muslims 2 stop calling "super power"  ourwallstreetrtseeing lots tweets calling main street america pull money bailout banks.  occupywallstreet
rtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetthingsthatpeopledothatgetmemad  calling  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet bunch hippies. march?rton hand wall street criminals nypd behaving thugs. hand  jesus hate hippies.rtnypd wont fuck  teaparty police protesters carrying guns.  nypd fuck  occupywallstreet  hippies  p2rtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetrtafter 10 days  teabaggers pouting abt  occupywallstreet hippies protestin failed system theyve whined abt 4 yearsrtrtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]though appear "hippies"  share concerns conservatives...  occupywallstreetrtwatching modern day hippies getting pepper sprayed & beat nypd  hilarious.it funnyrtinbred cat hates hippies   tcot  usdor  occupywallstreet  p2rtthat  filthy hippies. mess stock broker...  usdor  usdayofrage  p2   occupywallstrtrtinbred cat hates hippies   tcot  usdor  occupywallstreet  p2rtbreaking evil nyc cops spraying lethal dozes febreeze hippies    usdayofrage  p2  occupywallstrtthese poor hippies sprayed horrible water   cleanliness stings    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet twitpic.com/6pzxwf“breaking evil nyc cops spraying lethal dozes febreeze hippies    usdayofrage  p2  occupywallst” lololololrtthe media label hippies. draft statement & read it. questions. viewers decidertrtoccupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]rtthose poor cops.. contact filthy hippies.. stench doesnt days..   usdor  occupywallstreet  usdayofragenytimes gunning wall street  faulty aim  hippies  fuckinup  morphing vanity campaign. press suckslove  "occupywallstreet  jobless hippies  absolutely  :]rtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreet
rtgo sign  rtover 13 000 signatures 4 hours ban $$$ federal elections.   osw usdorkeep up. world watching. rtoccupywallstreet trending worldwhy  occupywallst bed w/ antispeech  lil  fascist thugs?  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21  sgpoccupywallst "blowins" don *us* concepts.  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  tcot  ocra  p21nypd sued times left track record lawyers   yours.rtrtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   vianyt "whatever happened american left?   left quiet  loud? [obama co opted left.]rtjournalist author chris hedges  speaking  occupywallstreet "the method left reform civil disobedience."  owsrtdozens arrested 8th day  occupy wall street  protests   cnn   takewallstreet  p2yes..oppportunist cornel west..full cat left stairs & ain spilled milk..attention getting creepbill max keiser gold left fort knox  segment fractional reserve currency &  ows  sept17rtjust left  occupywallst   healthy peaceful crowd hundreds  sign dying  towners  heavy police presencertnyc sends love  libertysquare beautiful citizens that4  globalrevolution renaissancertwhatever happened american left?  page best..reconnect w/ordinary people.yes  rtrtat  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this.lefty celebrities ridiculous |rtboycottburgerking refusing serve wall street protesters  occupywallstreet  solidarityrtperhaps shouldn stop wall street. occupy corporate media hqs nyc?   connecttheleft  p2  p2b  p21rti wantto  occupywallstreet promote  getmoneyout pls  ows  ourwallstreet  1u  ctl  p2rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouver
sexy move "turkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidairline turkish paper names  israelis  flotilla raidturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidviaturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidnytimes turkish paper names israelis flotilla raidturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidrtturkish paper names israelis flotilla raidhmm...turkish paper names israelis flotilla raid
rtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrt"occupywallstreet violence... free?   bahrain  hypocrisy  humanrightsrt"occupywallstreet violence... free?   bahrain  hypocrisy  humanrightsrt9/24/2011  occupwallstreet police brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troydavis   antisecrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachotherrtnypd po po parade   democracy   solidarity  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troyda...9/24/2011 cops kettling union square   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troy...9/24/2011  occupwallstreet police brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  ...rt9/24/2011 cops kettling union square   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troydavis   antisecrt9/24/2011  occupwallstreet police brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  ...in chechnya  rights workers afar tours duty   humanrightsdefendersrtpayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachothersee ny times   reporter  china held 4 telling secrets  revealed civil servant kept sex  slaves     humanrightsrtnseej |  bahrain  cnn  abc  nytimes  alalam  wp  news  humanrights | bahraini  holocaust bahraini security...rtoccupywallstreet  occupywallst  wethepeople  solidarity  peacefulprotest  usdor  takewallst  justice  humanrights  civilrightspayitforward    occupywallstreet  troydavis  humanrights  love  peace  helpeachothernypd po po parade   democracy   solidarity  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troydavis  antisec9/24/2011 cops kettling union square   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troydavis   antisec9/24/2011  occupwallstreet police brutality   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troydavis   antisecnypd goes postal march   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  humanrights  troydavis   antisectom morello & michael moore support  occupywallstreet bill mayer   ourwallstreet  humanrights  troydavis  antisec

rtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrt“can donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsdidn michael moore $$$? rtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetwhat train? stopped 23rd 20 minutes?rtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreet
rtwth rtvideo shortformblog   occupywallstoccupyhartford fb     occupywallstreet   occupyboston  connecticutrtfun nypd don pepper spray much.  occupywallstreet?rtarts | connecticut ‘the crucible’ hartford stage   reviewarts | connecticut ‘the crucible’ hartford stage   reviewshortformblog occupy wall street nypd pull pepper spray?   shortformblogrtfun nypd don pepper spray much.  occupywallstreet?rtpolice pen mace protestors  occupywallstreet   shortformblog   ourwallstreet  nypd  policebrutality  voicepolice pen mace protestors  occupywallstreet   shortformblog   ourwallstreet  nypd  policebrutality  voiceplease  turningpointpark today. folks please join us.please protesters  turningpointpark today. folks pleaseat  antiwar rally  hartford please rtlate day lighttoday   turningpointpark please rtcome joinrtwow rtoccupy wallstreet hartford  ctin missed  article ctnj  occupyhartford.   occupywallst  ows  p2  ctpoliticsrtdon forgetrtoccupation hartford  ct serious organizational help  please  media experts moderators      needsoftheoccupiers
rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rtno drugs alcohol  occupywallstreet. emphasizes legality protest nypd overstepped authority.rtno drugs alcohol  occupywallstreet. emphasizes legality protest nypd overstepped authority.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rtno drugs alcohol  occupywallstreet. emphasizes legality protest nypd overstepped authority.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.even former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest  takewallstreetows  cnn  cbs  nbceven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest  takewallstreetows  cnn  cbs  nbc 1even former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest  takewallstreetows  cnn  cbs  nbc 2even former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest  takewallstreetows  cnn  cbs  nbc .even former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest  takewallstreetows  cnn  cbs  nbc&even former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest  takewallstreetows  cnn  cbs  nbc ^rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.even former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.rteven former policy director @ deptsays  nypd overstepped yest. stay peaceful.
rti don understand world  fight people fight back? wrong : (rt"the seed revolution repression." woodrow wilson  occupywallstreet  civildisobediencetheother99  occupyearth call humanity reinstated fiscal systems.  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  owsnyt dotearth blog lessons fire stricken texasrtwe  occupyearth money power.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17since dearth stories wall st. protests corporate media  try daily kos    occupywallstreetdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasrtrt proud americabook review   geeks inherit earth   alexandra robbins   nytimes.comrt"the seed revolution repression." woodrow wilson  occupywallstreet  civildisobediencertwrite  occupywallstreet popular youtube video comment pagesrtthis  patriotism looks likertas dry heat spikes texas wildfire threat  somelessons australia    world fire pronert"apathy tacit approval status quo"  occupywallstreet  freedomofspeech  civildisobediencertwelcomeourwallstreet  cdnpolirtdot earth blog lessons fire stricken texasrtfood feeds  profit bleeds   antibanks  productivity  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyphoenixrtwe rent planet blinded greed.  occupyearth  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupysf  antisockffnew york city earthquake inspires  survived quake  tattoodot earth blog lessons fire stricken texas australia texas ...   climate  environmentrttheother99  occupyearth call humanity reinstated fiscal systems.  occupywallstreet  tyrannyofprofit  usdor  ows
gadverdamme  rtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net  (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)belachelijk rtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)”rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtrtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)rtde schokkende foto van michael jackson waarhet net   (is ie stijf??)
kenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. freakishrt2 hours  3 mins  38 secs. nytimes kenyan sets world record winning berlin marathonrtnews   patrick makau sets world record berlin   nytimes.com kenyan sets world record winning berlin ma...rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.rtrtkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 minutes/mile. mind blowing.reception camps kenyan somali border stop rape robbery famine victims_ unspeakable violencertkenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile    try running 4:45 mile  deadly“patrick makau sets world record berlin  kenyan pridekenyan sets world record  wins berlin marathon 2:03. sub 4:45 min/mile    try running 4:45 mile  deadlykenyan sets world record berlin marathon  rain  socks bunching shoes  makau won ...obama approval ratings low kenyans accusing born   generalstrike  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetkenyan sets world record berlin marathon accident sunday makau ran unimpeded  arms swin...kenyan sets world record berlin marathon   york timeskenyan sets  world  record  berlin  marathonkenyan sets world record berlin marathon paula radcliffe england  women world record holder  ran he..."in dreams  am kenyan" congrats   running  marathon   patrick makau sets world record berlinkenyan runner sets record boston marathon previous record holder unable finish famous race. ...2 hours  3 mins  38 secs. 4:43/mi. fast. kenyan sets world record winning berlin marathonrtkenyan patrick makau ran world record 2:03:38 berlin marathon morning. today?rtan extraordinary achievement kenyan patrick makau ran berlin marathon 2:03:38  beating geb world record  wow.[feed] wangari maathai  peace prize laureate  dies 71 dr. maathai kenyan environmentalist started...
rtcongrats man....i waitin movement shipped job overseas.  occupywallstreetrt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rttomorrow movement bigger   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement   occupywallstreetover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movement  occupywallstreetare official  demands   occupywallstreet movement?rtwikipedia lovers  help expand history movement. articleboth  teaparty &  occupywallst bogus *movements* (useful idiots sincere o/c).  tcot  gop  ocra  tlot  topprog  glennbeck  phnmrtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychirt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner   occupywallstreet movementrtthe movement continue spread message call action  ourwallstreet  occupychirt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rtif re  occupywallstreet wish  check occupation near  movement grow last. win.the zeitgeist movement response "occupy wall street"  www.occupywallst.org  sept 17th 2011  grassroot… (cont)rtover 100 nypd officers refuse support occupy wall street movementrtthe movement alive well. gotta start starting now.  occupywallstreet  freedomrt"we re seeing absolute erosion civil rights " patrick bruner  occupy wall street movement.rtwe re 600+ strong  riverfronttimes article  occupystl movement   occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  stl  missourirtthe  occupy wall street protest  real grassroots movement looks koch funding.  occupywallstreet
rtwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordrt.your little social media police stop well...  occupywallstreet  opshadowrtoccupywallstreet   arrests social media  violent protests  cops chaos.wall street protesters broadcast arrests social mediartthank retweeted  occupywallstreet video. gone viral possibly censored. online social media ftwrtwhen profit privatized & loss socialized  question motives.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  antibanks.&showed social summaryrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetshared message via ubersocialqueens overturned vehicle van wyck expressway near jamaica ave ...in politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...oh yes  aregirl power  women leading comes social networkingin politics  facebook starts pac social media companies integrating political landscape...rtyour little social media police cant stop  occupywallstreet  opshadow  ourwallstreet   un  eu  1urtgirl power  women leading comes social networkingrtessential read by. nytimes mexico social media information survivalrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreettime buy starve private banking cartels.rttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking  freedomfighters.  ourwallstreetrtrttomorrow  nydailynews  occupywallstreet cover w/ photo cop attacking ofrtrtnytimes mexico social media information & survival  < repression labelled  koreacruzrtinteresting social media campaign invalidate  occupywallstreet hashtag tweeting spam/gibberish
rtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreet"leave authority existing responsible people."   thomas jeffersonoccupywallstreetmerchants country.   thomas jefferson (part 1 quote  2 coming)rt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtmillions nypd pepper spray video slo mo   occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtmillions nypd pepper spray video slo mo   occupywallstreet   takewallstreetthomas jefferson  "every generation revolution." ours?   occupywallstrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"i believe banking institutions dangerous liberties standing armies"   t.jefferson  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtmtrttruer words wr nevr spoken  thomas jefferson dangers bankers   ourwallstreetword rt"when injustice law  rebellion duty" ~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreet"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrtmillions nypd pepper spray video slo mo   occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtmillions nypd pepper spray video slo mo   occupywallstreet   takewallstreetrtrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt"when injustice law  rebellion duty"~thomas jefferson  occupywallstreet
rtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetrtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetpennies funding circle  business lending site based london  rais...   finance  businessrtoccupywallstreet rtliberty plaza drum circle gettin  jiggyrtlibertypark  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows drum circle gathering crowd broadwayrtoccupywallstreet rtliberty plaza drum circle gettin  jiggyrtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetrtimpromptu drum circle sprang me. im surrounded dirty hippies.  takewallstreetvideo manifesto nation  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrtpawcircle  troydavis  toomuchdoubt  wlfrtservadv   suspended end.  suspended b/t w145th st & 59th st columbus circle due water main breakrtservadv   suspended end.  suspended b/t w145th st & 59th st columbus circle due water main breakrtoccupywallstreet hashtag   revolution formation | truthout  viartbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidaritylibertypark  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows drum circle gathering crowd broadwayrtrtlibertypark   ourwallstreet  ows drum circle gathering crowd broadway youtube.com/watch?v=jublfw…rtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityyespawcircle  troydavis  toomuchdoubt  wlfbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarity

rtwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordrtrtrtnoam chomsky announces solidarity  occupywallstreet   tomalabolsa  ourwallstreetrtrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  ourwallstreetrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquare  ourwallstreetrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarertnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtseems chicago police department solidarity sympathy  usdor protestors can. thankrtnypd pension bonuses threat b/c city "austerity" measures. 21% nypd officers  trouble w/ mortgages.  solidarity?rtam  "this democracy looks like" chant symphony ears?  solidarity  occupywallstreetrtthanks  takewallst  solidarity  usdorrtthe power people people power  solidarity  ows  occupywallstreetrtsolidarity rtoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet please welcome&rtrtoccupydenver  solidarity from~ police split thegeneralassembly.  owsbrother west  words thegeneral assembly  spirited & beautiful sign solidarity w/real folksrtrtmost protesters don sleep  solidarity tweeting night.  occupywallstreetrtsolidarity  anonymous  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallst  usdor  opesr  op_esr  disinfo www.nyc.ta.netcornelwest obama  love solidarity  occupywallstreet  usdoranonymousrtoct6 meet pikes park  occupythefed  solidarity brothers sisters front line  occupywallstreetrtrtrtthe power people people power  solidarity  ows  occupywallstreet"rtbeautiful drum circle happening  libertyplaza moment silence  troydavis  usdor  solidarityrtcall iraq veterans war join  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet    stopwar  veterans  solidarity

rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........rt..this movement ppl park online  age group...expect us........
rtheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.rr"brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm"rtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtheads  bklyn   rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called in. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmrtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm  brooklynwtf rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmahh nyc rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmfugitive  rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm“brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm”rtnabbed convicted murderer escaped prison  hijacked planertbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm |lmaolol niice. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmheads  dumbo. rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards.brooklyn 360 adams st   prisoner escaped supreme court. level 1 mobilziation regards.brooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmescaped jersey murderer found portugal newark  n.j. (cbsnewyork) – convicted killer jersey ha...rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pmlmao rtbrooklyn 360 adams st escaped prisoner supreme court. level 1 mobilization called regards. 3:25:36 pm
rtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please“video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor  listen warning soundvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please   takebackamerica  antibanksrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertplease "occupy nation" fb   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  ourwallstreet  occupythenation  otn  usdorrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertrtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please   fbrtimportant video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please youtu.be/zqylfp0_hs0rtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please“video "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleasertvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor please...
inviting input & suggestions mobilize mainstream  legacy  media  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  occupythemedia?pepper spraying immobilized protester saturday (part  occupywallst left  anarchist protest)rtinviting input & suggestions mobilize mainstream  legacy  media  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  occupythemedia?rtinviting input & suggestions mobilize mainstream  legacy  media  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  occupythemedia?rtrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilizertrtwow   masses mobilized. check map occupy protests   ows  globalchangertows police mobilized zucotti parkwill nypd asses cold  cutting lights  removing generators false excuse?rtrally tonight 9pm starting  libertysquare  solidarity  occupyatlanta  occupyoakland       ows mobilize
mail| police arrest  50   occupywallstreet protests amid claims aggressive tactics    ourwallstreet usdor egypt nyrtinternal nypd rift aggressive tactics peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters?       opesr  usdor  a99internal  nypd rift  aggressive  tactics  peaceful  ourwallstreet protesters?  via  giabo  opesrrtourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  listen &?  evading  opesr tactics?rtnypd... sfpd. harmed ruthless tactics speak meet rights.. threaten you?police tactics criticised  occupywallstreet continues  100gf     takewallstreet  nypdbrutalityrtthe tactics seen ignorance  slander  macing  arresting. failed epically. try tolerance  acceptance.  occupywallstreet  usdorfuckyouraymondkelly police commissioner nypd heard moving fbi this. obviously condone aggressive tactics.  expectusrtthe guardian discusses nasty  nypd tactics yesterday police crack wall street protests spread   owsrtinternal  nypd rift  aggressive  tactics  peaceful  ourwallstreet protesters? htt… (cont)new york police accused heavy handed tactics 80 protesters  occupy wall street  march arrestedrtmore footage police tactics peaceful march union square today.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  nypdrtscare tactics? short word  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  policertfascinating social movement 2  occupywallstreet getting steam  tactics evolving & nypd getting nervous  ourwallstreetus day rage   day rage horizontal mesh occupation tactics  usdor  occupywallstreetrt fatique  peaceful protesters  nypd  cia tactics..keep walking tires protesters  ows  globalrevolution  waronwallstreetrtus day rage   day rage horizontal mesh occupation tactics  usdor  occupywallstreet   rdnewsrtmore footage police tactics peaceful march union square today.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  nypdnypd using intimidation tactics arrest strategy.  alex  media team  returned  libertyplaza. note  msm.  occupywallstreetrtthe tactics seen ignorance  slander  macing  arresting. failed epically. try tolerance  acceptance.  occupywallstreet  usdorphysical harassment  false arrests  intimidation tactics. afraid  trying incite?  ourwallstreet
rtoccupywallst day  week  occupy wall st.  believe guys there.  yesterday  hope fuzz didn move in.yesys mr. tibbs/nemesisr didn guys nows peachy ovrbtonight inside look nypd counter terrorism  story neo nazi leader’s murder & interview guys behind.rtoccupywallstreet military occupy iraq occupy own city<iamnoone> free source guys protest   occupywallstreet  occupywallst occupy wall street chatrtus  democracy..eh? "occupywallstreet nypd police(toughguys)beat peaceful protesters   bahrainshouldnt guys looking 4 jobs opposed trying stop doing them? rtday 8  occupywallstreetgo em guys youare guys camping what?we spreading word guys  faith     world watchingkeep fighting fight guysi typically respect job guys  please don beating protesters. especially re trying hit you.rt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17rtat 2 guys yankees caps. biggie  yankees insignia commonly undercovers identify themselves crowds  occupywallstrtall  occupy family especially. love guys.....rtnow guys finally fucking notice ve doing week?  libertysquare  occupywallst  ows  ourwallstreetrtnypd employ surveillance dronesrtnypd employ surveillance dronesrt4 guys  waiting rest released   ourwallstreet sep17interviews mayor bloomburg mention  occupywallstreet ?  guys completely oblivious reality.rtoccupywallstreet nypd police(tough guys) beat peaceful protesters    occupywallstreet  occupywallstreet
rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtattorney  occupywallstreet  door slowly 4  takeallstreets  unity  usdor  persevere  p2 involvedrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtslowly surely  occupywallstreet getting coverage  . bad re sneering protesters.rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrt‘occupy wall street’ protest slowly spreads unitedrt‘ occupywallstreet’ protest slowly spreads united cot.ag/nn8hpw (via)rtmacroeconomic events slow... current paradigm slowly dying  occupywallstreet gaining momentum.rtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  beginrtwe distinct people world slowly begin wonder "how us?" hint  billions  usdor  begini following slowly growing =) dont time...   cdnpoli  toronto  vancouver  ourwallstreet  occupycanada
rtsleep wellrtthe footage  occupywallst awful  to_shadow  wearethe99percentrtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetrtawesome jobgood press makes happy    usdorrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  whyweoccupy  occupytogether  occupwallstreetrtmtwe transparent  hide. tuesday night | help boston brothers & sisters   takewallstreetrtclick hashtag  bro  rti don  occupywallst   securities/equities markets reform.rtobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.rtmrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston  occupybeantown  usrevolution  globalchangertrtrtthere 300+ people @  generalassembly  occupy_boston (cont)rtobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.rtnow sounds police dept. wor… (cont)rtbeautiful rthey  ve dozen people ready sleep night… (cont)rtobservations jailed journalist jailed w/gave reporter lot perspective.rtoccupyamerica  occupylasvegas  occupyatlanta  occupyaustin  occupyfdsf  occupyla  occupyportland  occupywallstreet  occupy_boston ect. joini love able  occupybangkok live  boston tanks hereoccupywallstnycrtsupport tooccupywallstr  occupy_boston  occupychi  ows  ourwallstreet  globalcamp  15mrton 1st  generalassembly 4  occupy_boston  occupybeantownwish luck     theother99rttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrttomorrow sept 28  6pm commons gazebo  2nd  generalassembly     occupy_boston  occupybeantownspreadrtoccupywallst.org/conference/ meet plans?  occupyboston  transparency
rtrtrtboycott burger king refusing feed wall st occupiers. call corp headquarters (305) 378 3000rtkeep date  needsoftheoccupiers weds paycheck & guess $150 going? love all.  owsrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   ows  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers mass mobilization supplies? call "wall street air lift" something.  occupywallstreet  teapartyrtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  energizer energi (instant chargers) water  medical supplies  (cont)rtfollowfor updates  generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiersneedsoftheoccupiers needed?rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.please  help  occupywallstreet. follow  needsoftheoccupiers activated pre paid cellphones w/ minutes   takewallstreethelp  occupywallstreet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool. ride   takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcan send milk crates storage bins kitchen? thanks  friendly  occupiers.  needsoftheoccupiershelp  needsoftheoccupiers  patriot occupiers fighting 99%    occupywallstreetcalamine lotion  cortisone  deodorant  tips  finger splints  water bottles  wound closure strips  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtrtrtplease retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride here:...“video nypd pepper spray  force wall street occupiersrtrt please retweet   needsoftheoccupiers carpool  occupywallstreet  ride   takewallstreetrtrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtoccupies flying lower manhattan  c/o. 2 support local businesses/workers/residents  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan donate truck 4 storage rain?  needsoftheoccupiers  sep17  occupywallstreetrtif lives able  people warm stay temporarily recuperate.  needsoftheoccupiers
rtwhat matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?“what matter texas?  <> plus refused debate. now.rtwhat matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?the republicans bring feudalism “what matter texas?paul krugman    matter texas? perry hard question?what matter texas?   viakrugmanrtwhat matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?    lolrtwhat matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?what matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?rtwhat matter texas?“what matter texas?  tx creeps  bottom line....
msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donnell "theshame   shame.. shame   nypd police brutality occupy  wallstreet  msnbc lawrence donn...  viaamerican police "turned peaceful protest wall street greed violent burst chaos" honest lawrence donnellrtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtnew pinac post msnbc lawrence donnell criticizes nypd cops aggressors  occupywallstreet“holy fuck.odonnell ripped nypd  policebrutality  occupywallstreet tonight  msnbc”<hamhouke> lawrence legitimate tear msnbc  maddow.   occupywallstreet  occupywallst (cont)rtlawrence donnell american police "video cameras worst enemies"   occupywallstreet  usdorrtlawrence donnell  nypd brutality  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet "troublemakers wearing badges."check video    msnbc nypd police brutality occupy wall street lawrence donn...  viabut "60 minutes (of propaganda)" tells nypd keeping safe hasn shot planes yet.pepper spray video  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet shown onthe wordrtlawrence "... pepper spray arrest users weapon. weapon video camera."  occupywallstwe help lawrence  thanks lecturemsnbc lawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’  occupywallstreet   p2  nypdthis >>absolutely owned  nypd unprovoked beatdowns  unionsquare  occupywallstreet   p2  usdorrtlawrence donnell police brutality occupy wall street   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtlawrence o’donnell rips ‘unprovoked police brutality’ ‘occupy wall street’ | raw replay  viausdor strongrtcovering  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet jackboot thug nypd protesters shooting video beatings & arrestsrtwow.. amazing  gotta re post this.o donnell word msnbc   takewallstreetrtnypd w/a crime people sworn protect.  video   mapoli  wiunion  1u
rtmtofficers overseeing "rather die  sorry  believe re this"”rtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetrtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"rtrtofficers "i die  re sorry  believe re this"  usdor  nypdrtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  chris hedges live stream "insider nyt   system afraid  dont movements this"rtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"rtofficers "i die  re sorry  believe re this"  usdor  nypdrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"rtpolice spraying defenseless women "we ve victims this". pathetic.rtrtmultiple officers "i die  re sorry  believe re this"rtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"rtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetrt> 1 officer overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"rt> 1 officer overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"rt> 1 officer overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"rtrtmult.officers overseeing us:"i die re sorry 4 believe re 2 this"rtrtmultiple officers "i die  re sorry  believe re this"rt> 1 officer overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"rtrtmultiple officers overseeing "we re sorry  believe this"  occupywallstreetrt> 1 officer overseeing "i die  re sorry  believe re this"
rt (michael moore)i am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.rtcant believe msm ignoring this. rtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrtthis. rtteaparty  nuts don  love   firstamendment    be… (cont)florida woman shot husband  buried body backyard hog pen cops florida woman charged murder this...rtcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this.fuckyouraymondkelly police commissioner nypd heard moving fbi this. obviously condone aggressive tactics.  expectus?"this powerful. this. thank involved world."~post  vibeapp  ourwallstreetrtthis. rtteaparty  nuts don  love   firstamendment    be… (cont)rtthis. rtoccupywallstreet left  new.  ows  takewallstreet  occupyvancouverrti am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.rti leave w/ this...goodnite.well paid crazy rtrti leave w/ this...goodnite.rtwow.. amazing  gotta re post this.o donnell word msnbc   takewallstreetlaying park. beautiful. occupywallstreet camping manhattan. this. reallyrtcant believe msm ignoring this. rtnbc york leading broadcast  occupywallstrti am  occupywallstreet protest now. beginning. honored this.rtcitizens  libertysquare illegal writeon $$$$ this.rtnypd choking peaceful protestor. please spread this.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows pic.twitter.com/d6ym7rsnamerica fuck yeah. support this.rtrtriding bus 50  cuffs writing this.. mass unlawful arrests  :[   occupywallstreetspin this. rtconfirmed protestors critical condition :(  occupywallstreet

rtwhy aren atleast 400 000 700 000+ unemployed  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet boggles mind. voice heardjust heard fromthat gas 4 cents  newjersey. leaving  centralnewjersey now. perfect timingrtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"rt.have heard anon? rtaccording  critical condition.fuckyouraymondkelly police commissioner nypd heard moving fbi this. obviously condone aggressive tactics.  expectusrtus hiker iran "we heard screams prisoners beaten  & help them"rt.have heard anon? rtaccording  (cont)rtlots cameras following guy around. heard ny city councilman. little late party.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetgee ya   nypd aren crap useful idiots   heard packed & headed san frannothing love forbe heard   occupywallst  occupytogether  occupydc  occupyrichmondawesome ny times article. lot heardanecdotes insights.ty cpd professional nypd. kindess won unheardrtthis movement   wethepeople heard   nypd arrest media team cant arrest idea >>if public it. heard  did. ill remove it. knowrtask bloomberg abt  nypd brutality & protester critical condition  occupywallstreet  heard  freedomofassembly?yahoo confirms heard potential buyers   nytimes.comrt“if ll wall st  )  iwilloccupy  occupywallstreet” * heard man.aiwah heard   occupywallstreeti told friends ows today. shocked heard support 100%.rtrtrther husband overheard lt. plan arrest tonight… (cont)
possibility heavy rain weekend..   :(  needsoftheoccupiersrtjust left  occupywallst   healthy peaceful crowd hundreds  sign dying  towners  heavy police presencesalty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...salty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...new york police accused heavy handed tactics 80 protesters  occupy wall street  march arrestedfyi “heavy rains causing delays airports; travelers urged check carriers”rtnyc police crack wall street protests spread    nypd heavy handed   occupywallstreet vsalty diets killing 1000 yorkers  health commish salt heavy diet killing 1000 ne...scary....they ll bring heavy shit next......=(  else chem.units there?rt brooklyn *2 alarm fire* box1248 196 4 ave heavy fire 2 floor auto shop. requesting dep water delays.perfwdbrooklyn *2 alarm fire* 76 willoughby st heavy fire 5 story 50 100 commercial building. 11:10:25 amfwdbronx *2 alarm fire* box3708  2400 johnson ave. heavy fire top floor 14 story multiple dwelling. 2 pt seri ...fwdbrooklyn *2 alarm fire* box1248 196 4 ave heavy fire 2 floor auto shop. requesting dep water delays.fwdbrooklyn *3 alarm fire* 196 4 ave heavy fire commercial building. removed building.rtnypd accused heavy handed tactics 80 protesters  occupywallstreet march arrested   takewallstreet  sept17fyi flooding/nasty weather rtheavy rains causing delays airports; travelers urged check carriersrtsome shots nypd getting heavy  arresting terribly dangerous looking  occupywallstreet folk.watch "the hollies   ain heavy  brother" youtube     occupywallstreet  occupydenver  capitol  coloradortnypd accused heavy handed tactics 80 protesters  occupywallstreet march arrested   takewallstreet  sept17rtjust left  occupywallst   healthy peaceful crowd hundreds  sign dying  towners  heavy police presence
rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtyou didnt important. cover countless tea party rallies  nbc cover? truthfully?  ourwallstreetyou 1/4 followers  rubio party message 4 important.   occupywallstreet  noh8  p2read ny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilread ny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilny daily news article  dsk claims sued civilrtimportant  legal sheet | nyc assembly     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  povertyif society education support     edreformif care  freedom check event country 9/11 occupywallst.orgrtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protests   usdor   nypdthugsrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtvery please worldwide police crack    occupywallstreet  protests   usdor   nypdthugscuts layoffs   jobs     housing slump forces cuts town company  viartimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtan video watch pepper spray cruel cowardly  nypd   atlantic   occupywallstreetrt?? message de buckminster fuller sur la vie à vivre du dissident.?   ows  usdor  revolutionrtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplys.rtnypd officers world watching. importantly  children watching.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  usdorwhy talking  occupywallstreet? football important?  patheticrtimportant  legal sheet | nyc assembly     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  p2  poverty
rtcritique  don undermine people doing wrong. scorn folks trying brave bold things.  occupywallstrtcritique  don undermine people doing wrong. scorn folks trying brave bold things.  occupywallstcritique  don undermine people doing wrong. scorn folks trying brave bold things.  occupywallstoccupywallstreet ppl looking undermine discredit  sept17 movement...don reasons pls  ty.rtin mexican crime twitter social networks undermine publicrtcritique  don undermine people doing wrong. scorn folks trying brave bold things.  occupywallstdo hospital freebies undermine breast feeding? activists giving moms free formula samples co...rtwow rtnytimes changing story protect people power & undermine  occupyhide fuck  goyim  occupywallstreet anti semite movement undermine jew control america banking political systemsrtwow rtnytimes changing story protect people power & undermine  occupyrtwow rtnytimes changing story protect people power & undermine  occupyrtnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupyrtwow rtnytimes changing story protect people power & undermine  occupyrtnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupyrtwow rtnytimes changing story protect people power & undermine  occupyrtwow rtnytimes changing story protect people power & undermine  occupyrtnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupyrtnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupyrtnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupyrtwow rtnytimes changing story protect people power & undermine  occupynytimes changing story protect people power & undermine ...
rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.nypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.nypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.nypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.rtnypd supervising cop pepper sprayed resisting woman @  occupywallstreet name bologna. justice.
rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"out  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtrtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral.  "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rt "female protestors penned maced"  occupywallstreet  ows  russia  putin  ireland  moscowrtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  occupywallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"rtout  ourwallstreet videos  viral. happen   "female protestors penned maced"
rtrtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertrtrtex wall streeters supporting  occupywallstreet protest   sept17rtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywhereus loosing respect middle east bcoz double standard policy  supporting  bahrain dictators supplying weapons. ?rtalways liked movies brother  thank supporting movement  occupywallstreetrtrtsupporting movement  occupywallstreet means actually stand a… (cont)rtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertforget herman cain. supporting  occupywallstreet.rtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertnoam chomsky speaking supporting  occupywallstreet  takebackwallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtvideos barcelona  tomalabolsa  sept17 supporting  occupywallstreet  15mrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherewish ny totoronto watching supportingrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherefirst first. please pass *collection plate* supporting  occupywallstreet rtrtrtfirst first. please pass *collection plate* supporting  occupywallstreet rtrtbig shoutout tofor supporting today.  occupyeverywherertsupporting movement  occupywallstreet means actually stand a… (cont)rtkeep faith      occupywallst  ourwallstreet aren  p2 tweeps supporting people stand?rtrtex wall streeters supporting  occupywallstreet protest   sept17

rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.occupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetrtevr notice @ leftist rallies protests  participants 2 reminded 2 violent? default violence.  occupywallstreeti wonder  takewallstreet participants supporters voted 2010?  sept17rtparticipants location estimate current crowd 600 people.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetrtsay  ows participants.  patrons tea party rallies  occupywallstreet team look audrey hepburn enthusiasts.rton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetrton 11th evening   occupywallstreet reached record participants.  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.rtoccupywallstreet participants attacked police.
rtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet   opinion   al jazeera english  viajournalism  news  p2rtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet ii media aljazeera   ows  usdorrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdoral jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorbehind scenes  occupywallstreet   opinion   al jazeera english  viartmore scenes  occupywallstreet  away? expectrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtopesr dr?id al jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdor  /v  fss34  ch34newsbot nypd commissioner ray kelly takes scenes corrections commissioner allen ault writes l...rthorrendous scenes fromdefenceless women maced penned area.rtbehind scenes  occupywallstreet   opinion   al jazeera english  viajournalism  news  p2rtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorrtal jazeera scenes  occupywallstreet   usdorhorrendous scenes fromdefenceless women maced penned area. police brutality totally uncalledhorrendous scenes fromdefenceless women maced penned area.
protesters arrested anti wall street rally   takewallstreet  libertysquare  occupywallstreetrtliterally blocks worth copcars buses lined way.  occupywallst viathis guy  >... yeah  re gonna phone rally texas legalize  marijuana ...  occupywallstprotesters arrested anti wall street rally dlvr.it/mwyyr  occupywallstreet  libertysquare  takewallstreet  antibanks"protesters arrested anti wall street rally   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  24seprally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ????? ?? ?? ??????. ??? ? ?? ??????? ?????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ???? ??????? ???????? ????? ? ????? ?????????????  ? ???????? ?????? ?????? ????????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep ??????? ?????? ????????rally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep vay qoranam es levonchike ekavrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep es uxaki sarsapum em vor patkeracnum em vor levona kara lini mer erkri naxaganrally  opposition  armenia  libertysquare 23sep levon ba asa  te vonces narkotik zenq tsaxel23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ???? ?????????? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima   ??? ?? ?????? ???? ? ????????  ??? ????? ?? ???? ?? ???????????23sep  armenia  yerevan  libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  hima  sep23 ??? ?? ???????????? ????? ??? ??????? ?????? ?????????? ?? ?????????? ?????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ????? ????????? ((( ?????? ???????? ?? ?????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally???? ?????? ??? ?????? ??? ? ??? ?????????? ??? ? ??????? ????????????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????. ??? ? ?????? ?????????. ????? ?? ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ??? ?????? ????? ? ??????? ??????? ??????????? ??????? ???? ???? ?????? ???? ??????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally????? ????? ?? ?? ??????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally? ????? ???????? ?????? ?????? ???? ????????? ?????? ???????????  ????? ???????   23sep  armenia  libertysquare  rally
rtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtman fired stray bullet killed 92 grandma own home senten..rt. china  india building 4  coal fired power plants week.rtif nypd officer belligerently maced peaceful protesters fired  follow link.rtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycrtrtfromneeds people report happened  nypd  unionsquare (cont)rtwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto nation   usdor please rtrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycbronx   shots fired weschester ave & 156 street  nypd scene   esu requested evidence search.  bronx  nycwho  nypd officer attacked girls w/ pepper spray?he fired immediately.   occupywallstreetrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycnypd iron handed response occupy wall street    fromoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsfromneeds people report happened  nypd  unionsquare march 2day  contact details  occupywallstreetrtfiredoglake live covering  occupywallstreet    call   usdor  takewallstreetyour orwant helpswith reporting?rtliveblog  occupywallstreet nypd’s crackdown protestnypd iron handed response occupy wall street  fromoccupywallstreet  owsrtwho mace wielding thug?   occupwallstreet? fired  nycwatch  occupywallstreet manifesto nation   usdor please rtvideo "manifesto nation"  occupywallstreet  usdor pleaselive blog  occupywallstreet nypd crackdown  protest  from
they grow tough home ;) rtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatdtn china australia allow women serve frontline combat move australia fourth cou...rtreport profit colleges receive lion’s share gi bill money   subsidyrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combataustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combat“australia allow women serve frontline combat  progressive week womenrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatthose aussie chicks bada$$     "australia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combataustralia allow women serve frontline combatwell standing frontlines  don negative distractions now.  occupywallstreet  usdor fighting 4 urtaustralia allow women serve frontline combatrtaustralia allow women serve frontline combat
rtal jazeera route you. sail strong   usdor  occupywallstreet (via twitter etc)rtwhy wait 2012? stand strong  join solidarity  occupywallstreet people people   spreaddawordrtrtexcessive force nypd sickening.  please stay safe stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet proud   friday :))) stay strong...reinforcements coming    sept17  takewallstreetrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtdamp day  ourwallstreet. protestors survived worse coming stronger & larger numbers.rtoccupywallstreet orange nets  fun play little game tug  war nypd  strongerrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupiersrtwe re 600+ strong  riverfronttimes article  occupystl movement   occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  stl  missourirtwhat nypd doesn understand excessive force  caught camera   occupywallstreet strongerstay strong.stay strong peaceful  occupywallstreet          theworldiswatching  parisnofear  15m  15o  sept17  takewallstreetrtfyi gaza  israeli army shoot live rounds protestors.  occupywallstreet  staystrong   handle  nypd pigs.keep  stand strong help another. canadians amongst supporterscongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakcongrats 28 days str8 strong.tnx voice afraid 2 speakrt7 days & strong  juices  teas  coffee  water. thx   needsoftheoccupierswill join crusade? strong stand me?  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rt   video 50+ strong los angeles  usdorlosa  occupywallstreet  usdor  anonymous  sept17ourwallstreet prayers  positivity  love light   stay strong  stay smart  stay safe
rtmt"if gun  rob bank  bank  rob everyone." bill maher   occupywallstreetcoming guy trolling  occupywallstreet writing bananas pearl jam  talkmadden writing yankees re market thrifty moneyball team sis richproving writing  rithmatic essential. rtreading  pa.  tops list poverty list  census nyti.ms/nn9x1qpoor writing tmi? "the morning cummins williams found hot tub homeowner"rtrtgranny writing lawyers   arm   granny peace brigade  occupywallstreetrtwow. rtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2  fbrtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2rtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2rtrtgranny writing lawyers   arm   granny peace brigade  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  hashtag suggestion  weoccupybecause  writing prompt .. <3  poet /  ourwallstreet  occupywallstrtrtriding bus 50  cuffs writing this.. mass unlawful arrests  :[   occupywallstreeti writing efforts voice. thomas paine 21st century.have numerous grammatical errors news articles plus stories waste time writing smh lovertmexican blogger dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2rtrtriding bus 50  cuffs writing this.. mass unlawful arrests  :[   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  hashtag suggestion  weoccupybecause  writing prompt .. <3  poet /  ourwallstreet  occupywallstrtrtwow. rtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing cartels   tcotrtmexican blogger dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2rtmexican blogger  dismembered  decapitated writing drug cartels   tcot  lur  p2silverfish  free  dark  literary  fiction  ebook masterful writing cpon la52l  occupywallstreet  novella  pdx
rtthe invade & win hearts minds people building roads bridges putting locals work.  occupywallstreetmy brothers sisters. hearts minute.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17rtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetour military slogan  1st harm  2nd win hearts minds. dat? scared?rtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtsong inspired courageous people egypt  occupywallstreet  usdor d.c. oct. 6  anth...“from bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn (cont)rtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreeti didn sign army  drafted. patriotism alive hearts protesters.  occupywallstreet  ows  occupy  usdorrtoccupyla tweet love. hearts huge.  shout jointhx  occupywallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetwe love heartsrtoccupyla tweet love. hearts huge.  shout jointhx  occupywallstreetrtfrom bottom hearts  thank donations   couldn  love   ourwallstreetrtoccupyla tweet love. hearts huge.  shout jointhx  occupywallstreet

7pm pershing sq sunday 9/25/11  occupyla gaoccupywallstreet  taxation w/o representationrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"today  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtplz assembly sun 9/25/11 7pm pershing square  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtplz assembly sun 9/25/11 7pm pershing square  occupyla  occupywallstreetrtplz assembly sun 9/25/11 7pm pershing square  occupyla  occupywallstreetrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"left coast coast  rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtoccupyla assembly tomorrow pershing square  7pm   occupywallstreetrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtoccupation set oct 1  please ga 7pm  pershing square  involved   la   takewallstreetrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtlos angeles plz assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreetrtlos angeles plz assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreetrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"rtplz los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreetrttoday  los angeles assembly  occupyla pershing square 7pm 9/25/11  occupywallstreet"

rtin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.rtnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetnew york times article sleeping bags  etc. allowed park.  occupywallstreetrti swallowed bieberblock excuse whencensored  wikileaks  "not current" lie explain  takewallstreet gone.woo hoo   rtvcitory  rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  owsrt police eject  occupywallst protesters  notice allowed camp "private property". viaabc7done  greenjob &  occupywallstreet. tents aren "allowed" blankets is.  takewallstreet  iwilloccupy  ows  sep17  s17rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtdavid  mayorbloomberg  nypd allowed abuse protestors arrested  occupywallstreet march.sox ace. pedro allowed collapseare forgetting westboro baptist church?? supreme allowed protest 1st amendmentquestion mark jets  defense jets   allowed 234 rushing yards   respond week ...rtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtnypd major told allowed march wherever want. nets rolled up.  occupywallstreetrtin jan 2011  u.s. told egypt protesters allowed demonstrate  sept  nypd crack protestors.the wilpons sell mets.  rtmadoff victims  trustee allowed sue mets owners $295mrtoccupywallstreet  occupychicago reached agreement allowed stay thanks calls   restoccupywallstreet police offered ponchos...they thank  allowed wear pink yellowrtpolice announced flames allowed park. reasonable  imo.rtrtnypd major told lt allowed march ...
a web tool automate internetcalls presidentto send negotiators listen & act  occupywallstreet demands    nypd violencertanonymous threatens nypd  brutality doesn’t stop  internetif internet kills middlemen  takes creativity survive...& thrive.just (via)internet shut wall street protest    occupywallstreet  sept17  owsinternet breathes life clock radio   nytimes.comit hard nyc cop kid camera internet occupywallst.orgrtdont love internet? 24h meathead  mad  dox   occupywallstreet don ppl :)rtmedia team  livestream sound issues. hang  internet   occupywallstreetrtdont love internet? 24h meathead  mad  dox   occupywallstreet don ppl :)echad un vistazola fuerza de internet. ayer  en directo  un arresto en ny twitteado en directo.15mrtthe middleman thriving internetrtanonymous threatens nypd  “if brutality doesn’t stop   internet”   moonbattrackeranonymous threatens nypd  brutality doesn’t stop  internetrtwho  brave  nypd officer cross line liberty plaza suit  occupywallstreet?  internetfamousrtarab spring  london riots ...  occupywallstreet decentralized internet.  podcast  soundcloudrtwoman decapitated notorious drug gang posting internet criminalspew media study undead newspapers  internet share broad reach  tv owns weather  traffic  breaking news.rtdont love internet? 24h meathead  mad  dox   occupywallstreet don ppl :)rtthe internets >> ladies gentlemen  brooklyn netswho  brave  nypd officer cross line liberty plaza suit  occupywallstreet?  internetfamous
weight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helpi tech guru  rtpretty personality test york times. you?weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...rtny times news?weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers helpweightloss  health weight loss guru offers golfers help  hr health updateweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers helpweight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreational variety  larry jacobs feels ar...weight loss guru offers golfers help comes recreation