rtstatement saying "i didn fight wall st  fought america  stating15 20 marines headed nyc"rtoccupywallstreet "the marines coming protect protestors"  "i didn fight wall st. fought america." army ward reillyrtmessage marine  occupywallstreet "the time ve fought country time fighting against."rtus marine  occupywallstreet   "this 2nd time fought country  1st time ve enemy..."  owsrtmarine  occupywallstreet "this 2nd time fought country  1st time ve enemy""2nd time ve fought country. 1st time ve enemy"   occupywallstrtus marine  occupywallstreet   "this 2nd time fought country  1st time ve enemy..."  owsrtus marine  occupywallstreet   "this 2nd time fought country  1st time ve enemy..."  owsrtmessage marine  occupywallstreet "the time ve fought country time fighting against."rt"i didn fight wall st. fought america. congress  turn." marines join  occupywallst protest...rtmessage marine  occupywallstreet "the time ve fought country time fighting against."rtmessage marine  occupywallstreet "the time ve fought country time fighting against."marines  occupywallst "2nd time fought country  1st time enemy" wow  99percent  zuccottiparkrtrtmarine  occupywallstreet "this 2nd time fought country  1st time ve enemy"rtoccupywallstreet 2nd time ve fought country 1st time ve enemyrtoccupywallstreet "the marines coming protect protestors"  "i didn fight wall st. fought america." army ward reilly2nd time ve fought country. time ve enemy.  ocuppywallstreetdaily kos "2nd time ve fought country. 1st time ve enemy."  occupywallstreet   occupywallstpowerful image. rt2nd time ve fought country. 1st time ve enemy.  @  occupywallstreetrtus marine  occupywallstreet   "this 2nd time fought country  1st time ve enemy..."  owsrtmarine  occupywallstreet "this 2nd time ve fought 4 country  1st time ve enemy"
rtthis disturbing editorial choice.  care explain yourself?rtfollow 6 tips selling yourself interview by(via)rtfollow 6 tips selling yourself  interview by(via)rtrtbanks $$.  creditunion & stop getting fleeced. save yourself.  p2  occupywallstreetrtherman cain occupy  protesters re rich  blame yourself   cain abel...  p2rtrt  don job  blame yourself...rtbe courageous. trust yourself. act ethically. internet. help other. overcome tyrants.  usdorrtherman cain occupy wall street protesters re rich  blame yourselfre rich  blame yourselfyou serving yourself  aren you? whine dine  joe jolene plant pay it.rtherman cain occupy wall street protesters re rich  blame yourselfrtbe courageous. trust yourself. act ethically. internet. help other. overcome tyrants.  usdor  ajstreamherman cain occupy wall street protesters re rich  blame yourself   // jerk.rtbe courageous. trust yourself. act ethically. internet. help other. overcome tyrants.  usdorherman cain occupy wall street protesters re rich  blame yourselfpls follow  twitter won follow u. ll try 2 follow tmrrw.wall street protesters re rich  blame yourself   // haha.prediction day considered "cool" s%^$ ppl yourself.   wiunion  usdor  occupywallstreetherman cain occupy wall street protesters re rich  blame yourselfrtfollow 6 tips selling yourself interview by(via)rtbe courageous. trust yourself. act ethically. internet. help other. overcome tyrants.  usdor
world briefing | asia pakistan bus carrying shiites attackedworld briefing | americas venezuela conductor killed train collision collision commuter trai...world briefing | americas brazil  court ruling halts giant amazon dam brazilian judge suspen...[nyt americas] world briefing | americas venezuela conductor killed train collisionsports briefing | baseball tigers yankees game 5 draws ratingworld briefing | europe russia agency soyuz fleet fatal defect inspections...   russia  environmentdtn china world briefing | asia pakistan bus carrying shiites attacked gunmen killed 12 shiite muslims s...world briefing | middle east bahrain 14 protesters sentenced life bahrain handed out...   egypt  cairo  jan25world briefing | asia japan whaling resumeworld briefing | asia japan whaling resumeworld briefing | americas venezuela conductor killed train collisionworld briefing | americas brazil  court ruling halts giant amazon damexcitingads  world briefing | europe hague court investigate war crimes in…excitingads  world briefing | middle east lawyer barred leaving  iran the…excitingads  world briefing | asia  pakistan bus carrying shiites attacked gunmen…excitingads  world briefing | europe  cyprus inquiry blames president explosion…nytimes world briefing | middle east iraq u.s. combat death july american soldier...   israelnytimes world briefing | middle east yemen president rivals leave governme...   israelnytimes world briefing | middle east lawyer barred leaving iran iranian lawyer tw...   israelworld briefing | asia pakistan bus carrying shiites attackedsports briefing | baseball tigers yankees game 5 draws rating tigers’ series clinching win tbs at...
nay. banksters nat sec. threats rtsomeone bankers summons disorderly conduct.  occupywallstreetrtwas finally released jail 245am w/ charges disorderly conduct blocking road. thanks trap   nypd.  occupywallstreetwow“new arrest figures police "400 500." charged disorderly conduct  minimum.  occupywallstreet”rtnew arrest figures police "400 500." charged disorderly conduct  minimum  occupywallstreet viamy half releasedthey won able hold getting disorderly s.rtmajority arrested citations disorderly conduct released  police said.rtny police majority 700 protesters arrested citations disorderly conduct released.  ef  occupywallstreetny cited protesters "disorderly conduct"? load crap. nypd lacks legitimacy & deserves contempt.  occupywallstreetrtrtnew arrest figures police "400 500." charged disorderly conduct  minimum.  occupywallstreetrtnew arrest figures police "400 500." charged disorderly conduct  minimum  occupywallstreet viartdoes nypd shooting photos/videos protests  disorderly conduct?rtny police majority 700 protesters arrested citations disorderly conduct released.  ef  occupywallstreetows notes  nypd majority 700 protesters arrested w/ citations disorderly conduct & released.  occupywallstreetmtnypd majority 700 protesters arrested brooklyn bridge citations disorderly conduct  released.  occupywallstreetrtmajority arrested citations disorderly conduct released  police said.rtny police majority 700 protesters arrested citations disorderly conduct released.  ef  occupywallstreetmajority arrested citations disorderly conduct released  police said.rtnew arrest figures police "400 500." charged disorderly conduct  minimum  occupywallstreet viartny police majority 700 protesters arrested citations disorderly conduct released.  ef  occupywallstreetrtny police majority 700 protesters arrested citations disorderly conduct released.  ef  occupywallstreetrtrtnew arrest figures police "400 500." charged disorderly conduct  minimum.  occupywallstreet
some cops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protester  via~werwinningrtows rtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo  occupywallstreet protesterrtows rtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesternbc news flashed report pics  nbc nightly run footage shortly stand“cops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtows rtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterthere one... rtrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrt"cops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protester  join  nypd ;)some cops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protester  viartcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtfacepalm rtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo  ows protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterhow dare he??? rtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo  occupywallstreet protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protester
news changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering a...a changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...a changed n.h.l. guards shots head   ahc  asianhockeynews changed n.h.l. guards shots heada changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...a changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering ...dtn usa changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering fro...a changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...a changed n.h.l. guards shots headn.h.l. roundup ducks sabres win european ice   york times   nhlrta changed n.h.l. guards shots heada changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...a changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...a changed n.h.l. guards shots heada changed n.h.l. guards shots heada changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...a changed n.h.l. guards shots heada changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...rta changed n.h.l. guards shots headchanged n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  rec...changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  re...
rtoccupywallstreet  ows rtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told sta… (cont)rtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  ows rtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told sta… (cont)rtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtnypd officer flashes peace sign photo occupy wall street protester
rthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...pls rtrtthrough fed audit found fed loaned $16 trillion banks financial institutions world.  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet attempts hide ron paul audit federal reserve guess happened?the honorable dr...re  occupywallstreet attempts hide ron paul audit federal reserve 1.5hr hearing:   htt...rthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...please rt700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet audition   int13h audition revolutiondon stop protest till fed audited.rtbernie audit fed $16 trillion loaned american & foreign banks & businesses.   occupywallstreetdtn usa city schools don’t provide physical education  audit 31 schools visited offi...rtrtnew ad fed home page "does fed audited? yes " true. ...audit questions millions fees legal bank bailout ... report released o...occupywallst  ron paul audit fed  start there.rtthrough fed audit found fed loaned $16 trillion banks financial institutions world.  occupywallstreetrtthrough fed audit found fed loaned $16 trillion banks financial institutions world.  occupywallstreetexposed audit fed $16 tril loaned @ u.s.& foreign banks&businessestyrthere link forwebsite   audit fed $16 tril...rthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril.rthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...rthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...pls. rthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...pls rthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...please rt

yes own financial crises ago  treated credit dog poo since.rthow women treated nypd  ows   occupywallstreet please this.rtrtit people treated corporations treated people.   occupywallstreet   owsrti owned biz 30 yrs created jobs treated people fairly supportrti owned biz 30 yrs created jobs treated people fairly supportrtit people treated corporations treated people.   occupywallstreet   owsrthow women treated nypd  ows   occupywallstreet please this.rthow women treated nypd  ows   occupywallstreet please this.rtupdate pilot chopper crashed east river treated minor injuriesrti owned biz 30 yrs created jobs treated people fairly supportrthow women treated nypd  ows   occupywallstreet please this.rtin missed  acquaintance mistreated nypd transgender shared statementrtrtrtit people treated corporations treated people.   occupywallstreet   owsrti owned biz 30 yrs created jobs treated people fairly supportrthow women treated nypd  ows   occupywallstreet please this.rtnypd looking mess. blue shirts confused/indifferent; white shirts angry/reactionary; treated "terrorism"rtu protesters bridge 4  occupywallstreet wer treated violently? check nypd methods  trans folksrti owned biz 30 yrs created jobs treated people fairly support"dirty stinky hippies ny dont theyre treated azz up.. "   nypd  occupywallstreetrtrthow women treated nypd  ows   occupywallstreet please this.rthow women treated nypd  ows   occupywallstreet please this.
awesome “this amazing tribute genius jobs viasteve jobs’s patentsrtmtoccupywallstreet. text (347) 260.1421 messages projected building street protesters see.rtput vaseline arms  slip outta nypd grip.  opesr  fss34rtjoin andtomorrow house select bus service coming 34th streetrtgiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsegiabo com 001 ~  opesr via&  oppulse  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  ows  msm  a99  ch34rtgiabo com 001 ~  opesr via&  oppulse  ourwallstreet  occupytogether  ows  msm  a99  ch34no fag im reason gloss meme avatar exists. >>>>   giabo  opesr  oppulsertows.rt//// b&  provocateur//// ~  opesr  giabo  ourwallstreet  a99  opshield  opshadow  msm  cnn  opchokepoint  ch34rtows.rt//// b&  provocateur//// ~  opesr  giabo  ourwallstreet  a99  opshield  opshadow  msmfss34rtows.rt//// b&  provocateur//// ~  opesr  giabo  ourwallstreet  a99  opshield  opshadowch34rt347 603 6258  occupywallstreet info phonertif peaceful revolution impossible  violent revolution inevitable.   jfkrtscott brown locks jerk votenyc fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding. 3:27:03 pm viart1974 total spent candidates congress $77m. 1982 $343m 450% increase 8 years. 2010 $1.8b (525% increase)  usdor  occupydcrtany protester cell phone  call 1 800 341 ccrb & badge  wont pee  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetoccupywallstnyc 347 603 6258  occupywallstreet info phone  occupysydney  occupytoronto (cont)jp morgan donated money june 2011  ows.an obviously true nypd coward cop james fallows reading  2134rt347 603 6258  occupywallstreet info phone
rtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtrt???????2??????????????????????????????????rtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtrtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtrtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtmthow  occupytogether  list demands   don plan 2?rtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtrtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtoccupywallst peeps decide fair fair 2012??????    teapartyrtcain obama 2012? abc/wapost poll herman cain jumped 2nd  tied w/ rick perry gop wh contenders.rtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtrtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtrtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rt[?]???????????????????????22???????rtoccupywallstreet pirate contingent. ve warnedrtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtrtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtrtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtrtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtrtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rtrtfolks la  hit streets  rtgood morning occupiers  ready day 2? :) join city hall   usdor rt
rtnypd arresting child peaceful  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest videoclear channel names pittman chief “iheartradio illustrates pandora feature versus a...rtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertgiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulsertstand   usdor  oct6 freedom plaza washington dcrtnypd arresting child peaceful  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest videooccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snappleyankees  em dump  em 2011  tell stay go...rtnypd arresting child peaceful  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest videojurus nypd memata matai pemimpin islam (1) republika.co.id  new york   harian york time  saat meraih pe...rtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapple1 pic = 1k words rtrtmadrick & joe stiglitz teach atrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertday 1  occupyalbuquerque  shoutout 600  1k people marched central ave 2 day  solidarity  occupywallstreetrtnypd arresting child peaceful  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest videort question "why  occupywallstreet ?" htw re brainstorming follow detailsrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snappleinvestment advice anglesrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertnypd arresting child peaceful  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest video
rtrtthere 15 outside midtown north precinct  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrthej  multiversal occupiers. welcome age power connectivity. nice finally meet you.  solidarity  15oct  usdoroccupywallstreet  globalrevolution arrives usa   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  15oct  15m  takewallstreet(video) occupywallstreet  globalrevolution arrives usa   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  15oct  15m  takewallstreet(video) occupywallstreet  globalrevolution arrives usa    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  15oct  15m  takewallstreet(video) occupywallstreet  globalrevolution arrives usa   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  15oct  15m  ows  otnrtcitibank charge $20 month unless carry $15 000.00 balance mo.   wtf  occupywallstreet  antibank  usdorrtff150ct  15m  event15octrtwhy easier believe 150 000 000 americans lazy 400 americans greedy?  occupywallstreet  ows  p2rtamazing day 15   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet makes usatoday coveragertstatement saying "i didn fight wall st  fought america  stating15 20 marines headed nyc"los  indignados de  takewallstreet dan las gracias al  15m español. todos juntos por una democracia real yabon dia  hui arriben les marxes bruxelles  marchabruselas  15m  walktobrusselsoccupywallstreet   o8anonymous threatens  erase nyse internet   /viaows  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  15ortbreaking news 700 arrested  occupywallstreet 8 hours. 200 update.nypd arrests 700  occupywallstreet protesters  brooklynbridge   takewallstreet  ows  15octthis list tells  needsoftheoccupiers boston  check    15oct  occupyboston  ows7 core demands  occupywallstreet movement   15oct  takewallstreet  owsto occupy washington  followandand ht  oct6   15octrtnolesvotes  15m  15o  worldrevolution  ows virtual march wallstreet wednesday support  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallst se extiende  eeuu de austin portland  boston salt lake city       15m  15o  acampadasol  9deagosto
700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job revolutions.me  int13h  ontheair700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job revolutions.me  int13h  oui people700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job revolutions.me  int13h word  outrtit takes 20 minutes shift blame   occupywallstrtmsg marketplace gambling (long term investment only) fee participation economic system  occupywallstreet700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job revolutions.me  int13h  13moon power700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job   int13h  144ooo700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job   int13h  140 special charrt*salutes* rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrtlargest identity theft ring u.s. history busted queens  111 indicted $13 million fraud700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job   int13h miraclertit takes 20 minutes shift blame   occupywallstrtty4retweeting.  join outrage pepper spray & police violence.uk  york times  bahrain court hands harsh sentences doctors protesters 16rtscott brown locks jerk voteoccupywallstreet attn 99  ~>we help spreading word<~  occupyuticany  oct13upstateny  pls  ourwallstreet  owsattn:99  ~>we help spreading word<~  occupyuticany  oct13upstateny  please  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  owsrt  occupywallstreet local tv >we help spreading word>  occupyuticany  oct13   ourwallstreet  owsevery1 help upstate ny moving  occupywallstreet>need help 2 spread word>  occupyuticany  oct13   ourwallstreetupstateny~utica~is new2 movement help 2 spread word  occupyuticany  oct13   ourwallstreet  ows pls rtbusy corner park lafaette st genessee st...by liberty bell hotel utica utica  ny thursday  october 13 5:00pm  .  ourwallstreet
rtand ty700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job   int13h  144ooo700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job   int13h  140 special charrthmm  sounds familiar   ukuncut  fm145  acabbk 1470 east york av nypd officer struck vehicle. serious injuries. blood bank needed. req esu scene.rtmtoccupywallstreet. text (347) 260.1421 messages projected building street protesters see.rthelicopter crash timeline east river helicopter crash seventh nyc river 1995warning  occupywallstreet  "do profits philanthropic foundations support."rtthe phone  nypd precinct arrested 212 788 1400.  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreetrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetrtsallie mae sold $14 billion sec assets  (gov  ie guaranteed folks default govt)rtbahrain   uk  york times bahrain court hands harsh sentences doctors protesters 16any chance $5 help fund feature doc?   occupywallstreet  sorry  don plane fare wall stsure picture hit 14th st augustwarning nypd. 99% weareasone.the brutality forgiven  forgottenrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrtthe occupy wall street journal indesign expert help location (west 14th st) asap  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 5...rt“15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdor”rtjarring stat thiscolumn yanks owe rod $143 million 2017 (when ll 42)rtrtbanks $$.  creditunion & stop getting fleeced. save yourself.  p2  occupywallstreet
rtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyoccupywall st.today september 30t photos 12160wall street protests zombie photo 12160rtmtoccupywallstreet. text (347) 260.1421 messages projected building street protesters see.rtthe phone  nypd precinct arrested 212 788 1400.  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreetrtyou movement success classic 60s protest/revolution songs top comments saying  occupywallstreetrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetty  jan giving said; 21 dogs homeless  again; street dogs husband rescuedrtwlfrtty jan giving said;we 21 dogs homeless  again; street dogs she/ husband rescuedrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtyou movement success classic 60s protest/revolution songs top comments saying  occupywallstreetpolicestateusa  nypd internal affairs +1 (212) 741 8401 mayor bloomberg +1 (212) york +1 (212) 374 3921  occupywallstreet  usdorrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtoccupywallst  occupywallstreet call national lawyer guild nyc re arrested (212) 679 6018.socialism utopia underachiever  tcot  p2  p21  ocra  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetthere american  occupywallstreet supporters. read van jones here...  p2  p21  tcotif agreement  please rt. properly inform.   occupywallst  occupysd  occupybostonrtruling 4 courts|  | ny times|  lgbt  ssm  glbt  p2  p2b  lgbt  gay  p21|rtcontact york central booking 212 374 3838 regarding bk bridge arrests. retweet.  occupywallstreet
boxspring23.com   419 329456rthere  200 000 transport workers union votes support occupy wall streetrtglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupyknoxville  usdorrtrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.currently readingsteve jobs apple dies 56   nytimes.comrtformer apple ceo co founder steve jobs died cancer 56.   breakingnewsrtglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupyatlanta  usdorsteve jobs apple dies 56rtrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.rtthomson reuters 3 times square  york  ny 10036 6564  usdor  occupywallstreetfollowfriday(via)rtthe view partition partition  piece samantha subramaniam onso sad..steve jobs dies 56occupywallstreet  tired standing rich richer middle class crumbles     anonymousnewspaper confirms release south korean journalists china  viasouth_korea  china  journalismsteve jobs apple dies 56rtrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.nyt tribute wangari  maathai  peace prize laureatertvideo  occupydamestreet ireland today.  occupywallstreet  ows
rtwhile  occupywallstreet protesters arrested ny brooklyn bridge  demonstrations spread citiesrtpacking trip staal won packing bags join rangers sweden team announced loss in...any chance $5 help fund feature doc?   occupywallstreet  sorry  don plane fare wall strtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17virtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viartrtimmigrants own 48% n.y. businesses  viaimmigrationrtimmigrants own 48% n.y. businesses  viaimmigrationrtrt   needsofphillyoccupiers send donations pobox 1229chestnut pmb248 phila pa 19107 dropoff broad&jfk  occupyphillyrtcompassion fatigue   nytimes.comrtviachanges text blame marchers blaming nypd. phone call“city immigrants own 48% n.y. businessesnite twitterland sleep tight forget 9 11 01 fdny 343 nypd 23 papd 37 <go  48>direct result ofcongress hr 1489 return prudent bankingrtron paul supports anti wall street protests  peacefully  occupythefed friday 6pm  occupywallstreetthis link  easier people plus.google.com/102705047448419639589rtcity immigrants own 48% n.y. businessesrtthe  koch bros. money gdp 48 countries world    ows  usdor   occupywallstreetrtsunday synopsis perry problems? | york daily newsrtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17the  koch bros. money gdp 48 countries world    ows  usdor   occupywallstreetrtwilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17

rtmarine discusses wall street protest  nypd time police   ows  occupywallstreetrtstatement saying "i didn fight wall st  fought america  stating15 20 marines headed nyc"the marine veterans promised arrived   occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet "the marines coming protect protestors"  "i didn fight wall st. fought america." army ward reillyrtrtoccupywallstreet    marines coming protect protestors  | in5d alternative news | in...rtthank marines defending constitution protecting  occupywallstreet protesters  nypdi marine crush mans leg swing battonyou.. battle?rt %40nydailynews nypd%3a arrest attempted rape foiled ex marine queens http%3a%2f%2fnydn.us%2fprrcnrrti ve met marine fifteen duty marines heading protect occupation police.  occupywallstreetdid marines  hoax??????????????????????????????“occupywallstreet    marines coming protect protestorsrtformer usaf  > rt"i feel marine counterparts  occupywallstreet. 1st time enemies"rtmarine vet posted reddit saying 15 headed  occupywallstreet dress blues shield protestors.rtthe marine veterans promised arrived   occupywallstrtmessage marine  occupywallstreet "the time ve fought country time fighting against."rtabsolutely amazing clip marines protect protesters   watch   usdor  occupyamericartus marines wall street protect protesters nypdrtus marine  occupywallstreet   "this 2nd time fought country  1st time ve enemy..."  owsrtwouw  jpmorgan donating 4.6 mill  nypd      wallstreet protestors getting help marines armyrtmarine  occupywallstreet "this 2nd time fought country  1st time ve enemy"occupywallstreet    marines coming protect protestors  | in5d alternative news | in5d.com |
rtraleigh reno rhode island richmond san diego san francisco seal beach seattle south carolina south dakota tallahassee tampa tennessee  usdorrtsan francisco 49ers hand eagles loss; lions stun cowboys bengals ...rtrt??????????????????36????  rt?????dc???????????rt???????2??????????????????????????????????rtlets  occupywallstreet trending worldwide   retweet  occupychicago  occupysanfrancisco (cont)rtraleigh reno rhode island richmond san diego san francisco seal beach seattle south carolina south dakota tallahassee tampa tennessee  usdorrtrtlets  occupywallstreet trending worldwide   retweet  occupychicago  occupysanfrancisco (cont)rtlets  occupywallstreet trending worldwide   retweet  occupychicago  occupysanfrancisco demand corruption   peace  lovelets  occupywallstreet trending worldwide   retweet  occupychicago  occupysanfrancisco demand corruption   peace  loveheck  don know.  san francisco.  checkandto re streaming it.bits blog tribute  iphones gathers san francisco expresses feelings towards steve jobs.rtsee there..san francisco raided  eyes situation   occupysf  ows  sos  help  twitteroccupy wall street spreads san francisco | san francisco bay guardian   occupywallst  fuckyeahrt"st louis san francisco getting shut lawyers badly.." please confirm & help  occupywallstreetows notes california senator  candidate mayor san franciscosupports  occupysf  occupywallst  capolrt"st louis san francisco getting shut lawyers badly.." please confirm & help  occupywallstreetphillies 3  cardinals 2 francisco’s pinch hit home run boosts phillies past cardinals ben francisco  n...dtn usa oracle openworld convention engulfs san francisco oracle’s technology storing managing data i...dtn usa bits blog tribute  iphones gathers san francisco expresses feelings towa...rtplease word  police action san francisco    occupysf  occupyla  occupysantacruz  occupysanjose  occupywallstrtsan francisco raided  eyes situation   occupysf  ows  sos  help  twitter
rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?
nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\nnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...
president barack obama warren buffett rule taxes doesn measure   york daily news york daily n...rtmarine discusses wall street protest  nypd time police   ows  occupywallstreetrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyyou 2 lack sense.  nypd behaved lugs thugs  disgrace 2 officers. shame (cont)rtff150ct  15m  event15oct"we afford corporate greed corrupt politics set policies nation"rtrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdorthey lock hours effects revolution generations  occupyamerica  occupycleveland provides bleak view poverty peak  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetoccupysuny anngry students nabbed attention top university albany officials studentrtcovering march  foot handcuffs  personal account  occupywallstreet nytimes reporterrtwe streets  stopped traffick  millenium parkourwallstreet  occupychisolidarityrtnypd investigates conduct officer anthony bologna pepper spraying  occupywallstreet protesters.rtwhen left stuff  totally ok...just makes  takewallstreet look idiotic.nypd police commissioner ray kelly wall street protesters  met force  target police officerswhat occupy wall street learn tea party path raucous ... josh barro occupy wall stree...is  occupywallst look zombie takeover. mindless zombies. "free stuff. free stuff  aarrrrgggg "rtthis list tells  needsoftheoccupiers  check    (thx)  occupybostongood piece. run. “a frank bruni column chris christie’s weight oval officertalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtyup. wicked awesome. :) rtokay  official boston accent.
rtbruni christie i’d prefer fat pres. 1 who’s constantly darting closed doors makeup touchrtoccupywallst se extiende  eeuu de austin portland  boston salt lake city       15m  15o  acampadasol  9deagostortits easy protester mad everything. pretty tough innovator entrepreneur.  occupywallstreet  getajobrtthis mindblowing me.  occupywallstreet protestors using  people microphonertoccupywallstreet  ows rtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told sta… (cont)rt?the richest 400 american families own wealth pay taxes bottom 150 million americans   occupywallstreetrenovated east village music venue  pub reopen public tuesday annie reuter york (cbsnewyork) — aft...europe issue | 36 hours 36 hours krakow  poland offbeat galleries shiny restaurants sprouting ...unaired  foxnews interview "occupy wall street" protestor  viaoccupywallstreetwho doeswork for?  ows opposes?   importantquestions  needsoftheoccupiersrtreuters protests born wall street spreading   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  99percent  usdorrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtnews nyt metro desk  oct 07  2011 12:40 pm week pictures  oct. 7|aj| |video|  activists wall street      takewallstreet america tahrir uk europe jan25kanada euwall street cop probe pepper spray       egypt occupywallstreet ourwallstreet uk ny manhatten nj dc ac europedemonstrators march york police hq       egypt tahrir uk europe occupywallstreet ourwallstreet usdor dw gcc uswallstreet protests spread cities      newyork ny nyc ourwallstreet tahrir europe occupywallstreet nj dc ac laourwallstreet           usdor egypt eu london kanada dw gcc|bbc|   video wall st  protest march police     tahrir occupywallstreet ourwallstreet america ny nyc europe uk dc nj| wallstreet|  video  occupywallstreet online basics    ourwallstreet uk ny nyc america gcc tx la nj dw euoccupywallst   unions join  protests [ video]      ourwallstreet newyork oklahoma egypt chicago ny nj uk europe world
rtronpaul emotional speech    revolution   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  endthefed  endthewars  tcot  tlot  p2nader  ron paul  kucinich speak  occupywallstreet   99percent  endthefed  occupywallst  occupydc  occupythefed  owsrtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtthe brooklyn bridge protest set arrest peaceful participants instill fear movement. didntrthi  occupywallstreet  tell "fair share" is? know. tweet  objective definition?ericweinrib info w/birthdefectmake write  occupywallstreet dollarbills circulated.  ows  takewallstreet  otn  globalrevolutionrtmake write  occupywallstreet dollarbills circulated.  ows  takewallstreet  otn  globalrevolutionrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorwhere  balls handbasket?   occupythefedrtthis cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.   occupywallstreetrtthis cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.a bigger  ambitious advertising week set begin stuart elliott madison avenue claims annu...rt star tribune 1 1/2 weeks occupation   takewallstreet  occupymn  ows  ourwallstreetrthey  nyc  local refrigeration meats/dairy. locals help that? dm us.  needsoftheoccupiers?they lock hours effects revolution generations  occupyamerica  occupyrtah  yes. rtfirst ignore  laugh  fight  win   gandhi  occupywallstreetrtwe streets  stopped traffick  millenium parkourwallstreet  occupychisolidaritypeaceful protest 99%ers  hope like.rt follow back. london ukrtwill drum circle honor 10pm quiet time? white shirts forcefully shut late  tense moments.  occupywallstrtwhen left stuff  totally ok...just makes  takewallstreet look idiotic.
rtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreet
proposal create accounting standard setter private companies   york times proposal crea...rtlast tweet executives watching  occupywallstreet protests drinking champagne. aware french revolution?rtno? "substantial independent expenditures support judicial candidate threat judicial impartiality"   usdorrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtjp morgan donated 4.6 million nypd peddles foodstamps hoodoccupythehoodrtreported arrested diabetic lukemia patient. ppl 77 report waiting ambulance.rtdetained 6pm. unsure immediate medical danger amb precaution.rtthere 16 & 17 yr arrested mta bus. mom picked warmest smile  occupywallst  occupywallstreet <3rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rtnypd arresting child  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest   viartoccupywallstreet media team arrested  nypd don shown >>rtnypd mace beat protesters  occupywallstreet  viarthi  occupywallstreet  tell "fair share" is? know. tweet  objective definition?rtoccupywallstreet declaration occupation york city   occupywallstreet  sep17 // ...rtrtreporter arrested  occupywallstreet goes jail  writes story   read   owsthere time republicans senseoccupywallst  occupyuk look pic.rtnyc assembly exposed communist agenda  presstorm.com/blog/2011/10/0…  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  tcotrtwww.occupybritain.co.uk  retweet please followers  site features  99%rt.this america  doubt yours.  cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdorobama statement steve jobs..?  address  ows protests immediately.  usdorwell ain tht "egyptian activist goes  liberation square 2 washington square "  occupywallstreet  egypt
rtholy crap. rtwow. rtabout 400 arrested  police say.  occupywallstreet.rtoccupywallstreet hollywood stars idol singers listen  ipod day  rich due  captialismrt“700+ arrests.  photos >>      occupywallstreet”rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rtadvice  occupywallstreet  "why here" answer  "i  trying figure out."for hash tags  occupywallstreet & e.g.  takewallstreet germany  twitter timeline displayed hardly believe capacity problems.new york police commissioner ray kelly nypd capacity aircraft  (via)so happens overtime $$$ spent nypd bankrupts city government?  owa  occupywallstreetthe nypd nyclu announced settlement april 2008...which require followingrtows pepper spray  protester punched  occupywallstreet viartif ny times story correct  entrapment nypd.  occupywallstreetwould demographics  takewallstreetcop 780 arrests today.  nypdentrapmentrtalmost 1 000 activists arrested protesting recession    zero bankers arrested causing recessionrtkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ...   york daily newsrttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet featured top trending topic homepage.lyrics appeal fellow class warrior.plse rtrtrtthe truth apathy biggest threat movement. stand   occupywallstreeet  ourwallstreetrtwowee  media team 350 people trapped 75 arrests  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreet  globalrevolution  usdorrtthis happened saturday  occupywallstreet   usdorrtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)
rtnypd trick protesters brooklyn bridge; arrest 700  | epjrtcampaigns dependent pollsters consultants & tv times expensive rising cost lies  tyranny  & spin   usdorrtthe brooklyn bridge protest set arrest peaceful participants instill fear movement. didntrtnypd arresting child  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest   viartiphone video police brutality rallythe night stoked labor rally 2moro  occupywallstreetthere time republicans senseoccupywallst  occupyuk look pic.rtsalt lake city community solidarity front banks & fed. look normal people   usdorrttoday top stories > 700 occupy wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridge   occupywallst  owsrtadded flyer   occupythenation  occupywallstreet  otn  ows  usdor  occupywallst brooklyn bridge700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job revolutions.me  int13h  ontheair700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job revolutions.me  int13h  oui people700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job revolutions.me  int13h word  outrtback nyc looking forward  occupywallstreetrtestimated 700 total arrests related protests saturday  occcupywallst  nypd  brooklynbridgertlook ny daily news poll... awesomeglad looked   occupywallstreetrtcovering march  foot handcuffs  personal account  occupywallstreet nytimes reporterrtagree disagree message   occupywallstreet looking real deal.rtwe streets  stopped traffick  millenium parkourwallstreet  occupychisolidarityrtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)rtwhen left stuff  totally ok...just makes  takewallstreet look idiotic.
rtdetained 6pm. unsure immediate medical danger amb precaution.rtrtfreebrad song   tcot  gopows  occuppywallstreet  ourwallstreet  bradleymanningrtif ny times story correct  entrapment nypd.  occupywallstreetcop 780 arrests today.  nypdentrapmentrtwill drum circle honor 10pm quiet time? white shirts forcefully shut late  tense moments.  occupywallstrtthe steve jobs modeled careerrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)rtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)tea party backers david charles koch illegally sold oil equipment iran ... corky siemaszko charles (l...rtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.   ...rtphoto jpmorgan chase & co donates unorecedented $4.6 million nypd?if true  explains a...funds nypd.rtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreet  theyarescaredjpmorgan donates 4 million nypd protests. scared much?  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyrt8pmet onbernie talking withabout  occupywallstreet protests.  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtwhy  occupywallstreet? banks own congress & wh. jpmorgan chase paid nypd $4.6 million "keep safe."rtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)arrested development back...kinda.rtthe $4.6 million jpmorgan chase donated nypd purchase pepper spray dose 8.2 million protesters.
rtfailing stand injustice standing it.   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet declaration occupation york city   occupywallstreet  sep17 // ...bk 1470 east york av nypd officer struck vehicle. serious injuries. blood bank needed. req esu scene.week five fantasy football rankings starting darren sproles ... sproles rock sol...rtprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ... anjali mullany occupy...rtnypd payoff?rteven jpmorgan lost 40% stock value 2011 ($90 billion)  scraped $4.6 million nypd bodyguards.rtmember cities  occupywallstreet movement 1rtmap  protest "occupy everywhere"   info4  occupywallstreetwho conjured idea allowing mere humans lead population people?  occupywallst leaders.  occupythehoodrtoccupynj  facebooknypd pizza milwaukee  wi| video|  activists wall street       occupywallstreet ourwallstreet usdayofrange ny nj dc la uk egypt usdorwall street cop probe pepper spray       egypt occupywallstreet ourwallstreet uk ny manhatten nj dc ac europewall street  protesters promise continue      egypt ourwallstreet ny nj occupywallstreet usdor uk kanada usa dc la dwwallstreet protests spread cities      newyork ny nyc ourwallstreet tahrir europe occupywallstreet nj dc ac la|rt|   occupywallstreet banks bangs      ourwallstreet takewallstreet newyorn nyc nj dc ac la tx|bbc|   video wall st  protest march police     tahrir occupywallstreet ourwallstreet america ny nyc europe uk dc njprotests coast  coast  usa    egypt ourwallstreet uk canada newyork ny nj nyc oklahoma america dc ac| wallstreet|  video  occupywallstreet online basics    ourwallstreet uk ny nyc america gcc tx la nj dw euoccupy  jail cell   wallstreet [ video]     ourwallstreet america denver chicago oklahoma california newyork nj nyc egypt
rtsalon.com scorn wall street protests?  byoccupywallstreet  usdorrtcrucial tradition martin luther king jr.   occupywallstreet protesters practiced nonviolence.the supreme court term begins tomorrowrtcantor obama economy suffer | alternet   ourwallstreetrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorthe bankers revolutionarieswho nypd protecting?  owners. ours. banksters corps  who.oh  speaking nypd  else notert awesomeoccupywallst  occupyalbany  occupybgm  occupybuffalo  occupytogether  occupyithacaman caught indiana rep philip hinkle sex scandal plans pose ...occupywallst   pirates emperorsrtrtsee images  drawings data maggie centres rogers… (cont)rtabused teen slayed cousin jealous fit shoes family ..espn permanently removes hank williams jr.  monday night football  obama hitler comparison   fbhideki irabu lost road  mlbjp  hanshin  npbsupport occupy wall st. send message. conversation begun. change inevitable.  needsoftheoccupiers“occupywallst protester rips fox interviewer bit.ly/n9y79mmt”rta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrtomg    scary. brooklyn rough?rtyou worse wall street? $16 trillion deficit pay lifetimes.  occupywallstreetrtif re trying sense  occupywallstreet  3 links hacktivism meets wall st.  by(1/2)
abused teen slayed cousin jealous fit shoes family ...rtabused teen slayed cousin jealous fit shoes family ..raped teen slays cousin sneakers troubled teen convicted butchering cousin fit jealous rag...what craniosacral therapists this? serbian cousins human magnetsraped teen slays cousin sneakers troubled teen convicted butchering cousin fit jealous rag...rtrtrip 2my little cousin kyanna  smh believe rtbrooklyn teen dies ...rtrip 2my little cousin kyanna  smh believe rtbrooklyn teen dies stab wound headraped teen slays cousin sneakers vianews  <<just ....wowabused teen slayed cousin jealous fit shoes family ...   york daily news   shoesrtabused teen slayed cousin jealous fit shoes family ..abused teen slayed cousin jealous fit shoes family ... oren yaniv troubled teen...raped teen slays cousin sneakersabused teen slayed cousin jealous fit shoes family ...abused teen slayed cousin jealous fit shoes family ... browne runaway  rape ...on street museum staffers unique fall styles>>check cousin laurenrtteen killer max sentence stabbing cousin 49 times stealing sneakersraped teen slays cousin sneakers troubled teen convicted butchering cousin fit jealous rag...rtteen killer max sentence stabbing cousin 49 times stealing sneakerscuz im boss  >_< ...lol  nah. picture cousin  . . .in memory steve jobsraped teen slays cousin sneakersrtteen killer max sentence stabbing cousin 49 times stealing sneakers
rtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsheh.  foxguardinghenhouse rtcramer "america  dexia." waving cds.rtthere people guarding tents...stand happening now.  media there.  spd there.  supporters   occupyseattlertoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpicsrtoccupy wall street day 21  nypd guarding york stock exchange   occupywallstreetpics
president barack obama warren buffett rule taxes doesn measure   york daily news york daily n...gonzalez taking millions baby   york daily news york daily newsgonzalez taking milli...rtlast tweet executives watching  occupywallstreet protests drinking champagne. aware french revolution?rtoccupywallstreet protests sparked hundreds events onrtplease read   learned mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtjp morgan donated 4.6 million nypd peddles foodstamps hoodoccupythehoodrtconsider arrest  occupywallstreet victory  protest rite passage. intended discourage. don it.rtthey sayis unorganized  feed protesters homeless  brothers sisters call bullshit  hoodrtsteady stream getting released 77th. 30 released  occupywallstreetrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtthere 16 & 17 yr arrested mta bus. mom picked warmest smile  occupywallst  occupywallstreet <3rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rtsee cops theprotesters dirty here.rthi  occupywallstreet  tell "fair share" is? know. tweet  objective definition?rtinformed comment | visiting liberty square is.gd/infwgl   juan cole  occupywallstreet //  tunesia  egypt  spain mirroredfor hash tags  occupywallstreet & e.g.  takewallstreet germany  twitter timeline displayed hardly believe capacity problems.last week  ericcantor purchased couple handguns  6 rifles & lots amo arlington va. fraid mobs?encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail .  occupywallstreetrtrtrtcnn set shop trinity  directly zuccotti park  occupwallstreet
rti leaving dc &  occupywallstreet    expect :)(planets sky diamondsrtwow. shocking  unions  occupywallstreet suddenly violent.  coincidence?ammattiliitot asettuvat wall streetin valtaajien taakse  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupyearthyli 700 pidätettiin brooklyn bridgellä eilen  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsbrooklyn bridge twiitteinä ja kuvina  occupywallstreet  occupywallstphew  simpsons  cancellation avoided cast  fox reaches season deal following salary disputert*salutes* rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrt*salutes* rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetlost memory skin   russell banks   book reviewsystem update nintendo wii hurrah comes holiday visually  game solid wii game  and...nypdrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd eve protests   occupywallstreet  ows  ajstream  opesr  oct15  a99rtrtrt  halloweenpawty  pawcircle  wlf  dogs braziil; crying help wallet pls; losing car… (cont)rt"wwii veteran. main street  wall street." amazing photo ~ via  owsrtlook   occupywallst "library." donate copy culture corruption...system update nintendo wii hurrah comes holidayrtnew  citizenradio dispatches  occupywallstreet  nypd arrest  pepper spray protesters   ows  tpot  p2world briefing | asia pakistan bus carrying shiites attackedrtdelaware denver derry florida gainesville georgia grand rapids grey eagle guam hastings college hawaii houston idaho bit.ly/nrbzss  usdor

rtoccupywallstreet protests sparked hundreds events onrtno? "substantial independent expenditures support judicial candidate threat judicial impartiality"   usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtnypd arresting child  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest   viartinformed comment | visiting liberty square is.gd/infwgl   juan cole  occupywallstreet //  tunesia  egypt  spain mirroredrtwww.occupybritain.co.uk  retweet please followers  site features  99%cabbie nypd delivered ultimatum punched  bitten passengera bigger  ambitious advertising week set begin stuart elliott madison avenue claims annu...fashionista stars fashion couture – sleek couture comfortable tempt fashion taste buds...rtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorhealth insurance costs rising sharply  study (new york times)needsoftheoccupiers. actually yoga mat. lol. prayer rug anyone??rtoccupywallstreet medics duane reade tried buy water bandages. rtrtmichael moore atwitho donnell on40 minutes ago   usdorrtex guv david paterson occupy wall street  organizedrtestimated 700 total arrests related protests saturday  occcupywallst  nypd  brooklynbridgeoctober 5th   march wall st   join virtual march    occupywallst  occupywallstnycwall street protests zombie photo 12160occupysuny anngry students nabbed attention top university albany officials studentboy’s killing  labeled hate crime  stuns town
rtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexitotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexi   anoncorpwatchrtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexi   anoncorpwatchrtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtrtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest bk bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexi
rtholy crap. rtwow. rtabout 400 arrested  police say.  occupywallstreet.president barack obama warren buffett rule taxes doesn measure   york daily news york daily n...gonzalez taking millions baby   york daily news york daily newsgonzalez taking milli...proposal create accounting standard setter private companies   york times proposal crea...free agents  secret? british version funnier   york daily news york daily news free agents  secret?...rtnypd trick protesters brooklyn bridge; arrest 700  | epjrtronpaul emotional speech    revolution   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  endthefed  endthewars  tcot  tlot  p2nader  ron paul  kucinich speak  occupywallstreet   99percent  endthefed  occupywallst  occupydc  occupythefed  owsrtmarine discusses wall street protest  nypd time police   ows  occupywallstreetrt“700+ arrests.  photos >>      occupywallstreet”rtcncr3w   message nypd   anonymous  cabincr3wmovie review |   ‘the ’ directed emilio estevez — reviewrtoccupywallstreet protests sparked hundreds events onrtcampaigns dependent pollsters consultants & tv times expensive rising cost lies  tyranny  & spin   usdorrtno? "substantial independent expenditures support judicial candidate threat judicial impartiality"   usdorrtthe brooklyn bridge protest set arrest peaceful participants instill fear movement. didntrtplease read   learned mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rtconsider arrest  occupywallstreet victory  protest rite passage. intended discourage. don it.
rtadbusters indignants marching.  occupywallstreet global?  course could. will.  usdorrtraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetrtnyc  occupywallstreet live stream marching   occupytogether  globalrevolution  usdor  takewallstreet  sept17rtraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetfeet street  rt"virtually" marching disturb wall street.  occupywallstreet  99percentmarching nypd office? share stories please  istaking donations??rtconfirmedtells 400 protesters arrested brooklyn bridge using pedestrian lane  marching vehicular lane.rtraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetnew video protesters warned arrest nypd marching brooklyn bridge  viaraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetrtrtlightning rain stop  occupywallstreet. marchingrtoccupywallstreet ditch corporate own.   > gross  ows marching nude.rtadbusters indignants marching.  occupywallstreet global?  course could. will.  usdorrt500 pilots marching wall street.... wonder nypd hit pepper spray beat too?“is patterson marching  usdor?  occupywallstreet rtgiving former gov (cont)unions join wall street protest march thousands union workers joined protesters marching downtown manhat...rtthe secret actually marching wall street  viasolidarity  occupywallstrtadbusters indignants marching.  occupywallstreet global?  course could. will.  usdorrtnew video protesters warned arrest nypd marching brooklyn bridgenew video protesters warned arrest nypd marching brooklyn bridge  viartraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreet
rtnow watch kids  misconduct law enforcement pushes snowball hill.  takewallstreet  streisandeffect  owsrtnow watch kids  misconduct law enforcement pushes snowball hill.  takewallstreet  streisandeffect  owsrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtnow watch kids  misconduct law enforcement pushes snowball hill.  takewallstreet  streisandeffect  owsrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetrtnow watch kids  misconduct law enforcement pushes snowball hill.  takewallstreet  streisandeffect  owsrtnow watch kids  misconduct law enforcement pushes snowball hill.  takewallstreet  streisandeffect  owsrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtnow watch kids  misconduct law enforcement pushes snowball hill.  takewallstreet  streisandeffect  owsrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood huff.to/nucpwr  usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtnow watch kids  misconduct law enforcement pushes snowball hill.  takewallstreet  streisandeffect  owsrtnow watch kids  misconduct law enforcement pushes snowball hill.  takewallstreet  streisandeffect  owsrtnow watch kids  misconduct law enforcement pushes snowball hill.  takewallstreet  streisandeffect  owswatching livestream w/10k aspushes arrest peaceful protesters brooklyn bridge   p2  tlot
rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rtdo attendoct 1 event. violated principles.   impersonates logo. attend own safety.  usdorrti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13bravo  hope cause grows  rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rtbless  sir  spirit  rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event.rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13nyt reviews nycb friday night performance "our" jerome robbins award event. truly thrilling nightrti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rtdo attendoct 1 event. violated principles.   impersonates logo. ...
rtanonymous hackers release alleged pepper spray nypd officer personal info  hacker news ~...
rtwe pushed towards bklyn. arrest there. meet  occupywallstreettakewallstreetrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedwe pushed towards bklyn. arrest there. meet  occupywallstreettakewallstreetrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades   pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtrtny daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrthere ny daily news reports 200 protestors pushed  nypd  occupywallstreet barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayed
rtoccupywallstreet mass arrests brooklyn bridge. news networks?rt100s protesters kettled decks brooklyn bridge. cops systematically arresting  loading nypd buses. happening.heading towards brooklyn bridge.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owstaking brooklyn bridge. walkway road.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreeton deck brooklyn bridge.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet 1. pretty wall street isn brooklyn bridge. 2. piss average person go.rtoccupywallstreet mtentrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.youtube  occupywallstreet protesters brooklyn bridge—400+ arrested  extended look arrests brooklyn bridge.what happened peacefully assemble?  occupywallstreet bridge ... people walk bridge.rtrarrests begun. cops protesters bridge.  occupywallstreet  brooklynbridge"rtnypd blocked bridge. re stuck  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtlooks people rising status quo. protestors  occupywallst reach  brooklyn bridge.  americanspringvideo proof nypd lead  occupywallstreet main bridge. don deceived  please truth known.rti witnessed arrest bridge.  nypd attempted arrest taking photo    occupywallstreetrto haiyou re live twitter & news arresting hundreds peaceful protesters brooklyn bridge. world watchingrtnypd >500 people arrested brooklyn bridge.   occupywallstreet  owsrtcall millionaire bloomberg 212 788 1400 tell nypd kettling protesters brooklyn bridge. (+1 cc)«rtnypd >500 people arrested brooklyn bridge.   occupywallstreet»“better shot entrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.  < wow.rtunbeleivable arrests brooklyn bridge. nyc despicable example free arertunbeleivable arrests brooklyn bridge. arresting people simply standing there. despicable
“occupywallstreetuphoto bridge?   nypd officers plz wake  don defend ya enemy400 protesters arrested? serious? walking brooklyn bridge? nypd.  occupywallstreetrtmtdoes information name 12yo girl arrested brooklyn bridge?  ...were brooklyn bridge? there? share pics/videos  ajstream  ows  occupy  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstan ambulance public bridge?  youneedtoshutup  coopthashtagsnow  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp mwho footage police guiding protestors brooklyn bridge?????rtoccupywallstreetuphoto bridge?rtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtnypd nytimes rewrite article aboutarrests  brooklyn bridge?  occupywallstpublic structures public. bridge? bridge. paid it. built  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetis true nypd forced people onto bridge  blocked moving  arrested bridge?rtwhy  occupywallstreet protest bklyn bridge???rttaxpayers drive bridge? rtwho paying  nypd arrest peaceful protestors?rtis twitter erasing tweets  brooklynbridge? seemsrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstpb: occupy wall street – arrested brooklyn bridge?  occupywallst  occupytogetherwhy protestors lead nypd brooklyn bridge? highly unjust easy kettle...no?  bless them.
rt“700+ arrests.  photos >>      occupywallstreet”occupywallstreet  protesters brooklyn bridge   700+ arrested   stopthemach2011  takebackamerica  usdor  anticorpnyt nypd arrests 700+  occupywallstreet protesters brooklyn bridge  "planned move protesters."day summary  sat  10/1/11 nypd arrested 700+ occupy wall street protesters brooklyn bridge  giving protesters publicity bonanza.rthey  nypd  1 lawful  peaceful protester arrest  3 streets  occupy. 700+ detainees = 2100 anonsrthey  nypd  1 lawful  peaceful protester arrest  3 streets  occupy. 700+ detainees = 2100 anonsrtnumber bankers arrested tanking economy 0. people arrested protesting 700+.  occupywallstreethey  nypd  1 lawful  peaceful protester arrest  3 streets  occupy. 700+ detainees = 2100 anonsrtupdate 700+ arrested nyc shutting traffic brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet protestcould arrests source revenue nyc?  money court costs fines 700+ arrests bringing in?rthey  nypd  1 lawful  peaceful protester arrest  3 streets  occupy. 700+ detainees = 2100 anonsrthey  nypd  1 lawful  peaceful protester arrest  3 streets  occupy. 700+ detainees = 2100 anonsrthey  nypd  1 lawful  peaceful protester arrest  3 streets  occupy. 700+ detainees = 2100 anonsrespects commandante. words  occupywallstreet? 700+ arrested today. details. solidarityrtfunny  occupywallstreet hundred protesters 700+ arrested...somebody bad math...rti thank nypd themovement succeeds beyond wildest dreams (700+ arrested).rt700+ arrests.  photos >>      occupywallstreetrt700+ arrests.  photos >>      occupywallstreetrt700+ wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridgereports.rtrtupdate 700+ arrested nyc shutting traffic bk bridge  occupywallst protest > salute u. stand strongneedsoftheoccupiers clue. 700+ them.  tcot
rthelicopter crashes nyc east river; nypd divers rescue survivors  missinghelicopter crashes east river helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...helicopter crashes east river helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...helicopter crashes nyc east river; 1 dead nypd helicopter five people aboard c...   usa  newshelicopter crashes nyc east river; nypd divers rescue survivors  missing  police divers searching the...rtrtfour rescued  missing helicopter crashes east riverhelicopter crashes east river helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...tourist helicopter crashes nyc east river; nypd divers rescue four; dead   aviation  tourism  riskholy moly.  rthelicopter crashes east riverrtfour rescued  missing helicopter crashes east riverfreaking online run bank america ... website crashes ... cash   occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreethelicopter crashes nyc east river; 1 dead nypd helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...becauseofsprintsiphone rthelicopter crashes east river   newyorkcityrtfour rescued  missing helicopter crashes east riverrthelicopter crashes east river  viartvideo rescue underway helicopter crashes nyc east river   cbs localhooray rtupdate 4 people rescued helicopter crashes york city east rivercbsny helicopter crashes east river. watch live video rescue efforts cbsnewyork.com. tune 1010...helicopter crashes nyc’s east river; nypd divers rescue four; dead.  ujum.helicopter crashes nyc’s east river; nypd divers rescue four; dead.  ujum.helicopter crashes nyc east river; nypd divers rescue survivors  missing
the crashed world    occupywallstreet  globalchange  globalrevolutionrta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videortkindly remind nypd lost jobs  pensions  & pay cuts wall st. crashed economy.  occupywallstreetthe crashed world   meltdown pt1   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  october6  antibanks  antiwaru/d 5th victim crashed helicopter found removed water nypd.rtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viai am pretty time choppers crashed water 1 week..rtupdate helicopter crashed east river privately owned  apparently trying land helipad e. 34th stthe crashed world greed & recklessness led financial collapsertudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd via“udate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd (cont)rta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videohelicopter crashes east river helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...helicopter crashes east river helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...rtupdate helicopter crashed east river privately owned  apparently trying land helipad e. 34th strtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartupdated woman killed helicopter crashed east river  nycthe passengers helicopter crashed east river  tourists u.k.rtupdate helicopter 5 people aboard crashed york city east riverrtupdate pilot chopper crashed east river treated minor injuries
rtwe streets  stopped traffick  millenium parkourwallstreet  occupychisolidarityrtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetwatch  nypd stops traffic  escortsonto bridge  stops  pens arrests them. entrapmentrtwe streets  stopped traffick  millenium parkourwallstreet  occupychisolidaritychaos blocking traffic peaceful protest  grip. tortnypd lured protesters onto bridge  arrested blocking trafficsend universal message. hate traffic.hey nypd lucky  occupywallst peaceful protest. imagine people lead traffic  penned rioted.rtdid traffic jam coverage  occupywallstreet? real journalists nyc anymore?watch  nypd stops traffic  escortsonto bridge  stops  pens arrests them. entrapmentrtso  nypd violently arrested 700 peaceful people & closed traffic hrs 2 help "100 stranded cars"?rtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreeti don understand country.. 9/11 happens & loves nypd  block traffic bridge hate nypd  blametheorganizerrtthe charges received  occupywallstreet failure obey  prohibited roadway  blocking trafficrtso  nypd violently arrested 700 peaceful people & closed traffic hrs 2 help "100 stranded cars"?rtwhen learn? horses don belong nyc traffic  horse drawn carriage hit taxi cab  4 people & horse injuredwhy march brooklyn bridge hindering traffic emergency vehicles??? idea that??? bad idea.yes  support  stopping traffic 3 hrs brooklyn bridge emergency vehicles cross it? bad ideartupdate 700+ arrested nyc shutting traffic brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet protestnot buying  nypd responsible protesters block traffic narrow bridge   nopertpolice helping  occupynola closing streets directing traffic. beautiful see.
rtrtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrtrtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrt“arrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweet”perspective rtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweet“arrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweet”  yeshua ghandi mlk etc.rtrtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrtrtrtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrtrtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrtrtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrtrtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrt««arrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweet»»this crazy...rtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrtrtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrtjust tell donate people.  ows  ourwallstreet  occupywalllstreet  occupywallst  takewallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrt““arrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweet””rtthis crazy...rtarrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweetrt««arrests walll street. pepper spraying  ows  occupywallstreet remain peaceful. retweet»»
rtany nypd officer arrests peaceful protesters guilty treason thanks 2 jpmorgan bribe 2 paychecks streetrtrapper jim jones pleads guilty driving suspended license nycgriffin neal  son actor ryan neal  pleads guilty drug gun ... nancy d...wow rtwoman found guilty murder ex cop husband.rtrapper jim jones pleads guilty driving suspended license nycrapper jim jones pleads guilty driving charge harlem rapper jim jones pleaded guilty thursday driving hi...amanda knox verdict meredith kercher family stunned overturn guilty ... meredith kercher family said...rtrtrapper jim jones pleads guilty driving suspended license nycrapper jim jones pleads guilty driving suspended license nyc "pop champagne" hip hop star paid a...rapper jim jones pleads guilty driving suspended license nycnypd guilty treating wall st war st? arrested 500  occupy wallstreet protesters?rtrtdon worry daily mail fans  grab "amanda knox guilty" story future referen… (cont)rapper jim jones pleads guilty driving suspended license nyc   york daily newsrtnader warned co opting  guilty co opting "occupy" brand realwoman shot cop husband 11 times guns shaving found guilty.  | murderrapper jim jones pleads guilty driving charge "pop champagne" hip hop star paid $200 fine $80 ...rapper jim jones pleads guilty driving chargerapper jim jones pleads guilty driving suspended license nyc "pop champagne" hip hop star paid a...*cartwheels   * “woman found guilty murder ex cop husband.rtwichita people nypd guilty treason’s government 99%....   usrevolutionbarbara sheehan  guilty  alternate juror jurors deliberating fate hubby killer barbara sheeh...
rtrtthere 15 outside midtown north precinct  occupywallst  occupywallstreetnypd manhattan precincts 1 23 citywide 1 3 live scanner audio feed  viaourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe phone  nypd precinct arrested 212 788 1400.  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreetrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrteveryone ok precinct?rtrtthere 15 outside midtown north precinct  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 5...rthere site 77th precinct. call    occupywallstreet  nyc  nypdrt“15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdor”heard 79th precinct   bbridge  bkyn jurisdiction. bkln central booking worst place.rtoccupywallstreet go. hours police bus. ppl handcuffed buses. trying space precinctsrtoccupywallst "people held @ 77th precinct denied food & water" call 718 735 0611  99percentrtwe hearing reports  occupywallstreet ers 1st precinct 1 pol… (cont)rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet15 boy & 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdor money=resultslieutenant brian connolly 9th precinct nypd. hitting  people vidrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrtis 2 77th precinct now. ll live tweeting there.  occupywallstreetrt"arresteds"? "are at"? hulk ny times?  rtprecincts  occupywallstreet arresteds at...this  >> rtpeople mic 1st precinct. course action.  occupywallstreet
parade marchers extends city hall  libertyplaza  occupywallstret  stopthemach2011  antibank  anticorp  occupyamerica  usdormarchers pushing barricades streets.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmarchers chant  "what history on?" cops.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtfreedom plaza marchers joined ga mcpherson park.  occupydcrtviachanges text blame marchers blaming nypd. phone callmore reports nypd deliberately mislead marchers onto road  trapped arrested them.  ows  occupywallstreetcoparazzi please follow marchers broadway liberty park. eye nypd ensure funny business  occupywallstreetrt1000s arrested  occupywallstreet nypd reportedly punched  threw  stepped peacful marchers. taste own medicine  americartalabama nypd arrests child nypd hundreds arrests marchers brooklyn bridge  inc...   usrevolutionrtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.rtmarchers returning  :libertyplaza immense applause. welcome home   occupywallstreetrthad 150 marchers 1st ga+philly pd blocked roads  hell yes hometown   occupywallstreet?taxpayer paid home  rtmarchers returning  :libertyplaza immense applause. welcome home   occupywallstreet.it time look actions nypd peaceful  occupywallstreet marchers.“police explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.”  many?rtmarchers returning  :libertyplaza immense applause. welcome home   occupywallstreet““occupywallstreet marchers claimed bklyn bound car lanes bklyn bridge. (cont)r serious? rtwhite buses  possibly correction dept drove bridge marchers held  occupywallstreetrt...*cough* rtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.rtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.rtmarchers flowing flowing in.   sept17  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet   vibeapp
is weird actually this?   jeter  arod  minka  cameron bring kate hudsonrtkeith olbermann covers occupy wall street protests media blackout voccupywallstreet   occupy  ows p2rthow terrorists recruited –  libyan  children killed  nato bombs   obama  cameron  sarcozy  uk  eu   usdormichael douglas jailed son testifies drug formerly smack addled cameron douglas emerged star pr...rttoday 35 000 protest uk cameron cuts  <> 35 000   occupywallstreet <>  uk  <>   tcot  wiunion  takewallstreetrthow terrorists recruited –  libyan  children killed  nato bombs   obama  cameron  sarcozy  uk  eu   usdorrthow terrorists recruited –  libyan  children killed  nato bombs   obama  cameron  sarcozy  uk  eu   usdorkeith olbermann covers occupy wall street protests media blackout voccupywallstreet   occupy  ows p2rtnew hashtag idea  thingsoccupiershate    jews  rep. john lewis  nypd cars  smithsonian guards  & bathing   am missing?sorry retweet. trying signal boost. followrthow terrorists recruited –  libyan  children killed  nato bombs   obama  cameron  sarcozy  uk  eu   usdorrthow terrorists recruited –  libyan  children killed  nato bombs   obama  cameron  sarcozy  uk  eu   usdorrt63000  libyans killed  nato bombing   nuremberg trials  obama  cameron  sarkozy  usdoruse  other47  ourwallstreet pay fair sharert"run life tells money evil.that sentence lepers bell approaching looter"  takewallstreetrtnato  terrorist  rebels presecution  black people south  libya   ows  obama  cameron  usdor  uk  eu   hrwrthow terrorists recruited –  libyan  children killed  nato bombs   obama  cameron  sarcozy  uk  eu   usdorrthow terrorists recruited –  libyan  children killed  nato bombs   obama  cameron  sarcozy  uk  eu   usdorrthow terrorists recruited –  libyan  children killed  nato bombs   obama  cameron  sarcozy  uk  eu   usdorrthow terrorists recruited –  libyan  children killed  nato bombs   obama  cameron  sarcozy  uk  eu   usdorrthow terrorists recruited –  libyan  children killed  nato bombs   obama  cameron  sarcozy  uk  eu   usdor
rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtmy favorite  occupywallstreet demand  11. "debt forgiveness all...debt entire planet period."rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.in period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtla crónica en el york times de la periodista freelancesobre los incidentes del puente brooklynla informacion lo ke viene en esos periodicos del sistema. sin manipular  obtenida de occupywallst directamente  inventadartin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.just read  occupywallst demands...universal loan forgiveness? folks? buy house  pay off. period.

rtfollowfor planned student walkouts solidarity  occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtfollowfor planned student walkouts solidarity  occupywallstreetrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegesrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegesrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtthank mentioning walkout   occupycolleges  occupywallstrtspread word students participate largest student walkout 10/5/11/ 12pm  occupycolleges  occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegesrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon  solidarity  occupywallstreet  occupyaustin  occupyhouston  occupycolleges
rton runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion weeknytimes paris fishy dinner table talk kanye west riccardo tisci...   fashionon runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk...  | nytimes  fashionon runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...info runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye we...dtn fashion runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk ...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...fashion  mode runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinn...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye ...   styleon runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...clothing  style runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion weekon runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...nytfashionandstyle dinner table talk kanye west riccardo tisci give...   bling  jewelryon runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...
rtthis cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.   occupywallstreetrtthis cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.rtthis cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.   occupywallstreetrtcop bragging abt beating peaceful protesters 2night. didn camera.   occupywallstreetrt“rtcop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight...on camera.   occupywallstreet”rtcop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight  didn camera.   wethepeoplert   cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight  didn camera.   wethepeoplertrtcop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight  didn camera.   wethepeoplertrtcop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight  didn camera.   wethepeople“this cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.  ows”rtrtcop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight  didn camera.   wethepeoplertrtcop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight  didn camera.   wethepeoplerti noorbut dammit  feelin  maybe change world camera...  occupywallstnot bad & shoot camera. couldn screen cos sun reflectingrtrtcop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight  didn camera.   wethepeoplertrtcop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight  didn camera.   wethepeoplertthis cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.rtcop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight  didn camera.   owsrti noorbut dammit  feelin  maybe change world camera...  occupywallstrtrtcop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight  didn camera.   wethepeoplertrtcop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight  didn camera.   wethepeople
rtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectors"great article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsfrightening information  rtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorswith deaths forests  loss crucial climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorswith deaths forests  loss key climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsforests  crucial climate protectors  except attack.  albertaforestrywith deaths forests  loss key climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsvianypd prohibits traffic bway  yep. luv aft 9/11 fuck em  theyre protectors ruling classrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath  forests  key  climate protectors
i follow two.  website tab (top pg) linking nycga.check nycga.cc occupywallst.org infortthis peaceful terrorists  bahrain    nycga  sept17rtno differentiate religions  bahrain   nycga  sept17rtmolotovs protests  bahrain peaceful      nycga  sept17rtthe truth  bahrain protests    nycga  sept17rtprotesters taking smc hospital  bahrain    nycga  sept17  doctorsrtin  bahrain peaceful protestors        nycga  sept17rtin  bahrain crime salmaniya hospital    nycga  sept17  doctorsthe assembly  occupywallst websiteamazing reading declaration occupation york cityget copy. requests c2anycga.comnycga.net down. reason 50 thousand clicks second. awesome   occupywallstreet  sept17  takewallstreetrtthe assembly  occupywallst websitertquick fixes structural changes challenge  movement   nycga  occupytogether  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetword rtrtthe assembly  occupywallst websitertastro turfing occupy wall street movement happen?   feedtheprotest  nycga  takewallstreet  vtdemocratsfor date information  occupywallst visit www.nycga.netrtthe assembly  occupywallst websitedo video connecting officers brutality?     nycga  feedtheprotest  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetvideo police holding protesters brooklyn bridge   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  feedtheprotest  nycga1 500 march   500 arrested   dispatch917   nycga   nypd   feedtheprotest
rtstatement saying "i didn fight wall st  fought america  stating15 20 marines headed nyc"rtcorporations headed super wealthy own usa. taking back.  occupywallstreeet  takewallstreet  taxtherichrtmarine vet posted reddit saying 15 headed  occupywallstreet dress blues shield protestors.rtcorporations headed super wealthy own usa. taking back.  occupywallstreeet  takewallstreet  taxtherichrtrtgroup marines headed wall street protect protesters   occupywallstreet  ows  brooklynbridgertrtreporter cuffed waiting van believes headed central booking  occupywallstreetrtcorporations headed super wealthy own usa. taking back.  occupywallstreeet  takewallstreet  taxtherichooh rah “headed wall street protect protesters   occupywallstreet  ows  brooklynbridge”thanks. headed downtown 1 train.i brownies.  occupywallstreethow pumpkin headed bushwa pushing accomplices gawking @  occupywallstreet=how 5$ lattes consumed  pignorantrtcorporations headed super wealthy own usa. taking back.  occupywallstreeet  takewallstreet  taxtherichrtus armed forces headed wall street protect protesters nypd. american heroes.rtrtreporter cuffed waiting van believes headed central booking  occupywallstreetdaily kos reporting folks  usmc headed nyc uniform protect  occupywallstreet protesters.roseanne wealthy bankers sent re education camps beheaded    tcot  p2  mapoli  occupywallstrt“occupybaltimore fb page up.  "occupation" headed baltimore  innerharbor 10/7 stay tuned  occupywallstreet”check  needsoftheoccupiers contribute re headed downtown.  owsso heard marines headed protect theprotestors cops.. cuz peaceful protests aren allowed anymore guess?two headed cat sets world recordrtcorporations headed super wealthy own usa. taking back.  occupywallstreeet  takewallstreet  taxtherich”rtrtcorporations headed super wealthy own usa. taking back.  occupywallstreeet  takewallstreet  taxtherich
rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetchase nypd 4.6million dollars. bankers scaredrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rt"this country...has party money party" dan clawson dollars votes (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rt nyc government cost taxpayers 40 millions dollars  shutdownows  occupywallstreet  anonymous  usdorrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.jp morgan nypd 5 million recently  tax dollarsgreed happens. u.s. buys 2 cans coke  coke 311 million dollars occupywallstreet  owsrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetjpmorganchase recently donates $4.6 million dollars fund  nypd?   occupywallstreetrtover 500 arrested  jpmorganchase donated 4.6 million dollars 2 nypdone trillion dollars fat lady sing. trillion dollars bullshit useless thing.  anti flag  occupywallstreetyour tax dollars capitol police investigate onion’s twitter postsrtlast january.  rtrtjp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreet //  ows  tfy  p2
rtoccupywallstreet protesters plan massive march city hall wednesday mox news video   usdor  99percentrtnolesvotes  15m  15o  worldrevolution  ows virtual march wallstreet wednesday support  occupywallstreetvirtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viartmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrtrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.virtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viafbvirtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viartpolice maced beat local fox station journalists wednesday night  occupywallstreetrton wednesday  moveon.org organize huge  online  occupywallst. ll tweeting links. infortthis okay. mtvideo nypd beating journalists wednesday night  occupywallstreet.rtvirtual march  wallstreet wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viagreat news  rtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallst protests unions wednesday  99percentvirtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viavirtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viavirtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viasimpsons   confirms fox executive fox executive confirmed reuters wednesday i...rtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentjust amtrak ticket wednesday...hope guys strong  wait joinvirtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viartrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.rtoccupywallstreet protesters plan massive march city hall wednesday mox news video   usdor  99percent
rtmsg marketplace gambling (long term invest only) fee participation economic system  occupywallstreetrtmsg marketplace gambling (long term investment only) fee participation economic system  occupywallstreetrtfears massive wall st social unrest sending jitters  markets.  chicago  omaha  nyc  yalertrtbank bailouts  socialism. free market capitalism smash banks oblivion  occupywallstreet  occupythefedrtmarkets course worst week  wallstreet protest hots   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtasia getting hit brutally markets expect brutal markets tomorrow europe america  occupywallstreetrtwelcome modern age  media tyrants. losing control audiences.  losing market power.  occupywallstreet  usdorcall jewish power financial market real change   occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011rtwelcome modern age  media tyrants. losing control audiences.  losing market power.  occupywallstreet  usdorrtmarkets driven greed fear. fear markets injecting  occupywallstreet  business  news monday morning.  opesrcompany markets apparel aimed sexualizing children. abuse?  stopabuseclamping rapid trades stock marketrtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreethigh tech tools help bands market directly fansrise sales helps manhattan housing market recover   median sales price manhattan apartments held steady  ...surging economies  search surging stocks “the issue time capital markets coupled...rthigh tech tools help bands market directly fans topspin media companies offering bands t...npr marketplace  ows student loans   check   usdor  occupywallstreet  studentloansgregory warner npr marketplace discusses occupy wall street student loan debt  ccusdor  owsasian markets sharply recession fears   asian markets tumbled sharply trading monday  hurt data ...rtasia getting hit brutally markets expect brutal markets tomorrow europe america  occupywallstreet
rtiphone video police brutality rallythe night stoked labor rally 2moro  occupywallstreetfollow community labor march wall street. live stream   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtlabor unions join fray  occupywallstreet    nypd forced pepper spray.wall street laughs  sips champagne  occupywallst  neocoms march protest via laborunionreport.com   ...seiu  occupywallst  ve back.  via laborunionreport.com   read entry...   ...plumbers  union (?) berates jewish  occupywallst via laborunionreport.com   video ...rtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchheartbreaking rt"i die america wakes up. am 99%."  occupywallst fb.me/vwegtbrrrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupywallst protesters call totalitarian government  re election obama...   tcot  lur  twisters  p2rtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchgreat crowd tonight.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet labor solidarity tomorrow professors.rtan occupation opportunists  occupywallst marxists union support via laborunionreport.com   ...rtrtrtstudents umass fight corporate attacks  ...rtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny march
rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…nytimes céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier + yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul (cont)dtn fashion fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier an...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion  mode fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  je...rtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...delivers  fashion review xe9;line  comme des gar xe7;ons  haider ackermann  junya watdelivers  fashion review xe9;line  comme des gar xe7;ons  haider ackermann  junya watrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...latest news fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier an...rtfashion fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yo...fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...

rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination"tigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination  lolrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationtigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination justin verlander dominant ...rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationtigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination justin verlander domi...rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationtigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination  / veces se pierde  otras se gana :(rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationtigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination  2  haharttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationmooi  rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination

rtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtap protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreetrtnumber protester arrests jumps 700 wall street protest brooklyn bridge   ef  occupywallstreet
rtprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ... anjali mullany occupy...rtrtprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe 2 communicate anonymously   owsprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ...rtrthey  ows  re laughing stock.  hypocrites    occupywallstreet  takewallstreetfavorite    rthey  ows  re laughing stock. twitpic.com/6wbczq hypocrites   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetmore info vibe  please time read  thanks..rtrtwhatever happens violentoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapp provoked fightrtoccupywallst  occupywallstreet  realgoodvibes  véase el megáfono analógico  ows  15m hay ley que nos parertprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe communicate anonymouslyvibe appprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ... anjali mullany occupy...privacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe communicate anonymously   owsrtoccupywallst protesters vibe app communicate anonymously. acts localized twitter   vibeapprt"a people’s revolution? app help that." :)    ourwallstreet  ows   vibeapprtthe scene liberty park  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  realgoodvibesrtoccupywallst movement incredibly tonight. positive energy. vibe everyone. getting along.  owsthank youpeaceful vibe strong message heart goes tostaystrongrtrtwhatever happens violentoccupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  sept17  vibeapp provoked fightrtpoetry circle  occupychicago vibes nightrtfront march  sept17  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet   vibeapprtthis "permitted" march procession. overly controlled   sept17  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet   vibeapp

rtrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.   ...rtphoto jpmorgan chase & co donates unorecedented $4.6 million nypd?if true  explains a...funds nypd.jpmorgan donates 4 million nypd protests. scared much?  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyrtwhy  occupywallstreet? banks own congress & wh. jpmorgan chase paid nypd $4.6 million "keep safe."rtthe $4.6 million jpmorgan chase donated nypd purchase pepper spray dose 8.2 million protesters.rteven jpmorgan lost 40% stock value 2011 ($90 billion)  scraped $4.6 million nypd bodyguards.for didn tweet meme & wonders tags don trend....  jpmorganownstwittershares  occupywallst  werthe99percentrtdid $4.6 million  jpmorgan stole & 2 nypd pay 4 those? yes    nypd  usdorand b/c  jpmorganownstwittershares & bribed  nypd attack protestors expensive equipment meant  owsrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreetjpmorgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd  ows protests | ology  viaoccupywallstreet arrests;fox5 crew   protesters hit  nypd mace batons 1day jpmorgan nypd $4.6 millionjpmorgan chase donates millions nypd prior mass arrests occupy wall streetwell isn convenient? jpmorgan "donates" 4.6 million nypdrtcheck theart tonightwall st. jpmorgan building benefitingrtrtjpmorgan donates $4.6mil nypd. date n/a appears google search 4days ago. kelly ...why  occupywallstreet? banks own congress & wh. jpmorgan chase paid nypd $4.6 million "keep safe."rtany nypd officer arrests peaceful protesters guilty treason thanks 2 jpmorgan bribe 2 paychecks street
animated fruit ambitionanimated fruit ambitionme believe sorrylisteria cantaloupe scare; tips safe fruit vegetable ...thought acai super fruit  african superfruit  boabab  looksrtbaobab  african fruit  superfood. here’s  (via)baobab touted  superfood ; african fruit  tree life ... baobab giving acai berry...baobab  african fruit  superfood. here’s  (via)"animated fruit ambition “annoying orange” web videos rolling years...listeria cantaloupe scare; tips safe fruit vegetable ...animated fruit ambitioneating apples pears help prevent stroke.  consumption  fruits vegetables associated...a fruit ambition “annoying orange” web videos rolling r...rtbaobab  african fruit  superfood. here’s  (via)entertainment animated fruit ambition dane boedigheimer  creator “annoying orang...    newsrtfilling anchoringlate morning afternoon today...feel free toss rotten fruits vegetables screen : )rtbaobab  african fruit  superfood. here’s  (via)animated fruit ambition dane boedigheimer  creator “annoying orange ” hoping succeed wher...rtbaobab  african fruit  superfood. here’s  (via)rtbaobab  african fruit  superfood. here’s  (via)rtnipclub practice vetting charities. charity vetted. thank
rtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplepigrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplewhere w/capitalism part? rtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism ...moronic?an  occupywallst pic worth 1k words dwn w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertmy  rtoccupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops phones&snapplertoccupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops phones&snapple    tcot
rtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreet  theyarescaredjpmorgan donates 4 million nypd protests. scared much?  occupywallstreet  ows  occupychase nypd 4.6million dollars. bankers scaredrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrtjp morgan donated 4.6million nypd  scaredbankers scared shadows feel protectedrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdormassive union voted wall street protesters  yes growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdora massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrtjpmorgan recently donated 4.6 milion dollars nypd re scared death  occupywallstreet"jp morgan donated 4.6million nypd  scared"
rtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsforgive nosiness comrades  happened?  wlf  nipclubrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsrtthe  occupywallstreet rally movement nypd video beating   ve won  comrades    owsrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsrtleading march nite 2 1 police plz pouring rain  chanting "free comrades " = bad saturday nite.  occupywallstreetrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owshappy sunday  comrades      wlfrtsurprise free vampire squid sketches @  occupywallstreet  dear comrades  i’ll doing freertanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsrtsettle  comrades "zuccotti park closed wall street protesters  nypd says"   occupywallstreetrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   ows
ruiz rubio american tea party senator marco rubio  sits michele bachmann on...rt8pmet onbernie talking withabout  occupywallstreet protests.  occupywallst  takewallstreetby timothy bella  cbsnewyork.com york (cbsnewyork) — midst jersey gubernatorial campaign in...rtnypd payoff?rt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...pls rtrtwhat wall street doesn’t oil prices   bernie sanders   occupywallstreet  occupydcrtvideo ben person. jerry person. ben & jerry ice cream person   occupywallstreetrtfrom 1998 2008 financial sector spent $5 billion campaign contributions & lobbying.  occupywallstreetrtbrutalidad policial de nypd 24 sept   takewallstreet  sitocanaunanostocanatodas““if financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallst””rtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtif financial institution fail  exist.  occupywallstreet  occupywallsta syrian nuclear engineer assassinated  syria  homs. regime targeting academic & scientists   nato4syriartrt3 4 lgest financial instituts bigger b4  financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrt8pmet onbernie talking withabout  occupywallstreet protests.  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthe  occupywallstreet movement reach people demand real wall street reform.
week five fantasy football rankings starting darren sproles ... sproles rock sol...week five fantasy football rankings starting darren sproles ... notable low ranking lega...a genius silver black dave anderson al davis résumé pro football hall fame tells ...rtal davis  longtime owner oakland raiders pro football hall famer ...nypd cops disciplined throwing football kid.  bad apples beat kids protect crooks    owsespn permanently removes hank williams jr.  monday night football  obama hitler comparison   fbrthigh school cheerleader collapses football game diesrtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumérussell wilson creates national championship buzz wisconsin football ...high school football player tack injure 27 opposing team ...hank williams jr. bounced tonight game hank williams jr. won ready football monday n...rtespn dumps hank williams jr.  monday night football  obama hitler comp..hank williams jr. bounced tonight game hank williams jr. won ready football monday n...rtespn tells daily news pulling hank williams jr. tonight monday night football broadcast  breakingnewsrtpizza football? prtnrd w/2 tickets 2 cards/giants game + dinner 2. contest tnghti watch tomorrows  football mutch  libertysquare   yu huuuuuuu  yerevan  armenia  hima  sksela  rallyafter comparing obama hitler foxnfriends  hank williams jr. dropped monday night footballal davis  renegade raider remade pro football  dies 82 coach  owner manag...hank williams jr. dropped permanently ‘monday night football’rtmy piece (and picture took) york times libyan national football team.rtespn tells daily news pulling hank williams jr. tonight monday night football broadcast  breakingnews
rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rtah  yes. rtfirst ignore  laugh  fight  win   gandhi  occupywallstreetrtgandhi – (we quote often. there’s lessons us.)   ronpaul  tcot  tlot  peace  occupywallstreetrttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?today gandi birthday  create  peacefulchange. support  occupywallst movement   peace  gandhi  solidarityrttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?occupywallst "be change wish world" (gandhi quote). hope movement growing  world wake up.rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rt"first ignore  ridicule  fight  win."   gandhi  occupywallstrt "first ignore  ridicule  fight  win."   gandhi   occupywallstrttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?manmohan singh late indira gandhi handled telangana issue earlier.rttoday gandhi day. day commit ourselves  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttruth stands  public support. self sustained. gandhi  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrthappy 142nd birthday  gandhi  inspired succeed endless nonviolent resistance.  occupywallst  occupypdx  p2rt"first ignore  ridicule  fight  win."   gandhi  occupywallstrttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?
rttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallsttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying int rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallst
u.s. government approved $40 billion worldwide private arms sales 2009   occupywallstreet  owsrtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rtrt1971   175 lobby firms dc.  1985   2 500 firms. 2009 13 700 registered lobbyists dc.  usdor  oct6rtge $1.1 billion tax refund irs  $10 billion profits 2009.  occupywallstreetrt+900 ex govt officials inc 70 former congress mbr lobbied financial sector 2009   usdor  occupykst  occupywallstreetrt1971   175 lobby firms dc.  1985   2 500 firms. 2009 13 700 registered lobbyists dc.  usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rt+900 ex govt officials inc 70 former congress mbr lobbied financial sector 2009   usdor  occupykst  occupywallstreetrtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rtrtthis isn 1st time chopper crashed nyc river. 2009  tour chopper collided wit… (cont)rtge $1.1 billion tax refund irs  $10 billion profits 2009.  occupywallstreetglobal defense spending 2009   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17  yeswecampny mayor bloomberg takes stand trial gop political consultant accused stealing $1.1 million 2009 campaignrtrt1971   175 lobby firms dc.  1985   2 500 firms. 2009 13 700 registered lobbyists dc.  usdor  oct6rtrt1971   175 lobby firms dc.  1985   2 500 firms. 2009 13 700 registered lobbyists dc.  usdor  oct6rtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.  usdor   occupydc  oct6"rtin 3 (2007 2009)    israel >47 mill. pieces ammo  bullets kill every1  palestine 10 times over.  usdorrt+900 ex govt officials inc 70 former congress mbr lobbied financial sector 2009   usdor  occupykst  occupywallstreetrtrtrtchevron received $19m refund irs  $10b profits 2009.  taxtherichrt1971   175 lobby firms dc.  1985   2 500 firms. 2009 13 700 registered lobbyists dc.  usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6
nice bear mind worlds 2000 richest people wealth combined poorest 4 billion  occupywallstreet  owsrtgeneral assembly  oct 1. rainy night. prob 2000  occupywallstrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydc macpherson square washington dc 20006 15th street & street blankets sleeping bags foodrtoccupywallstreet urgent 2 honda 2000i generators propane conversion kits asap    pls  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtgeneral assembly  oct 1. rainy night. prob 2000  occupywallstrt700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.rtgeneral assembly  oct 1. rainy night. prob 2000  occupywallstrt700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.rt700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.rttaking look struggles a.c.c. 2000rt700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.rtows  usdor break chains capitalist   dump credit/debit cards  empty bank accts  close iras    break freertows  usdor  sep17 time 2 bankers control  dont pay student loans  bogus.. break freert700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.rt700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.nice bear mind worlds 2000 richest people wealth combined poorest 4 billion  occupywallstreet  owsnice bear mind worlds 2000 richest people wealth combined poorest 4 billion  occupywallstreet  owstaking look struggles a.c.c. 2000rt700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.rti dedicate 2000th tweet  occupywallstreet. strength break corporate death grip government. something.
rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.oh god.  occupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtmtoccupy wallstreet exposed.   ows  nypd audio feed logs missing .... hmmm

rthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreet
occupydc protest push repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood huff.to/nucpwr  usdor  occupydcrtnader  ron paul  kucinich speak occupy wall street repeal federal reserve act   endthefed  owsrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreeti  occupywallstreet support repeal frank dodd banking regulations too.  tcotwhere repealing patriot act? wars? list yawner.topeka considering repealing domestic violence law .... save $$   (via)rtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcnot cool. domestic abuse dropped consideration repealing abuse laws cost prosecute
occupywallstreet re goal misguided. equal. 16 girls phones & cars. elsea tribute  iphonesrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertrtcitizens cell phones doing media won t.  ourwallstreet   owsrtwe human microphones via  occupywallstreet  sep17rtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertwe internet  4g phones hot spots pref. solar panels?  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupykc  kcmo  kansascitywhen able support phones. california  whispercore  usdor  occupylartan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertwe internet  4g phones hot spots pref. solar panels?  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupykc  kcmo  kansascityrtat  occupywallstreet human microphones nation   99percent  usdorrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplea tribute  iphonesrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplefor steve jobs tribute  iphonesrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snappleexactly   kids  occupywallst owned homes =r living parents   broke wouldn ny iphonespigrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapple
has digitale copy occupied wall street journal?  pdf  occupywallstreethas digitale copy occupied wall street journal?  pdf  occupywallstreethas digitale copy occupied wall street journal ?  pdf  occupywallstreet“inside cover  front  occupied wall street journal   occupywallstreet” beautifulrtthe yes raise money publish occupy wall street journal  occupy  p2  ows  occupywallstreetrtsee exactly nypd protect & serve.  occupywallstreet nypd foundation online journal advertisers/donors   usdoras  usual real liberal tv journalist starts w/ violence nypd beating prisoners us...occupywall st.rtbe media  occupywallstreet journal goes print. run 50 000 copies200+ contributors  rtoccupywallstreet  ows events & news roundup occupy wall street nojournal >new  > occupy wall street journal >   occupywallstreet  owslocal 40 iron worker wtc site copy occupied wall street journal  watching druobservations jailed journalist   goo.gl/vrvk4  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  sept17  october11  occupyseattlertthe occupy wall street journal indesign expert help location (west 14th st) asap  needsoftheoccupiers  owsplenty papers around.  occupiedwallstreetjournal   takewallstreet"how west coast person hands paper copy occupy wall street journal?"did read "occupied wall street journal"? think? it? why/why not?  ajstream  ows  occupywallst  occupyrtpolice maced beat local fox station journalists wednesday night  occupywallstreetrtdid traffic jam coverage  occupywallstreet? real journalists nyc anymore?rtthis okay. mtvideo nypd beating journalists wednesday night  occupywallstreet.rtbe media  occupywallstreet journal goes print. run 50 000 copiesand repub comments “mitt romney calls  occupywallst protests "class warfare"
rtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtshame bbc joining organised media blackout  occupy   ashamed english. f+fbrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedrtfollow  occupys  occupys follow   organisedoh governments organised aren they? organised criminals  hacking fraud cover ups lies etc
rtwlf rtin court  brief review lennox appeal hearing  (cont)rtrtbelfast council advised  savelennox  supporters 21 days lodge appe… (cont)rtrtagain tell media "we doing job" perjury wardens job descri… (cont)rtrtthe verdict lennox destroyed brings shame all.  bslsaavelennoxwlfrthow feeling nemi?  savelennox  wlfrtwlf  savelennox court  brief review lennox appeal hearing  (cont)mrs nemi    nasty cold... tom toddy?   wlf  savelennoxpoor nemi *pats brow paw*   wlf  savelennox  wlfrtwlf  savelennox court  brief review lennox appeal hearing  (cont)can please post link spread morning again. warden ...  wlf  savelennoxrtwlflennox decision tomorrow (30th) mid afternoon.savelennox  endbsl… (cont)tysm 4  >> live die? lennox decision expected fridayrtrtpls rt~  lennox  boycottbelfast   savelennoxrtrtbelfast council advised  savelennox  supporters 21 days lodge appe… (cont)rt*rt** attention  lennox followers read help   savelennox  endbsl pls rtrthow feeling nemi?  savelennox  wlfrt"rt*rt** attention  lennox followers read help   savelennox  endbsl pls rt"rtsavelennox  wlf appalling.rtrt*rt** attention  lennox followers read help   savelennox  endbsl pls rtthat thought. try hihjlight justice & compassion lennox & all.  savelennox  wlfthat thought. try hghlight justice & compassion lennox & all.  savelennox  wlf
rtqueens museum considers selling rooftop ad space eyes plane passengersrtqueens museum considers selling rooftop ad space eyes plane passengersrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverthe passengers helicopter crashed east river  tourists u.k.rtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter...rtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger ha… (cont)rtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtrtpassengers helicopter crashed east river believed uk touristsoh thank god  americans danger. rthelicopter update passengers britain & australiartnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverto arrest.  nypd bus bridge passengers out. ...rtqueens museum considers selling rooftop ad space eyes plane passengersmtto arrest.  nypd bus bridge passengers out.“helicopter update passengers britain australiartnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east river
rtplease verify  nypd told warned protesters entering roadway. reason 4 this?rtmsm makes deal 12 protesters arrested  syria   america country parents warnednew video protesters warned arrest nypd marching brooklyn bridge  viartnew video protesters warned arrest nypd marching brooklyn bridgenew video protesters warned arrest nypd marching brooklyn bridge  viartpolice add  re  occupywallstreet arrests  protesters roadway  detained    warned.rtoccupy wall street protesters brooklyn bridge warned arrestedrtrtnew video protesters warned nypd   tcot   occupywallstreet  news  ...rtnew video protesters warned arrest nypd marching brooklyn bridgenew video protesters warned arrest nypd marching brooklyn bridge  vianypd warned protesters arrests nypd released videos sunday captain bullhorn war...rtplease verify  nypd told warned protesters entering roadway. reason 4 this?rtoccupy wall street protesters brooklyn bridge warned arrestednew video protesters warned arrest nypd marching brooklyn bridge  viartplease verify  nypd told warned protesters entering roadway. reason 4 this?rtrtpolice add  re  occupywallstreet arrests  protesters roadway  detained    warned.new video protesters warned arrest nypd marching brooklyn bridge  viawarned? am sorry herding road blocking nets "warning"? miss there?women idiotic sometimes  nypd warned wear clothing rape women respond anger pd?  shutuprtanon ops    ourwallstreet wall street warned hacking attack anonymous   occupyamericanew video protesters warned arrest nypd marching brooklyn bridge  via
rtestimated 700 total arrests related protests saturday  occcupywallst  nypd  brooklynbridgenypd arrests 700  occupywallstreet protesters  brooklynbridge   takewallstreet  ows  15octrtatención forbes dice que  occupywallstreet es un éxito reconocido por la prensa   brooklynbridge  15m  15ortupdate 700 arrested.  occupywallstreet protest demonstrators &  nypd shut  brooklynbridgertvideo  nypd leading  occupiers onto  brooklynbridge arrest walking it.   occupywallstreetwhat  bloomberg  obama attn?  occupywallstreet  nypd  brooklynbridge  stopthemach2011  usdor  occupytogether  anticorprtoccupywallstreet mtentrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.breaking news  pcjf files class action lawsuit oct. 1  brooklynbridge mass arrest   occupywallst  occupybaltimorertrarrests begun. cops protesters bridge.  occupywallstreet  brooklynbridge"rtrtone  occupywallst activist released jail live    chat/ask qstns.  p2  brooklynbridgertrtoccupywallstreet 4 videos  brooklynbridge yesterday >>rtwas arrested 2nd time storming  brooklynbridge  occupywallstreet yesterday. 24 girls 6x8 cell.rtthis proof happemed brooklyn bridge  via  abetternypd  takewallstreet  occupybrooklynbridgert4 videos  brooklynbridge yesterday >>rthay 400 detenidos dice la policía en  brooklynbridge  occupywallstreet dice  nytimes   15oct  15mrtbrooklynbridge protestors arrested video   occupywallstreet“better shot entrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.  < wow.rt4 videos  brooklynbridge yesterday >>rtin missed  longish video  brooklynbridge yesterday   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet mtentrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.rtoccupywallstreet mtentrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.
bk 1470 east york av nypd officer struck vehicle. serious injuries. blood bank needed. req esu scene.nypd manhattan precincts 1 23 citywide 1 3 live scanner audio feed  viaourwallstreet  takewallstreetnyc fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding. 3:27:03 pm viartrtu/d manhattan  5 people chopper  2  1 unconscious. harbor  scuba divers deployed.   fdny{yikes} rtbrooklyn sutter ave & bradford st. male shot twice. victim transported serious condition  die.rtbrooklyn 297 dumont ave jumper aided alive scene requesting ems rush. crime scene established.rtfrom police scanner "zone adam". liberty park wall st?  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetpolice scanner feed   occupywallstreet  usdoroffstoprtfrom police scanner c0ps called broadway & church  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtmanhattan 7 ave & west 49 st suspicious package mta bus. nypd esu & bomb squad ...rtokay  am following  >rtfrom police scanner "zone adam". liberty park wall st?  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetpolice scanner trying secure wall broadway  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetfrom police scanner c0ps listening  moving land lines.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetfrom police scanner police setting broadway & church  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetfrom police scanner re staging broad & water  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetfrom police scanner "zone adam". liberty park wall st?  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetfrom police scanner c0ps called broadway & church  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetfrom police scanner police dismissed night. violence now?  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
rtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyfor hash tags  occupywallstreet & e.g.  takewallstreet germany  twitter timeline displayed hardly believe capacity problems.rtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germany???? ?? ???  ????????  rally  opposition  sep30sharunak  politics  libertysquare  germany  armenia  yerevannews alert germany votes expand euro bailout fund  |  nytlibertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenia varvacen germanyai despanatnic erevigoal buddle scores twice  keeping name mix edson buddle sight germany se...rtgermany votes expand euro bailout fundgermany votes expand euro bailout fundrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtreported arrested diabetic lukemia patient. ppl 77 report waiting ambulance.germanyrtgermany  obama bent    occupywallstreetmilitary coup martial law united states.   occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupytogether  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtgermany approves euro bailout plan; slovakia vote awaitsrtconfirmed   germany printing  deutsche marks fast able leave  euro   takewallstreet   sep17  15mrtbig win eu germany approves larger bailout fundrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtgermany votes expand euro bailout fund
rt*salutes* rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrt*salutes* rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrtrtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrtthis day  rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrtphoto vets site  honoring flag  ows  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet (taken instagram)   wiunion  p2  tcot““rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetffoccupywallstreet ward reilly marine vet  army  meaningful distinction vets.   supportrtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrtrtww ii vets  occupywallstreetmore america hating hippies.... rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrtww ii vets  occupywallstreetvets  occupywallstrt*salutes* rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrtphoto vets site  honoring flag  ows  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet (taken instagram)   wiunion  p2  tcotthis day  rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrtgreatest generation called duty again.  godblessourvetsrtthis day  rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  pics uniformed vets standing entrance  libertysquare?"ww ii vets  occupywallstreet  talkin   bout   ows  occupymemphisrtrtww ii vets  occupywallstreet
rt  occupy wall street  msnbc reporter slams nyc police brutality  anonymous...  viaoccupywallstreetcheney obama apologize slams bush administration former veep dick cheney praised president ...perry slams report texas hunting camp racist name texas gov. rick perry campaign defensive  s...msnbc reporter slams nyc police brutality  •  occupywallstreetcheney obama apologize slams bush administrationcheney obama apologize slams bush administration   york daily newsrtnypd makes korea proud  msnbc reporter slams nyc police brutality   • occupy wall streetrtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.rtoccupywallst protester slams fox news anchor unaired footage:"msnbc slams police brutality"  occupywallst  1stamendment rts journalists  violatedrtcheney obama apologize slams bush administrationrtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.rtcheney obama apologize slams bush administrationrtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.rick perry slams report texas hunting camp racist name herman ... texas gov. rick perry campaign t...perry slams report texas hunting camp racist namertcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.cheney obama apologize slams bush administrationthis guy  occupywallst activist slams fox news producer un aired interview viacheney obama apologize slams bush administration   york daily news york daily newsch...cheney obama apologize slams bush administration   york daily news york daily newsch...
rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrttweet month nominee  | rt"this funniest read."    ~  occupywallstreetrt"this country...has party money party" dan clawson dollars votes (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrt occupymn video "this land  land?" please    occupywallstreet  takewallstreetowsnyt "this crisis 17 moving parts:"  hurdles ahead greek rescue package & fixing  euromess."this world beautiful corporate greed destroy it"rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtus marine  occupywallstreet   "this 2nd time fought country  1st time ve enemy..."  owsrtmarine  occupywallstreet "this 2nd time fought country  1st time ve enemy"rt"this result. people finally woke " twu joins  occupywallstreet.from "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrt"this video removed user" uploaded video day 86k views  delete it?  occupywallstreet"this video removed user" uploaded video day 86k views  delete it?  occupywallstreetrt"this world beautiful corporate greed destroy it"rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrt"this video removed user" uploaded video day 86k views  delete it?  occupywallstreetrt“"evrything  evrything " watched. "this bonaroo  hippie commune."  occupywallstreet”  wordrt"this world beautiful corporate greed destroy it"rtus marine  occupywallstreet   "this 2nd time fought country  1st time ve enemy..."  owsrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreet
rtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisy“in usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisy”ows  occupywallstreet brought » *drum roll* » *eye roll* "american corporations"    exemplifieshypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisywowthe ul editorial editor  unleashing deluge paradoxical hypocrisy  occupywallstreet people  sadpandartin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrelentless hypocrisy 1% call lear jet taxes class warfare 16 million kids call food luxury.  owsoccupysfrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyprotestor laptop = hypocrisy?  occupywallstoh  it.  hypocrisy  guiltyconscience won  occupylogic.  counteryour"revolution"rti suspect  occupywallstreet continues picks momentum learn hypocrisy comparisons  arabspring.rti suspect  occupywallstreet continues picks momentum learn hypocrisy comparisons  arabspring.rtwe 99 cent mark ruffalo <   priceless hypocrisy   via common dreams      occupywallstrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyhow hypocrisy cram single photo? self aware much?  occupywallst
ny transit union court stop nyc "from forcing bus drivers transport ows protesters arrested nypd".the supreme court term begins tomorrowrtbahrain   uk  york times bahrain court hands harsh sentences doctors protesters 16uk  york times  bahrain court hands harsh sentences doctors protesters 16nytimes term  supreme court shifts focus crime amendmentrtruling 4 courts|  | ny times|  lgbt  ssm  glbt  p2  p2b  lgbt  gay  p21|rtuma thurman stalker jack jordan loses chance freedom refusing sign court..supreme court ruling revive health care 2012 campaign mean president d...supreme court ruling revive health care 2012 campaign mean president d...rtaccording toa class action lawsuit filed federal court bloomberg nypd arrests  occupywallstreet.rtsupreme court criminal amendmentsupreme court justice thomas fire congressional democrats demanded ethics investigation thursday into...court sentences protester death dubai  united arab emirates (ap)  bahrain special security court thurs...supreme court justice thomas fire congressional democrats demanded ethics investigation thursday into...amanda knox arrives italian court 24 knox looked tense entered packed courthouse. she...supreme court justice clarence thomas hiding payout wife house democrats  viajohn lennon educational tour bus encourages media talents ... (courtesy press publici...rtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtmeet press covering happened yesterday fyirtmeet press covering happened yesterday fyinytimes court fight tireless battle image
rtasia getting hit brutally markets expect brutal markets tomorrow europe america  occupywallstreetrton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.horror spain bull gores matador eye bull brutally gored matador spain friday  tearing thr...horror spain bull gores matador eye bull brutally gored matador spain friday  tearing thr...rtasia getting hit brutally markets expect brutal markets tomorrow europe america  occupywallstreetbrutally attacksrtrtit sign fascism violent dissent brutally broken  occupywallstreetrtallowing  nypd brutally beat & arrest protestors media unacceptable  occupywallstreet   world watchingrtrtasia getting hit brutally markets expect brutal markets tomorrow europe america  occupywallstreetrton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.nypd pigs police brutally attacks occupy wall street protesters    raw video   occupywallstreetrton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtasia getting hit brutally markets expect brutal markets tomorrow europe america  occupywallstreetrtasia getting hit brutally markets expect brutal markets tomorrow europe america  occupywallstreetodd. thug brutally beat 81  bronx "nerd"  obsessed  facebook game cafe world.  nycrton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtin  bahrain terrorists(anti gov protestors) running policemen bahrain brutally     nycga    sept17
rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtrotten  thieving corporation pays  nypd protection peaceful protesters? optics  all.  occupyamericartfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetis jp morgan getting return $4.6 million “gift” 2 nyc police? specialprotection  occupywallstrtwall street buys protection  nypd |  ows  takewallstreet  occupynationrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetnypd overstaffed  requests budget adjustment. rtpolice protection washington golden calf   owsi tried reading  occupywallstreet website virus protection alerted. attack site perhaps?cloudflare.com/email protection.html discriminates low income people afford computers javascript.all equal rights liberty  property  protection laws voltairertfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreet"respect rule law protection monsters eichmann awlaki  should...rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet stage tonight directly+nonviolently challenging  nypd protection ...rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreet
rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rtnice    russia "bus drivers nypd vehicles"   occupywallstreet  nypd  revolutionnice    russia "bus drivers nypd vehicles"   occupywallstreet  nypd  revolutionrtnice    russia "bus drivers nypd vehicles"   occupywallstreet  nypd  revolutionrt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rtnice    russia "bus drivers nypd vehicles"   occupywallstreet  nypd  revolutionrt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rtnice    russia "bus drivers nypd vehicles"   occupywallstreet  nypd  revolutionrt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"

rtrtnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsrtrt3 blocks hear  peoplesmic   occupaywallstreet  owsrtaton   occupaywallstreet  owspleasenewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  owsaton   occupaywallstreet  owspleaseatonalturl.com/uwevg  occupaywallstreet  owspleasertrtrt3 blocks hear  peoplesmic   occupaywallstreet  owsrtrtnewvideo fromall protest music     occupaywallstreet  ows“rtwho ready 2  occupyhomes? eviction.   occupaywallstreet  ows”rtoh  yes. ultimate protest rtwho ready 2  occupyhomes? eviction.   occupaywallstreet  ows
occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia las imágenes muestran ...occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia las imágenes muestran ...infoteca tecnolog    occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia la...sm  occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia   inter4ctiveoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia las imágenes muestran ...occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia   tecnologiaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia   internet  ictoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia
last week  ericcantor purchased couple handguns  6 rifles & lots amo arlington va. fraid mobs?just spent couple minutes walking flat  speaking american accent talking time starring nypd blue.as do.today york times magazine dedicated topics food & drink. couple articles food etiquette.rtwashington couple held death adopted daughter  13 hana williamsreported couple hundred  occupywallst protesters march police plaza. hundreds? march?chickens born bred bedroom apartment couple local food ...   york daily news   agnewssurging economies  search surging stocks “the issue time capital markets coupled...:great pic wedding couple crossing paths w/ occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests). twitpic.com/6tn9gdrt“great pic wedding couple crossing paths  occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests).cymbeline  actors real life wedding   nytimes.com actors play couple "cymbeline" getting married r...rtwas liberty square  occupywallstreet couple hours.  beautiful thing.   radical  cooperative  inclusive.rtrecent stabbing reminds domestic violence issues exclusive heterosexual couples.rt"det. kate beckett nypd  couple questions murder earlier." best. intro line.  castlertinteresting  occupywallstreet microradio station 107.1 fm   apparently 15 setup  range couple 100 feet.rtdope rtchickens born bred bedroom apartment couple local food routinechickens born bred bedroom apartment couple local food ...rtrtviartcouple  protesters  badges move crowd ...what nypd  occupywallstreet  couple officers opinion least.  forum screen shotsevil adoptive parents rtwashington couple held death adopted daughter  13 hana williams"det. kate beckett nypd  couple questions murder earlier." best. intro line.  castlememorable wedding day... rtwedding couple cross paths  occupywallst protesters bridge (before arrests)
rtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetyes//rtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrt“shall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet”rtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet
rtvideotaping nypd videotaping us. movie   owsvideotaping nypd videotaping us. movie   ows  viarthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtvideo nypd leading protestors onto bridge & videotaping.  viaoccupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtvideotaping nypd videotaping us. movie   owsrtvideotaping nypd videotaping us. movie   owsrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtvideotaping nypd videotaping us. movie   owsrtrtcant wait docu :d rtvideotaping nypd videotaping us. movie  owsrtrtcant wait docu :d rtvideotaping nypd videotaping us. tha… (cont)rthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtvideotaping nypd videotaping us. movie   owsrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreeterinnert n.korea  stillnotlovingpolice rtvideotaping nypd videotaping us. movie   owsrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreet
rt.wrong.  occupywallst fools explicity anti capitalist. read signsyou realize  occupywallst  occupyla beginning ghetto capitalist revolution"capitalism dead capitalists killed it. corporatism. corporations trying govern  occupywallstreetrtabolish federal govt  seen  occupywallst placard. um   legislate capitalists hate?cute  hats sunglasses umbrellas junk evil capitalists..tsk tsk tsk   stupid  p2  occupywallstreet  gameonrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrt.wrong.  occupywallst fools explicity anti capitalist. read signsrtoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet protests capitalist shoulders stands upon. mistake seeing govt friend.  libertyrt.wrong.  occupywallst fools explicity anti capitalist. read signsrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasdown evil capitalists twitter    occupywallstrtoccupywallst rtamerica capitalist system source history mankind.  iamthe53rtcapitalism dead capitalists killed it. corporatism. corporations trying govern.  occupywallstreet  owswho breitbart mad him?  occupyla  occupywallstreetlol  rtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist cameras flic.kr/p/ars6unrtoccupywallstreet john kerry $7m yacht  nancy pelosi $12m winery  al gore $9m malibu mansion. protestors capitalists?rti antisemitic  anti american  anti capitalist & anti israel  occupywallstreet & esp. using jewish holidays.in flip flops jeans  unconventional venture capitalist chamath palihapitiya  founder so...rtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerassomeone realization  needsoftheoccupiers apple products toting capitalists.rtnew world bank capitalistsi uploaded avideo   occupywallstreet
¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo    vamosacambiarelmundo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  real democracy   firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo    vamosacambiarelmundo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo registro maravilla¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo
rtpaging garafolo mtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst?rtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrt “will msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor united
rtneighborhood joint | williamsburg kcdc  skateboarders shop defy gravityrtwashington couple held death adopted daughter  13 hana williamsespn permanently removes hank williams jr.  monday night football  obama hitler comparison   fbhelmo alert country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama ... celeste katz ready s...hank williams jr. bounced tonight game hank williams jr. won ready football monday n...rtespn dumps hank williams jr.  monday night football  obama hitler comp..hank williams jr. bounced tonight game hank williams jr. won ready football monday n...rthank williams jr. apparently obama white people death camps.watch sample republican base hank williams  jr =>   ignoranthatertespn tells daily news pulling hank williams jr. tonight monday night football broadcast  breakingnewsrthank williams jr. apparently obama white people death camps.rt video hank williams jr. compares pres hitler. morons gather  foxnews   foxliesrtwatchs interview w/on abc “up close” tomorrow morning 11 a.m.  foodcrisis  eastafricasafter comparing obama hitler foxnfriends  hank williams jr. dropped monday night footballrthelmo alert      country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama to... adolf hitler? ..hank williams jr. dropped permanently ‘monday night football’movie review |  sons tennessee williams  ‘the sons tennessee williams’ — reviewrtespn tells daily news pulling hank williams jr. tonight monday night football broadcast  breakingnewsrthank williams jr. compares president obama adolf hitler interview fox an..quest reform nypdrti returned totoday. speaking  protestors  affirm support spirit  occupywallstreet.  equality
rtstreet art colored sand.  washingtonsquare.  owsrtows  washingtonsquare  occupywallstreetrtows washingtonsquare parkwashingtonsquare  nyu  newyorkrtwow  rtrtows washingtonsquare parkwashingtonsquare smells freshly cut grass  homethurs. evening park  washingtonsquare  nyc  fallepic rtrtwow  rtrtoccupywallstreet  washingtonsquare park yfrog.com/ocw1qotj? remains  nypd gonna invade  washingtonsquarepark humvees & tanks garage  harlem  owsrtows march started  live  washingtonsquare  occupyny  ows  occupy    globalrevolution livertlive  washingtonsquare  occpuyny  ows  occupy  occupywallstreet    globalrevolution livertows washingtonsquare park.... rtneed clothes.. yay shopping  washingtonsquarertstreet art colored sand.  washingtonsquare.  owsrtwow  rtrtows washingtonsquare park yfrog.com/ocw1qotjrtows washingtonsquare parkabout people ib  washingtonsquarepark now.  ows?rtoccupywallst told  nypd leave  washingtonsquare dusk. did...rtows washingtonsquare parkso close finishing reading. ll tonight.  washingtonsquarei home finish  washingtonsquare  thefuckup
rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters""sexy protesters"  occupywallstreet  joke.  smelled close.no joke indeed “this joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"coverage  occupywallstreet npr morning. weeks "hundeds protesters" arrested.not sexy btw. appear meth though. rt"photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"did cnn???? "the called  ows protesters"... wtf ?rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"   is.gd/bggfrb  looks park day methadone clinic"this joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"   > jealous?rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"   is.gd/bggfrblol. grief. "this joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"where paid? "organizer admits paying ‘occupy dc’ protesters"   needsoftheoccupiers  occupydc occupysfwhere paid? "organizer admits paying ‘occupy dc’ protesters"   needsoftheoccupiers  occupydc  occupysfwhere paid? "organizer admits paying ‘occupy dc’ protesters"   needsoftheoccupiers“this joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"     looked sexy one?"bragging beating peaceful protesters"? guys  pretty weak. tired videos.rtuh...wut. rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters" /got ya sarah mmalkin 1%.rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"/got ya  michellemalkinisa1%   ignore.
rtdo agree protesters? (poll)  viartrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreethow people  suffered delays denied police services nypd set  occupywallst protesters???rtrtdo agree protesters? (poll)    occupywallstreetrtrotten  thieving corporation pays  nypd protection peaceful protesters? optics  all.  occupyamericartlet straight. nypd  takes $4.6 million donations jpmorgan chase  arrested 700  occupywallst protesters?rtwhen pepper spray tea party protesters?    occupywallstreet  p2rtrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?   ows  takewallstreetrtrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?   ows  takewallstreetrtdo agree protesters? (poll)  viartdo agree protesters? (poll)  viartare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtdearwhy suspendan org representing wall street protesters?(pls retweet)  owsrtdearwhy suspendan org representing wall street protesters?(pls retweet)  owsrtthe police "attacking" violent protesters? wtf wrong daily news "reporters"?rtis  look michael moore ate protesters?   occupywallstreetrtsome  nypd misleaded protesters? gift 4.6m chase goes   occupywallstreetrtlet straight. nypd  takes $4.6 million donations jpmorgan chase  arrested 700  occupywallst protesters?omg  jpmorgan chase donated $4.6 million nyc police foundation   "kiddies   arrest protesters? "rtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtdo agree protesters? (poll)  via
rthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreet“how peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreet”rthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrtrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? (cont)rthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetwanna freak bankers? chicken dance wall street.rthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet.  nypd  $4.6 mil  arrest 700 bankers?occupydenver ... paid nypd $4.6 million  arrest 700 bankers?occupyamerica ... paid nypd $4.6 million  arrest 700 bankers?occupywallstreet.  paid nypd $4.6 million  arrest 700 bankers?occupywallstreet ..  paid nypd $4.6 million  arrest 700 bankers?heresthebeef = bankers?  occupywallst  takewallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrtrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count ...rtany bankers? rtrtabout 400 arrested  police say.  occupywallstreet.
rtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyso beautiful  brings tear eyert?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrttreat patient  ct scan      verghese essayrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtalert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.legal observers arrestedrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germany
"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupycleveland"police mistake protesters bankers"  occupywallstreet  howtomakeitinamerica  nypd  brooklynbridge  newyorkrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt.watch  occupywallstreet video  replace "bankers" "jews" & tell diff & nazi propagandart"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupycleveland"jail bankers" love jailing people land free  usurp power instead  ows
rtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viamassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive washingtonsqpark  nyc  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed >>rtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrti wonder 1% getting nervous. massive. washingtonsqpark  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet  nypd overwhelmed (cont)top story massive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallst... twitpic
rtnypd released video officer warning occupy wall street protestors arrested walked bklyn bridge roadway  cnnrtplease verify  nypd told warned protesters entering roadway. reason 4 this?rtknow steer trouble nypd broadway bomb    longboard  nyc  longboardingrtnypd releases video claiming warning    nypd leading  ows onto roadrttomorrow 2pm egyptians  occupywallstreet supporting 2 vote abroad supporting  newyork  takewallstreet  sept17i run internet radio www.tdrn.net broadcasting special occupy wall st movement tonightrtknow steer trouble nypd broadway bomb    longboard  nyc  longboardingmovie review |  road freedom  ‘the road freedom ’ directed brendan moriarty — review “the road t...rtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadtaking brooklyn bridge. walkway road.  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesparents kids attend  autism friendly matinee lion king broadway.   disability  artsrtbroadcast revolution. occupyphotos.net volunteers wantedoccupy  99  revolutionrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrtrt   needsofphillyoccupiers send donations pobox 1229chestnut pmb248 phila pa 19107 dropoff broad&jfk  occupyphillyrtknow awesome  occupywallstreet video team is? broadcast live paddy wagonsreuters makes mention nypd giving  occupywallst protesters access brooklyn bridge roadway.this democracy? nypd  occupywallstreet protesters onto brooklyn bridge  lead roadway  trap nets arrest them.hideki irabu lost road  mlbjp  hanshin  npbrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnesses
rtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrtrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.rtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentjust amtrak ticket wednesday...hope guys strong  wait joinrtrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.rt "moveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percent"rtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrtrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.rtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrtback pa tonight   occupydc wednesday. don leave york...  ll back.rtrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentfuree join wednesday  3:30 p.m. furee office  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet wednesday.rtrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrtrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.rtrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percent
there time republicans senseoccupywallst  occupyuk look pic.tax pledges lose allure eyes reform hundreds republicans signed  including six the...vote republican banks corps.& rich & pay & else & payour hope pres. obama. republicans declare war world  including average americansheman cain candidacy republican presidential nominee imploded.    herman cain  u.s. president  republicansrthow movement go? la “we re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreet”rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetanother fake crisis manufactured radical republicans advance ideology  regardless human costrtows  takewallstreet occupy wall street scare republicans jonathan alter   businessweekrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtlawd shirt rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreet   teamfollowback  oustopressionrtfind agree on. libertarians anarchists  democrats republicans. re 99%. demand?  occupywallstrtrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreet /// ummm...no reallynearly half republicans don  gop  means nearly half grand party don kn...cantor blames obama wall st. protests no. 2 republican house swiped political rivals friday ...watch sample republican base hank williams  jr =>   ignoranthatertdon democrats  occupywallstreet republicans tea party.  ffs please don happen.  owsrtrepublican?   democrat?   pissed off? yes    join protests help shape direction  occupywallstreetyes. yes  yes  yes. rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtdear  obama   republican   independent. truly  lifelong  democratic voter  occupywallst
¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo    vamosacambiarelmundo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  real democracy   firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo    vamosacambiarelmundo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo registro maravilla¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo
rtmust // rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet   4jobsthis guy kicks ass   marry   rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt“best takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  videomust // rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet   4jobsrtmust // rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet   4jobsrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet"i nypd lt. nice takedown kid orange shirt."   nypd  occupywallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetplus detect philly accent rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmust // rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet   4jobsfabulous    rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmust // rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet   4jobsrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
occupywallstreet | proposed list demands (please help edit/add submitted...)   takewallstreet  ows7 core demands  occupywallstreet movement   15oct  takewallstreet  owsoccupywallstreet cnn reported  demands unorganized. paying attention nycrt"go bank america monday morning money out. don demands  re criminals."  occupywallstrti reasonable start  10 demands wall street protesters   ows  usdor"specific" understand message & demands. am 99%  occupywallstreetrtrtlong sought demands impeachment corrupt s.c. justice clarence thoma...wish u. love talk demands w/ur leadership. ideas. solidarity  xo aort"go bank america monday morning money out. don demands  re criminals."  occupywallstrt"go bank america monday morning money out. don demands  re criminals."  occupywallstsomeone tell  occupywallst add list demands kristen wiig fishnets.rtdo quiet down. local demands. war. 9/11 tactics illegal laws.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet protester demands fed    understand issues  2 boardwhy demands  occupydc ? isn national movement?rtthe  occupywallstreet demands laughably bad  teaparty fans responsible peopleoccupy wall street   official demands"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandaren bad wall street people please pay fancy shmancy demands?blog post andrew breitbart demands  occupywallstreet denounce imaginary racism   p2  topprog  usdorblog post andrew breitbart demands  occupywallstreet denounce imaginary racism   p2  usdorquiet down. local demands. war. 9/11 tactics illegal laws.  occupywallstreet
soutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutienle mouvement contre wall street gagne de ampleurle mouvement occupy wall street commence à être pris au sérieux  viasoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutienle mouvement contre wall street gagne de l’ampleur  occupywallstreet|(bis) soutenons le mouvement  occupywallstreet pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutienrtsoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutiensoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutien
rtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreet
rtopednews   article democrats embrace occupy wall street    occcupywallstreet  usdorrthow movement go? la “we re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreet”looking gooda truly democratic party supportinggoldman sachs.  firm tends money democrats   liars  usdor  occupywallstreet  99percent  stopthemach2011  october6rtoccupywallstreet movement political parties. democratizing lives.rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtlawd shirt rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetwe cant  occupywallstreet labeled democratic  2 party system dsnt  dnt media define usrtrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreet   teamfollowback  oustopressionrtfind agree on. libertarians anarchists  democrats republicans. re 99%. demand?  occupywallstrtrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreet /// ummm...no reallyrtcivic space. press. elections. fundamental institutions  democratic society belong serve people.  usdorsupreme court justice thomas fire congressional democrats demanded ethics investigation thursday into...supreme court justice thomas fire congressional democrats demanded ethics investigation thursday into...rtdon democrats  occupywallstreet republicans tea party.  ffs please don happen.  owssupreme court justice clarence thomas hiding payout wife house democrats  viademocratic awakening taking place. u.s. fall responding arab spring.  occupywallstreet  smileyandwest  occupyscotlandrtgoldman sachs.  firm tends money democrats   usdor  occupywallstreet  secretsrtthe protest wall st clarion call.  step forward path democratic republic. time come.  usdorrtgoldman sachs.  firm tends money democrats   usdor  occupywallstreet
the rules changing... howtomakeitinamerica please bear reset programs adjust country.  occupywallstwondering  howtomakeitinamerica ? look  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallst  owsrtwe     99%    silenced     reality  occupywallst  howtomakeitinamericarthowtomakeitinamerica  corporation. change  occupywallst.rthowtomakeitinamerica bet fake money fake money worth fake money tomorrow.  ourwallstreetrtworkhouse pr firm  occupywallstreet   occupythenation  otn  ows  usdor  howtomakeitinamerica? occupywallstreet nypd love us.  howtomakeitinamericahowtomakeitinamerica  occupywallst  takewallstreetyou board sending crazy dm robot?  occupydenver  occupywallstreet  howtomakeitinamericartworkhouse pr firm  occupywallstreet   occupythenation  otn  ows  usdor  howtomakeitinamericaoccupywallstreet rtrta steal money suit gun.  howtomakeitinamericahowtomakeitinamerica bet fake money fake money worth fake money tomorrow.  ourwallstreetthanks updates  support guam   sep17  occupywallstreet   howtomakeitinamericarthell yes rtrtwondering  howtomakeitinamerica ? look  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreethowtomakeitinamerica  occupywallstreet  get_realrtwondering  howtomakeitinamerica ? look  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallst  owsrtworkhouse pr firm  occupywallstreet   occupythenation  otn  ows  usdor  howtomakeitinamericartworkhouse pr firm  occupywallstreet   occupythenation  otn  ows  usdor  howtomakeitinamerica"police mistake protesters bankers"  occupywallstreet  howtomakeitinamerica  nypd  brooklynbridge  newyorkhowtomakeitinamerica search  occupywallstreet 99%howtomakeitinamerica search  occupywallstreet 99%
rtthis cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.   occupywallstreetrtthis cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.rtstunned twitter actually banning  occupywallstreet tag trending. 500 people arrested tonight.great crowd tonight.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet labor solidarity tomorrow professors.rtnypd arrested nyt reporter twelve girl tonight. played  goons   occupywallstreetrtnypd arrested nyt reporter twelve girl tonight. played  goons   occupywallstreetrtnypd arrested nyt reporter twelve girl tonight. played  goons   occupywallstreetrtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.rtwent bytonight. crowd enthusiastic speeches despite arrest 700 & growing chill...rtstunned twitter actually banning  occupywallstreet tag trending. 500 people arrested tonight.rtthis cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.   occupywallstreetrtnypd disgraced themselves tonight. help noticing supervisors aggressive. "white shirts" meme.  ows““nypd arrested nyt reporter twelve girl tonight. played  goons   occupywallstreet””rtnypd disgraced themselves tonight. help noticing supervisors aggressive. "white shirts" meme.  owsrtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.rtnypd shot killed woman midtown homeless shelter tonight.   occupywallstreetrtstunned twitter actually banning  occupywallstreet tag trending. 500 people arrested tonight.i unsafe living near nyse tonight.  occupywallstreet mt200 people tried storm barricades ?

lost memory skin   russell banks   book reviewrtoccupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  viartthanks russell simmons   occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreetrtrussell simmons call 100 000 join youcornell west house   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wiunionrussell simmons joined  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  sept17  october6  occupyamerica  antibanks  anticorp  stopthemach2011  usdorwas russell simmons using people mic?  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  viarussell wilson creates national championship buzz wisconsin football ...occupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  viaunclerush russell simmons  american dream "power people mot wallstreet"  occupywallstreet  fbrtrttroydavis friend ledra sullivan russell funeral:"he prisoner  657378. h… (cont)i feel nypd reacted though.. little.rtmichael moore inspector bologna sign atthen russell simmons.rtoccupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  viamore news. russell simmons  co founder def jam  when/after nypd messed audio   hugertrussell simmons joined  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  sept17  october6  occupyamerica  antibanks  anticorp  stopthemach2011  usdorreports russell simmons site tonight via.wisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17 badgers’ star quarterback  russell...russell wilson creates national championship buzz wisconsin football ... wisconsin senior quarterback...rtoccupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  viartoccupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  via

rtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreet"all happened  happen again."  knowhistory  takewallstreet  occupydallas  99%rtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreeteveryone seedennis  searing war doc "hell again." 4 star review fromrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreet
the crashed world    occupywallstreet  globalchange  globalrevolutionrtwelcomeoccupygainesville  occupyflorida     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorplease   > upcoming  occupy events        occupywallstreet  usrevolution     globalchange  usdor viartwelcomeoccupyalbany  occupynewyork     ows  usrevolution     o15  globalchange  usdor  the99%  99percentrtwelcomeoccupycolumbus  occupyohio     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtallaroundtheworld  reasons15o entodoelmundo  razones15o unidglobalchangertrtanonymous  occupywallstreet  call  action     usrevolution  globalchange  o15  newyork  wallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  globalchange déclaration de ny en pdfwelcome tooccupywallstreet  ows  ows  15o  frenchrevolution  europeanrevolution  globalchange  occupytogether  solidarity plsolidarity  99percent  occupywallstreet  15o  worldrevolution 15.10.2011 united  globalchange   o15rise  o15  99percent  occupywallstreet  worldrevolution 15.10.2011 united  globalchange   15o  15mrise  o15  99percent  occupywallstreet  worldrevolution 15.10.2011 united  globalchange  15o  15mrtwelcomeoccupygainesville  occupyflorida     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtwelcomeoccupymichigan     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdor  the99%  99percentrtwelcome    occupynewyork  occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  globalchange  usdor  the99%rtgracias la policía de york. nunca habríamos podido pagar campaña publicitaria tan grande de cara al  15o.  globalchange  occupywallstrtgracias la policía de york. nunca habríamos podido pagar campaña publicitaria tan grande de cara al  15o.  globalchange  occupywallstrthello october   globalchange begins today.  15o  15m  nolesvotes  marchabruselas  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrti  nypd pr    viaoccupywallstreet  usdor  globalchangertwelcomeoccupycolumbus  occupyohio     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtgracias la policía de york. nunca habríamos podido pagar campaña publicitaria tan grande de cara al  15o.  globalchange  occupywallst
check video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viartcome  nypd arresting 700 protesters brooklyn bridge  time wisely. bikes safe instead.afsocs   "occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes"  p2  anonymous  ows  unionrtoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikesoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild  nypd officers motorbikes videonypd gone wild    nypd attacking occupy wall street protesters bikesoccupywallstreet   nypd attacking protesters motor bikescheck video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viacheck video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viartconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guardsoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikesa camera & internet hand. rtnypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes   owsrtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guardsrtnypd gone wild    nypd attacking occupy wall street protesters bikesrtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guardsrtcall nypd protest police officers ramming protestors motorbikes (646) 610 5000   cops involved fired tomorrow.rtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guardsoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikesrtnypd gone wild    nypd attacking occupy wall street protesters bikesrtrtlee ermey spokesman victory motorcycles. yeah  now. [go ...rtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guards
rtmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesrthere arrested development movie & tv episodes  explained mitch hurwitz nyer festival.ny times art news artsbeat blog mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodes...mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesthis   tastethehappy >> mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesrtso excited     mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesrthere arrested development movie & tv episodes  explained mitch hurwitz nyer festival.mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesrtmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodes   nytbest news ve heard day  mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie tv episodes   canwegetourhopeupnowmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesarrested development  movie  tv episodes  sunday afternoon  mr. hurwitz tossed f...rttens check  mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodes   nytimes.comrtyes   mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesrtmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodes  yaaaaaaaaaaayrthere arrested development movie & tv episodes  explained mitch hurwitz nyer festival.
rthej  multiversal occupiers. welcome age power connectivity. nice finally meet you.  solidarity  15oct  usdorrtwelcomeoccupygainesville  occupyflorida     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtrt $516 633 2010. welcome 99 percent movement.   occupywallstreetrtwelcome aboard chattanooga      occupyclarksvil   occupyknoxville  occupynashville  solidarity  usrevolution  occupywallstreetrtcan wait  rtthis wed   occupywallstreet welcomes  newoccupier. ll talking thurs  openforumrtwelcomeoccupyalbany  occupynewyork     ows  usrevolution     o15  globalchange  usdor  the99%  99percentrthej  multiversal occupiers. welcome age power connectivity. nice finally meet you.  solidarity  15oct  usdorrtplease join support occupy hawaii set 2 protest nov. 1. people/ideas welcome.rtwelcomeoccupycolumbus  occupyohio     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtwelcome modern age  media tyrants. losing control audiences.  losing market power.  occupywallstreet  usdorrtwelcome corporate america. population screwed.  occupywallstreet  owsrtwelcome modern age  media tyrants. losing control audiences.  losing market power.  occupywallstreet  usdortop10lies fox news admits lie   ows  occupywallstreet pass  welcometochicagortwelcome  occupysacramento   police threaten arrest occupiers don’t leave park     a99  opesr  ows  usdorwelcome tooccupywallstreet  ows  ows  15o  frenchrevolution  europeanrevolution  globalchange  occupytogether  solidarity plrtportland progressive city welcome liberators    occupypdx  occupyportland  usdorrtwelcomeoccupyslc  occupysaltlakecity  occupyutah     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     occupytogether  usdorrtwelcomeoccupygainesville  occupyflorida     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtwelcomeoccupymichigan     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdor  the99%  99percentrtwelcome    occupynewyork  occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  globalchange  usdor  the99%tomorrow 11 am  occupyhonolulu meet s. hotel & bethel. welcome support
jeff mangum playing  occupywallst type this. join listenrti biggest mangum fan  cool moment. news twitter  tuned live stream. internet. :)  occupywallsthow jeff mangum doing neutral milk hotel  occupywallst there???????this  jeffmangum solo set makes clamor visit west coast.  occupywallstreet (watch livestream.com)rthey jeff mangum playing  occupywallstreet. fuck hipsters didn go.the $4.6m bribe laptops  software  $ bonuses. likewise  doesn mangum intend similar appeal?  owsrtso thinkpieces now.  jeffmangum  occupywallstwatch jeff mangum surprise performance atmonday nightjeff mangum playing  occupywallst. weren home rooting corporate monolith  yanks def go. seriouslyin missed live  jeff mangum set  occupywallstreet tonightso apparently start hanging  occupywallst protest  jeff mangum cameos such.fuck imagine mangum now? heywhy aren  occupywallst??rtjeff mangum plays  occupywallstreet? wowza  radiohead?jeff mangum amazing   thank letting experience live stream.  occupytoronto  ows“:watch neutral milk hotel jeff mangum entire set occupywallstreet protestvideo jeff mangum live  occupywallstreet  10/4/11 // happened tonight.  mwrtin missed live  jeff mangum set  occupywallstreet tonightmangum playing  occupywallst live   damnholy crap  jeff mangum performed  occupywallstreet?jeff mangum holy shit  occupywallstthat awesome.  occupywallstreet able jeff fucking mangum. magical movement. ll soundgarden...
rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow coverage of& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm on.  solidarity rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow coverage of& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm on.  solidarity rtshow coverage& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow coverage& dpainfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow coverage& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow coverage& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& dpainfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rt
espn permanently removes hank williams jr.  monday night football  obama hitler comparison   fbrthank wiliams  jr. compares obama hitler. idiot.rtespn dumps hank williams jr.  monday night football  obama hitler comp..oh  major. compared obama hitler...rt video hank williams jr. compares pres hitler. morons gather  foxnews   foxliesafter comparing obama hitler foxnfriends  hank williams jr. dropped monday night footballrthelmo alert      country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama to... adolf hitler? ..rthank williams jr. compares president obama adolf hitler interview fox an..hank williams jr. compares barack obama adolf hitler   hank jr hank sr   wiunion  connecttheleft  wiprog  p2listen dick head. hank williams jr. likens obama hitler  tell nfl fire ass      wiunion  connectthelefthank wm jr fox compares obama hitler. ass  video      wiunion  connecttheleft  topprog  wiprog  p2  p21rtrtsinger mnf theme music  hank williams  jr.  compares obama hitler.rthitler abolished unions 1933  followed 25% drop real wages=ended ability workers protect living standards  unions  sept17i love thatrefers homeless looking "that"  seriously? hitler thinghank williams jr. compares obama hitlerrthank williams jr compares barack obama adolf hitler boycott nfl fire ass  boycottnflrtoh  major. compared obama hitler...rtespn dumps hank williams jr.from  monday night football  obama hitler comp.. william firedthey probably start holding pictures hitler  stalin racial slurs. cause thats effective... occupywallstreetrthitler abolished unions 1933  followed 25% drop real wages=ended ability workers protect living standards  unions  sept17rthank williams jr. career obama   hitler comparison  // maybe head injury...
rtinformed comment | visiting liberty square is.gd/infwgl   juan cole  occupywallstreet //  tunesia  egypt  spain mirroredoccupywallstreet  continue  libertysquare nationwide  recommend watch 10 min documentarythese comments stop togetheras americans solve name callingthe double standards press stop.a comment rude denagrading stop"nypd appreciate support ll ours afterwords  occupywallstreet" commerce adverse sponsoroccupywallst bogus  comment   ows  p2  tlot  topprog  teaparty  sgp  tpp  tcot  ocra  glennbeck  phnmoccupywallstreet bogus  & repeat comment    ows  occupywallstoccupywallstreet bogus  teaparty  comment   ows  occupywallst  p2  tlot  topprog  tcotrtyou movement success classic 60s protest/revolution songs top comments saying  occupywallstreetrtrtlot people commenting  occupywallstreet grew  legit now.    owsrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtyou movement success classic 60s protest/revolution songs top comments saying  occupywallstreetyou control news papers  tv outlets  massive commercial organizations money... control internetteen arrested vowing  killing spree  youtube comments ...rtrtoccupydc march chamber commerce begins early. folks clockwork.  oct6rtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.i definitely recommend homicide life streets  nypd blue betterhave politicians publicly commented  occupywallstreet ?and repub comments “mitt romney calls  occupywallst protests "class warfare"michael hudson real news   comments nyc protests obama (towards end)rtpeople call  occupywallst misguided uninformed etc  actually audacity stand  & comment
rt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtrt3 4 lgest financial instituts bigger b4  financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtrt3 4 lgest financial instituts bigger b4  financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtrt3 4 lgest financial instituts bigger b4  financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtrt3 4 lgest financial instituts bigger b4  financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallst

rtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtthe deadline approaches. spd &want  occupyseattle out. national support. call (206)684 4000  occupywallstreetrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share links
rt  occupywallst  infowars obama election financed goldman sachs  people reelect wallst frontman?rtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtyes  days ago mtunknown armless man?  jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetyes  days ago mtunknown armless man?  jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreethow truman? occupywallstreet  occupybostonrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtexcuse  wlf believe. spokesman? widdledoffoccupywallst  infowars obama election financed goldman sachs  people reelect wallst frontman?rtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreet
rtneedsoftheoccupiers rtoccupyatlanta generator  blankets  sleeping bags  tents  tables  medical & digital media suppliesawesome “this amazing tribute genius jobs viasteve jobs’s patentsrtcatalogo de genialidad rtstevejobs  apple patents  1980s computer ios based devicesrta cop walking telling people "no illegal erections" (tents  etc) people filming it. haha.  occupywallstreet_only_ hundreds seventeen rtsteve jobs’s patentsrtthere 80 tents  occupyphilly encampmentrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsdoes tents  unable pitch tents  (cont)rtsteve jobs’s patents. infografía interactiva   stevejobs viaoccupyseattle alive despite wet tents. soggy 99%occupywallstreet  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers "tents & sleeping bags  " drop donations city hall northrtwired.com homepage absolute beautiful steve jobs homage. alsointeractive feature 317 patentsrthas food & water  dry clothes  tents  phone chargers  tarps  wet weather gear.  occupyamerica  usdor  anonrtdoes tents  unable pitch tents  tarps  rain ponchos  blanketsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentswelcome  occupyseattle   police tents  arrests     a99  opesr  usdor  occupywallstreet  ows  endthefedrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtoccupyla logistics  needsoftheoccupiers  "tents & sleeping bags  " drop donations city hall northrtneedsoftheoccupiers rtoccupyatlanta generator  blankets  sleeping bags  tents  tables  medical & digital media suppliesrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tents
rtoccupywallstreet america plotted asian & african countries  own day come." dog day" (luv dat saying)rtplease join support occupy hawaii set 2 protest nov. 1. people/ideas welcome.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.everyone look thingsis doing. hopefully significant changes come.rtrtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins //rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtthe protest wall st clarion call.  step forward path democratic republic. time come.  usdorrtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rt"there powerful idea time come."     victor hugo  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  joinjam. come.  solidarity  owsrtthe protest wall st clarion call.  step forward path democratic republic. time come.  usdorit time time come. taking hoped    usdoryou arrest idea time come.  occcupywallstreet  occupymilwaukee  wiunion   usdorrtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rt"there powerful idea time come."     victor hugo  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  joinrtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.a.c.c. falls short critical measure success a.c.c. isn’t  except come...  (via nyt)rt"there powerful idea time come."     victor hugo  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  join
““in front  nyse.  occupywallstreet  ows  classwarrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdin front  nyse.  occupywallstreet  ows  classwarout front ny sports club street  nyse.  occupywallstreet  nosuchluckfortheelite"this art exhibit street  nyse. police 2 busy protecting bankers 2 care bout her.trolling 1  stfw 4 drug affairs brokers nyse 2  send info 2 nypd & media. 3  call 4 9 dogs nyse. 4  ????? 5  profitrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdthis art exhibit street  nyse. police 2 busy protecting bankers 2 care bout her.rtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrtanonymous 10 oct 3:30 pm est | target nyse.com | irc link  | poster   invadewallstreet  voxanonrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrt““retweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral   (cont)“this art exhibit street  nyse. police 2 busy protecting bankers 2 care bout her.retweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypd
immigration stance  occupywallst protesters probably similar  koch bros.  notsurprising  p2  tlot  topprog  tcot  sgprt700demonstrators arrested brooklyn bridge; similar protests spread citiesrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetplans bring demonstration similar  occupywallst philadelphia city hall starting 9 a.m. thursday.rtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtsimilarities “occupy wall street” ny & arab spring movement tahrir square cairo byrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetthey similar tactics rnc 08 protests  andwere covering  occupywallstrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet
rt100s protesters kettled decks brooklyn bridge. cops systematically arresting  loading nypd buses. happening.rtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtbestdarnkettlecorn sale   50%  rts secret sales weekrtthe york times "500 people" kettled bridge police.    takewallstreetrtinjustice  kettle  bridges  bays  parks plazas  thoughgrows stronger + symbolic.. bold  occupyearthrt"100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrt“100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”rtthis witnessed saturday brooklyn bridge  including briefly kettled cops pedestrian lanertrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrt“100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”rt“100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”rtrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?   ows  takewallstreetrtrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?   ows  takewallstreetrtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrt“100+ arrests confirmed  brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”beatdarnkettlecorn sale   50%  rts secret sales weekbestdarnkettlecorn sale   50%  rts secret sales weekrtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetany 1 cop person. kettle  immoral.
rtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorthe federal reserve issue....   occupywallstreet  occupytulsa  ows  usdor  tulsa  anonymousrt.rtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdor  owsrtvideo ben bernanke wealth gap issue.  occupy  ows  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrt. rtgovernment (& corporate) corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdor  ows  occupymemphisvideo ben bernanke wealth gap issue.  occupy  ows  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtvideo ben bernanke wealth gap issue.  occupy  ows  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdor
severe thunderstorm warning issued nyc. strong winds hailreported.dionne aids plea clinton singer dionne warwick issued challenge former president bill clinton d...bikenyc wear helmet  mtsevere storm warning issued nyc   quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtrta severe storm warning issued nyc   quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtof course happens day wearing alaia heels :i rtsevere storm warning issued quarter sized hail/60 mph windsrta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.severe storm warning issued 4 nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph windsoccupydc finally issued "platform" mark. congrats    occupybaltimore  occupywallstnycamber alert missing 2 girl jackson heights  york (wabc)    nypd issued amber alert for...rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtrta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized (cont)rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds. << nicecbsny police issued amber alert 2 queens girl. @ cbsnewyork.comdionne aids plea clinton singer dionne warwick issued challenge former president bill clinton d...rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.just luck rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing (cont)rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rt “a severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.
solyndra called mistake wasn dirty loans main subject  2008?   occupywallstreetmurdoch called  occupywallstreet terrorists&will media (murdoch 70%)coveragetoitdiscussis failing now. called 20 min ago here. angry.rtwe waking called "american dream" & realizing "american nightmare"occupywallstreettop story nurses called dr.?   nytimes.comgov. christie called fred wilpon twice | york daily news journalism career intern  ...rtr tired cold & wet? called leaders losers leave em & join winning   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetnypd heard little called america re told re free?  really? girls bike half?rthere picture mobile nypd watchtower. called "skywatch" one..have called national lawyer guild yet?   ph. (212) 679 5100 pls arrests  usdorwe called nypd:beulah. nighter. liveit time masks fall truth revealed.the nation serve called wall street.invade free usand nyt public editors worse useless called issues.rtshameful > rtwasn trent reznor called  cunt   ignorant pig ?  ukuncutooh  offended called disgusting tweet. excuse  life 1 terrorist won up.rthey trolling critics  occupywallstreet  create own movement called  isupportcorruptioninbankingcorpsandgovernmentsomeguy called fool..because protesters  occupywallstreet didn vote ron paul.rtif called  process managed entrenched interests. wedge amendments.  usdorthis ugly. media look stupid. don talk them. trap. called "sound bytes."  occupywallstreetdo nurses priviledge called doctors?   doctorates health care  fight titleboston called capital england
ny bus workers   union suing  nypd abusing authority buses  ows paddy wagons   bloomberg5 paddywagons 5 dpw trucks 10 markd cop cars 5 unmarked  occupysf   occupypolicestate  occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011rtknow awesome  occupywallstreet video team is? broadcast live paddy wagonswhole world watching paddy wagons / wall cops  live   occupytogether   occupywallstnyc  anonymousrt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”undercover brother nypd collaring street robber  deepdeepundercoverrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers islan… (cont)rtfrom  occupywallstreet er paddywagon "just left central told taking 2 midtow… (cont)rtparty hacks fence knock  occupywallstreet  unlike electeds won play paddy cake corporationsrt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rtrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreetrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge. (via)  occupywallstrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island (cont)rttransport workers union goes court stop nypd using mta buses  occupywallstreet paddy wagonsmust art appreciation day nypd «nypd rolling ten vans  paddy wagons suvs wall st (cont)rtnypd rolling ten vans  paddy wagons suvs wall st  nocomment art underway. clue re planning  owsrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreetrtby nypd  load paddy wagons head count  don call bodies citizens     occupywallstreet“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rtrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet
rtbreaking 5th passenger east river helicopter crash pronounced deadcabbie nypd delivered ultimatum punched  bitten passengerrtqueens museum considers selling rooftop ad space eyes plane passengersrtqueens museum considers selling rooftop ad space eyes plane passengersrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riveryeah (was?) sick passenger qboro. currently stuck btwn 36th/39th myself.the passengers helicopter crashed east river  tourists u.k.rtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter...rtcorrection passenger east river helicopter crash diedrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger ha… (cont)rtbreaking 5th passenger east river helicopter crash pronounced deadrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtbreaking 5th passenger east river helicopter crash pronounced deadrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtrtpassengers helicopter crashed east river believed uk touristsrteast river helicopter crash 5th passenger removed water nypd rescue units.oh thank god  americans danger. rthelicopter update passengers britain & australiarthelicopter update body missing passenger brought police divers
rtabolish federal govt  seen  occupywallst placard. um   legislate capitalists hate?rtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17russell wilson creates national championship buzz wisconsin football .... ? brooklyn wilson st division ave animal rights location nypd scenertthose chinatown buses nyc boston beyond kept prices low fashioned hustle. oh  guns. storyrtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17rtwilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17rtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17weiss wilson worth wiskywisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17wisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17 badgers’ star quarterback  russel...ha ha   cornhuskers. rotflmao rtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17 nyti.ms/o8sdavrti guessing night riker cure  occupywallstreet jackassery.wisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17 badgers’ star quarterback  russell...russell wilson creates national championship buzz wisconsin football ... wisconsin senior quarterback...wisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17 badgers’ star quarterback  russel...the spree wilson joint soundtrack  occupywallstreet thuggish shit  resolve day kidsrtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17ap incentive program proves w/ expectations & rigorous classes kids achieve   edreform vianytimessports wisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17all  profile gone.
rt“over 1.25 million people worldwide seen  pepperspray video. tread carefully   nypd.  thewholeworldiswatching”rtover 1.25 million people worldwide seen  pepperspray video. (cont)“over 1.25 million people worldwide seen  pepperspray video. tread carefully   nypd.”rtget bandanas/masks on. nypd fuckers pepperspray happy. safe  ows  takewallstreetrtover 1.25 million people worldwide seen  pepperspray video. tread carefully   nypd.  thewholeworldiswatchingrtphoto cop sprays  occupywallstreet protester pepperspray tonight mayhem financial districtrtover 1.25 million people worldwide seen  pepperspray video. tread carefully   nypd.  thewholeworldiswatchingsign stop bologna pepperspraying  viaourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetwhy violent?   nypd   occupywallstreetbeating & pepperspraying activistsrtupdated 200 people tried storm barricades wall street  nypd launched pepperspray & baton attacksmtcheck opednews dc pepperspray video.  occupydc  occupykstrtphoto cop sprays  occupywallstreet protester pepperspray tonight mayhem financial districtrtget bandanas/masks on. nypd fuckers pepperspray happy. safe  ows  takewallstreetrti posted anphoto cop pepperspraying  occupywallstreet protester live coverage pageconfirmed rtpeople maced peppersprayed trying enter air space museum. thi le ...mtcheck opednews dc pepperspray video.rtover 1.25 million people worldwide seen  pepperspray video. tread carefully   nypd.  thewholeworldiswatchingrthey mayorrtover 1.25 million people worldwide seen  pepperspray video  thewholeworldiswatchingrtrtphoto cop sprays  ows protester pepperspray tonight mayhem financial districtrtphoto cop sprays  occupywallstreet protester pepperspray tonight mayhem financial districtrtnew york ny police dep inspector tony bologna caught video pepperspraying 2nd people  occupywallstreet [5]
far region piles debt portugal finance ministry investigating wealthy region’s accounts a...rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.nypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.nypd investigating itself. yeah  sounds honest & legit.rtsounds house panel investigating fema due own political agendartnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtrtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtis handling rt...is investigating  occupywallstreet hasnt trending?rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rt“nypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.”rtrtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.far region piles debt portugal finance ministry investigating wealthy region’s accounts a...saline police investigating multiple reports stolen tools   annarbor.com   toolsnypd investigating officer  bologna using pepper spray peaceful protesters.news region piles debt portugal finance ministry investigating wealthy region’...   newsrtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.

rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  globalrevolution arrives usa   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  15oct  15m  takewallstreet(video) occupywallstreet  globalrevolution arrives usa   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  15oct  15m  takewallstreet(video) occupywallstreet  globalrevolution arrives usa    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  15oct  15m  takewallstreet(video) occupywallstreet  globalrevolution arrives usa   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  15oct  15m  ows  otnfear loathing las vegas   ows  occupylasvegas  occupywallstreet  otn  globalrevolution  ourwallstreetrtrtfreebrad song   tcot  gopows  occuppywallstreet  ourwallstreet  bradleymanningrtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rt star tribune 1 1/2 weeks occupation   takewallstreet  occupymn  ows  ourwallstreetrtas reporters hit & macedchanges opinion  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupy america social network  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupy america    list worldwide “occupy” events   occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtamazing day 15   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet makes usatoday coveragertrtthe truth apathy biggest threat movement. stand   occupywallstreeet  ourwallstreetrtwe streets  stopped traffick  millenium parkourwallstreet  occupychisolidarityrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetrtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtkeep  occupywallstreet    groo000ooow    takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   please  solidarityrteveryone try record badge lawsuits. feel free tweet them.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetnypd manhattan precincts 1 23 citywide 1 3 live scanner audio feed  viaourwallstreet  takewallstreet
rtoccupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  viartthanks russell simmons   occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreetrtrussell simmons call 100 000 join youcornell west house   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wiunionrussell simmons joined  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  sept17  october6  occupyamerica  antibanks  anticorp  stopthemach2011  usdorwas russell simmons using people mic?  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  viartkiss rocker gene simmons shannon tweedoccupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  viaunclerush russell simmons  american dream "power people mot wallstreet"  occupywallstreet  fbrtmichael moore inspector bologna sign atthen russell simmons.rtoccupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  viamore news. russell simmons  co founder def jam  when/after nypd messed audio   hugertrussell simmons joined  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  sept17  october6  occupyamerica  antibanks  anticorp  stopthemach2011  usdorreports russell simmons site tonight via.channel surfing  gene simmons family jewels    nytimes.com checking season "gene simmons fami...rtoccupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  viartoccupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  viarussell simmons supports  occupywallstreet   hiphoped  capitalism  sept17  bwbrussell simmons "the growing gap rich poor " biggest issue ...the man. rtoccupywallstreet russell simmons "i am united government raise taxes"rtrussell simmonsi bring hundreds thousands ‘occupy wall ...
rtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreet
rtit takes 20 minutes shift blame   occupywallstrtrtchanges reprt  occupywallst after20 mins shifting blame police2 protesters.rtit takes 20 minutes shift blame   occupywallstawlaki strike u.s. shift drones terror fight    fly.. bird. bombrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetshifting suburban paradigm lake flatothinking homes key future suburba...rthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreethow ny times shifted blame  occupy bridge arrests 20 minutes  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetnytimes term  supreme court shifts focus crime amendmenti jealous sounds fun  3rd shift time. rttoo cold slee...rthow ny times shifted blame  occupy bridge arrests 20 minutes  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnytimes pulls 1984 rewrites history shift blame  occupywallstreet protestors.rthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrtmichael j. drake  planetary scientist  dies 65. dr. drake remained devoted idea end:...rthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrtit takes 12 minutes ny times shift blame...   usdor  occupywallstreet““it takes 20 minutes shift blame  occupywallstreet  via””congressional effort cut debit card charges retailers merely shifted ... congressional rules changing...rthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrtrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrtthe morning shift hot coffee. :)  needsoftheoccupiers  solidarity
rtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germany420alert  nypd chief stop 2 improper  marijuana arrests fri.  justice  hitechcj  mmot  police  420  kush  herb  cannabis  team420rtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtalert:heavy rain showers developing offshore moving towards  occupywallst 1 3 hours. readynews alert germany votes expand euro bailout fund  |  nytalert cair ny meeting dismantle nypd counterterrorism unit oct 4   radical  islam  a4a  tcot  nycrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtalert:heavy rain showers developing offshore moving towards  occupywallst 1 3 hours. readyrtalert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.legal observers arrestedrt:o rtnyt news alert steven p. jobs  co founder apple  diesaction_alert happily allow legit  occupy advise events & livetweet demos direct access account  occupywallstrtalert:heavy rain showers developing offshore moving towards  occupywallst 1 3 hours. readyhelmo alert country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama ... celeste katz ready s...rt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrt alert   humanity danger chemtrails   latetrend alert thigh bootsrtmtfabmeets  needsoftheoccupiers   occupywallstreet &thankrtmtfabmeets  needsoftheoccupiers   occupywallstreet &thankrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyapprantly arrest teams sent. unconfirmed  stay alert.
rtobama 100% owned wall street . clue people .  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetcspj  tcot  news  tlot  cnn  fox  p2rtwe re following lead  york. re 100%rtagree 100%  occupywallstreet crowd hilarious clueless. trendy clothes drinking cocacola sounds revolutionrti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13right  w/u 100%     occupywallstreet  anarchist homerti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rtrtobama 100% owned wall street . clue people .  takewallstreet  occupywallstree… (cont)rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13ows  occupywallstreet accurately represents 100% radical democrat agenda   tcolt  tlot  goprti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rtrtobama 100% owned wall street . clue people .  takewallstreet  occupywallstree… (cont)rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13thinking  occupywallst protest.  ll proceed punch 100% 99%ers face.  gogetajobrti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rtrtobama 100% owned wall street . clue people .  takewallstreet  occupywallstree… (cont)bravo  hope cause grows  rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13

today york times magazine dedicated topics food & drink. couple articles food etiquette.rtannouncement   dedicated livestream 4  occupywallstreet  nyc   globalrevolution dc"the united grid"  textured grid design dedicated  occupywallstreet andrea pacione 9/2011  twitterartsmall dedicated seattle solidarity  takewallstreettonight song dedicated solidarity fellow  political  prisoners  occupywallstreet  soad   prison song««announcement   dedicated livestream 4  occupywallstreet (cont)rtannouncement   dedicated livestream 4  occupywallstreet  nyc   globalrevolution dcrtannouncement   dedicated livestream 4  occupywallstreet  nyc   globalrevolution dcrtannouncement   dedicated livestream 4  occupywallstreet  nyc   globalrevolution dcrtannouncement   dedicated livestream 4  occupywallstreet  nyc   globalrevolution dcrtannouncement   dedicated livestream 4  occupywallstreet  nyc   globalrevolution dcrtannouncement   dedicated livestream 4  occupywallstreet  nyc   globalrevolution dclol dedicated hwap  occupywallst. aenima fitsrtannouncement   dedicated livestream 4  occupywallstreet  nyc   globalrevolution dcdedicated ceos cfos personal   occupywallstreet  psychologicalhiphopwarfarededicated ceos cfos personal     hiphiped  occupywallstreet  psychologicalhiphopwarfarertarnold schwarzenegger ogles 8 foot bronze statue (of himself) austrian museum (dedicated himself)rtannouncement   dedicated livestream 4  occupywallstreet  nyc   globalrevolution dchoward zinn people history united   dedicated brothers & sisters  occupywallstreet””i am curating list blog sites dedicated  occupywallstreet   add list     99percent share thisi am curating list blog sites dedicated  occupywallstreet   add list     99percent share this
immigration stance  occupywallst protesters probably similar  koch bros.  notsurprising  p2  tlot  topprog  tcot  sgpoccupywallst  ows tools illegal activity profiteering  banksters   immigration  afire  p2  tlot  topprogbanksters  corrupt businesses  corrupt pols ? mass  immigration   occupywallst tools.  p2  tlot  topprog  owskoch funds mass  immigration advocates &  occupywallst tools support too.  hmmm  p2  tlot  topprog  ows  tcot  ocra  sgpon  immigration   occupywallst tools  banksters   hmmmm  p2  tlot  topprog  tcot  ocra  gopcfr (aka  bankster central) ??? mass  immigration. "opponents"  occupywallst   p2  tlot  topprogoccupywallst bogus  supports mass  immigration  banksters &  cfr yfrog.com/o0zm3wuj  p2  tlot  topprog  gopoccupywallst  immigration stance corrupt banks & businesses yfrog.com/o0zm3wuj  coinkydink   p2  tlot  topprogoccupywallstreet  immigration position *enriches bankers*.  ows = bogus.  occupywallst  p2  tlot  topprog  tcot  teaparty  sgpdeportation force nadia & mom leave  including....   immigration  dreamactalabama officials start enforcing nation toughest immigration lawrtrtimmigrants own 48% n.y. businesses  viaimmigrationrtimmigrants own 48% n.y. businesses  viaimmigrationrtstop deporting harmless  immigrants pose risk   feds expel anyway   immigrationcompanies immigration crackdown profitalabama immigration law upheldexcellent rtaddressing misperceptions mexican immigrationrtupdate nadia & family receive temporary repreive deportation  viaimmigrationalabama officials start enforcing nation toughest immigration law alabama arizona. autho...alabama officials start enforcing nation toughest immigration law alabama arizona. autho...room debate running commentary news doe struck texas statute denied publ...   immigration
rtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtonly 12% americans trust congress.  lowest institution.   usdor  occupydc  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas home depot lowes  needsoftheoccupiers // corporate shill   tcotrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet“would patio umbrellas  home depot lowes" revolution  blood streetsrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet
nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners      (ap) ap   reda shata considered partner new...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...
rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rtwall street protesters continue rally  ignite national movement?    occupywallstreetrttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?is partnership  teaparty & wall street money preventing covering  occupywallstreet  ows national movement?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?what involvment occupy movement?  movement  revolution  peaceful protest what?  occupywallstnyc  occupypdxwhy demands  occupydc ? isn national movement?rtrtrtwill express solidarity  occupywallstreet movement?  ourwallstreetrtrtprovocative 1st question informative convo:. "what accomplish?" larger movement?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi day. day commit ourselves  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?i ed supported movement?  heckling?rt 16 days  occupywallstreet   zero counter protest. "pro banker" movement? exactly. 72% public "tax the...rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?so happens military fights country  military decides join  occupywallst movement?rt16 days  occupywallstreet   zero counter protest. "pro banker" movement? exactly. 72% public "tax rich "rtrtwill express solidarity  occupywallstreet movement?  ourwallstreet
rtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtrtthe unequal distribution wealth/income major country industrialized world  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallst
rtmtoccupywallstreet. text (347) 260.1421 messages projected building street protesters see.rtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstcute  hats sunglasses umbrellas junk evil capitalists..tsk tsk tsk   stupid  p2  occupywallstreet  gameonsgp  dayofrage  dor  occupywallstreet  liberal  stupid  needsoftheoccupiers  news francesfxpiven putyour bib onu feeding uchantsdidfrancesfxpiven putyour bib onu feeding uchants lol  sgp  dor  occupywallstreet  liberal  stupid  needsoftheoccupiers  usefulidiotsdidfrancesfxpiven putyour bib onu feeding uchants lol  sgp  dor  occupywallstreet  liberal  stupid  needsoftheoccupiers  usefulidiotsdidfrancesfxpiven putyour bib onu feeding uchants lol  sgp  dor  occupywallstreet  liberal  stupid  needsoftheoccupiers  usefulidiotsha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha raining  pouring ..ha ha ha  occupywallstreet  stupid  liberals  sgprthopegot yougroped/change $$changed hands tohis.  marxist  occupywallstreet  stupid  liberal  sgp  p2  ocra  sotrthopegot ugroped/change $changedfrom yr hand 2his  marxist  occupywallstreet  stupid  liberal  sgp  p2  sotneverending disillusionment liberals   occupywallstreet  occupyportland  stupid  usefulidiots  takewallstreet  ampatdidfrancesfxpiven putyour bib onu feeding uchants lol  sgp  dor  occupywallstreet  liberal  stupid  needsoftheoccupiers  usefulidiotsrtwell golly gee explain nypd determined stupid regarding  occupywallstreetoccupywallst  99%  65% usa re lazy stupid?rtorders police lead stupid protesters illegal arrest  lol pwnt  occupywallstreet  nypd"when stupid doing ashamed  declares duty."  george shaw  occupywallstreet  usdorrtanother mass arrest  nypd? stupid be? bigger  occupywallstreeti love nydn lede  though. "are ready stupidity?"this ugly. media look stupid. don talk them. trap. called "sound bytes."  occupywallstreetdon talk media. 1%. ll look stupid w/ sound bytes.  occupywallstreetrtstupidquestion   occupywallstreet trending? twitter=jp morgan=wall street
rtstatement saying "i didn fight wall st  fought america  stating15 20 marines headed nyc"rtoccupywallstreet "the marines coming protect protestors"  "i didn fight wall st. fought america." army ward reillyrtrtoccupywallstreet    marines coming protect protestors  | in5d alternative news | in...rtthank marines defending constitution protecting  occupywallstreet protesters  nypdrti ve met marine fifteen duty marines heading protect occupation police.  occupywallstreetdid marines  hoax??????????????????????????????“occupywallstreet    marines coming protect protestorsrtabsolutely amazing clip marines protect protesters   watch   usdor  occupyamericartus marines wall street protect protesters nypdrtwouw  jpmorgan donating 4.6 mill  nypd      wallstreet protestors getting help marines armyoccupywallstreet    marines coming protect protestors  | in5d alternative news | in5d.com |rtgod bless  marines. screw  nypd.   occupywallstreetrtabsolutely amazing clip marines protect protesters   watch   usdor  occupyamericaabsolutely amazing clip marines protect protesters   watch   usdor  occupyamericai  nypd balls spray marines  pepper spray  occupywallstreet lulzblog post marines coming  occupywallstreet protect protesters   usdor  p2  topprogblog post marines coming  occupywallstreet protect protesters   p2  topprog  usdorrtre marines. yes  duty.  veterans  99percent  occupywallstreetrtrtoccupywallstreet    marines coming protect protestors  | in5d alternative news | in...rtoh haiwe haz marinesrtoccupywallstreet   marines landed  zuccotti
purrspurrsoccupywallst  occupythetitanic  occupythehindenburg  occupymteverest  occupychineseredarmyhq  occupythekremlinrtdebtors  revolt    default en masse.  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  banking  finance  wallstreet   starve predators  ows  anonymousnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners      (ap) ap   reda shata considered partner new...rtwould help cops quit protecting bad cops  occupywallstreet >> rtfeel bad 4 nypd w/bad nypd.nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...rtoccupywallst  occupythetitanic  occupythehindenburg  occupymteverest  occupychineseredarmyhq  occupythekremlinnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...redacted? rtrt [redacted] starting hear  ows people post politics.  guess word spreading.nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...
rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreet
rtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parktests serious damage nova arm ivan nova forearm injury knock game 5 af...rtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square march & thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear park"foley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtrtwent rear park. crowd stretches worth  bway. wild guesstimate 2 3k park  ...rtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtlabor/community rally foley sq  seen steps 60 centre.  occupywallst arriving rearrtwent rear park. crowd stretches worth  bway. wild guesstimate 2 3k park  ...wall street. cavalry bringing rear. google nypd lawsuit re ...powerofthepeople rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear park twitpic.com/6vnd7irtin1968 & 69 sds  provoked chicago leos 2 action & claimed police brutality; media biting hook  line & sinker  look 4 mass chaos.  usdorwe soldiers iraq  veterans work.  wherearethejobs?   occupywallstreetfirearne assessments schools flawed  report report supports argument m...   edtour11  fixnclb
rtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtrtoccupydenver med supplies  latex gloves hand sanitizer biohazard containers especially  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers
heinous. rtnypd chained transman bathroom  humiliated verbally & physically.photo transgender ‘occupy wall street’ protester segregated  humiliated nypd arrest  detention...rtrtnypd chained transman bathroom  humiliated verbally & physically.  / arrested.rtbreast cancer survivor tsa humiliated chest pat double mastectomy ..rtnypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours; verbally & physically humiliated   occupywallstreet  lgbtrttransman humiliated nypd protest. check storyrttransgender  occupy wall street  protester segregated  humiliated nypd arrest  detention |gay...rtnypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours; verbally & physically humiliated   occupywallstreet  lgbttransgender  occupy wall street  protester segregated  humiliated nypd arrest  detention  vianypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours; verbally & physically humiliated   occupywallstreet  lgbtwas transgender  occupy wall street  protester segregated  humiliated nypd arrest  detentiontransgender  occupy wall street  protester segregated  humiliated nypd arrest  detention  viabreast cancer survivor tsa humiliated chest pat ...transgender  occupywallstreet protester segregated  humiliated  nypd arrest   detention   lgbttrans protestor humiliated nypd officers arrested |  viartrtnypd chained transman bathroom  humiliated verbally & physically.  / arrested.rttrans protestor humiliated nypd officers arrested |rttransman humiliated nypd protest. check storytransman humiliated nypd protest. check storyrttransgender male humiliated abused nypd following occupy wall street arrest... read statement:...transgender  occupy wall street  protester segregated  humiliated nypd arrest  detention  via
rtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viamassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive washingtonsqpark  nyc  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed >>rtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet  nypd overwhelmed (cont)top story massive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallst... twitpicrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed
rtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdor"we afford corporate greed corrupt politics set policies nation"rtlawrence lessig accuses u.s. congress corruption thecollegian   rootstrikers  usdorthis uniting tired corporate corruption.occupywallstreetbanksters  corrupt businesses  corrupt pols ? mass  immigration   occupywallst tools.  p2  tlot  topprog  owsoccupywallst  immigration stance corrupt banks & businesses yfrog.com/o0zm3wuj  coinkydink   p2  tlot  topprogrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorfriendly reminder "we  planet." ~  ourwallstreet  ows  opesr  giabo  a99. (this corrupt  bankers &  politics.)rtlook   occupywallst "library." donate copy culture corruption...rtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtrtlong sought demands impeachment corrupt s.c. justice clarence thoma...rthow  koch industries makes billions corrupting government polluting.     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatch  anonymouswhats happening world amazing  occupywallstreet  justice  wearethe99%  endcorruptionrton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtcorporate repression civic space nypd cia  dhs  fbi.  source?  corrupt elections.  civil military power usurped.   usdorrtthe foreign corrupt practices act serious  unless re koch brothers.   occupywallstreetrton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.it bad people using real cause  occupywallst designed  endbankstercorruption platformoccupywallst  occupyallhighspeedrailprojects  stopthecorruptionnow  equalityforallrtthe spirits willing serve public dashed rocks corporate political corruption.  usdor

rtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstnypd gestapo fl. (rw) rep.west private gestaportplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtnypd gestapo fl. (rw) rep.west private gestaportplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtrep. king calls department homeland security islamist thugs  contact congressrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstnew hashtag  thingsoccupiershate    jews  rep. john lewis  nypd cars  smithsonian guards  bathing   am missing?new hashtag idea  thingsoccupiershate    jews  rep. john lewis  nypd cars  smithsonian guards  & bathing   am missing?rtnew hashtag idea  thingsoccupiershate    jews  rep. john lewis  nypd cars  smithsonian guards  & bathing   am missing?rtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallsttupac shakur sex tape surfaces  rapper getting intimate female fan house party rep..rtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstmatt stoller anti politics  occupywallstreet matt stoller   former senior policy advisor rep....rtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallst
rtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viarthelicopter crashes nyc east river; nypd divers rescue survivors  missingrtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd via“udate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd (cont)rtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viahelicopter crashes nyc east river; 1 dead nypd helicopter five people aboard c...   usa  newshelicopter crashes nyc east river; nypd divers rescue survivors  missing  police divers searching the...rtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viart5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viaworldnews udate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viart5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viaudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viatourist helicopter crashes nyc east river; nypd divers rescue four; dead   aviation  tourism  riskrtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viahelicopter crashes nyc east river; 1 dead nypd helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...rtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd via
rtnow helicopter removed east river.rta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorthelicopter removed east river.  viartnow  fdny responds  helicopter  eastriver.  viarta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videortnow  fdny responds  helicopter  eastriver.rta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videortrtthis isn 1st time chopper crashed nyc river. 2009  tour chopper collided wit… (cont)rtrtnow  fdny responds  helicopter  eastriver.rtupdated details helicopter crash east river. witnessed  tweet email nydntips.comrta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live video"now  fdny responds  helicopter  eastriver.rta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videortrtnow helicopter removed east river.rtrtnow  fdny responds  helicopter  eastriver.rta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videortrta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 ...rta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live video
rtlook ny daily news poll... awesomeawesome “this amazing tribute genius jobs viasteve jobs’s patentsrtyup. wicked awesome. :) rtokay  official boston accent.organizing portland  or. guys awesome. hoping grow ours larger.rtgotta hand tofor one. awesome pic   occupywallstreet  sep17rtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousbecause  dollar sign peace mind    awesome...  occupywallstreet  occupyuticany  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrt awesomeoccupywallst  occupyalbany  occupybgm  occupybuffalo  occupytogether  occupyithacartgotta hand tofor one. awesome pic   occupywallstreet  sep17rtoccupycleveland 1st ga  awesome hats possible.occupywallstreetrtoccupycleveland 1st ga  awesome hats possible.occupywallstreetrtknow awesome  occupywallstreet video team is? broadcast live paddy wagonsrtmust photos rtgotta hand tofor one. awesome pic bit.ly/q0jbgz  occupywallstreet  sep17awesome rt:the 1917 era lo nostalgia train getting ready roll tonights alds game 3friends&gave awesome pic    occupywallstreet”rtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtmargaret thatcher awesome  (h/t)  occupywallstreetrtoccupycleveland 1st ga  awesome hats possible.occupywallstreet
rtswat team depositors withdrawals~  bankofamerica st. louis   ows  boa  banksters  antisec  usdor  a99  occupypr9anthonyryan fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtrt10 arrested occupy st. louis.  occupystl  occupy  occupywallstreports  occupystl  protesters arrested  kiener plaza downtown st. louis   stl  occupywallstreetnoticed didn include missouri map  occupywallstreet movement   occupystl  occupystlouis active.is bloody brilliant  ll checking  occupystlouis weekend 4  excited  americanrtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012and “rtbreaking nyc police commissioner kelly internal affairs (cont)rti wonder banks failed 08 crisis sue gov & luck.see gretchen morgenson column:rtoccupy louisville organizing  facebook   usdor  globalrevolutionrtimages wall street protests louisville   occupylouisville  usdorrtimages wall street protests louisville   occupylouisville  usdorrthehe wonderful  occupy wall street movement spawns louisville protest   occupylouisville  usdorfollowfriday(via)followfriday(via)averno   louise glück   york times book review   york times        picthere 70 police kiener plaza arrestingprotesters  10   owsrtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtrtrtrtoh haiwe haz marinesst. louis pd&swat prevented citizens organized withdraw bofa youtube.com/watch?v=db_p0w…  occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  usdorrtthank =)  ffff… (cont)
rtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplefor reason  amused diet snapple.  occupywallstrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplepigrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertoccupywallstreet   imagine world corporations  iphones  snapple  till fields dawn dusk.rtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplemoronic?an  occupywallst pic worth 1k words dwn w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertmy  rtoccupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops phones&snapple
rt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” / wtf?  insane  singingrtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkyesterday guy trying jump building. swat team 9 yards nypd  insane. york city.rtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexiunbelievable  takewallstreet today. looks insane saturday  3 arrests   usual  reason.  owsword. arrest   insane. pretty peaceful protest. nypd protecting banks  people.insane ambulance getting public bridge  youneedtoshutup  ows  coopthashtagsnowthese  occupywallstreet photos tonight protest insane ?  scary stuff. screaming.rtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtnyc   occupywallstreet  ows plan stopping solidarity 2pmis bringing guitar. there.rthospital bears $1.4m cost 19 month stay discharged due immigration status.  insanesystemrt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” / wtf?  insane  singingit is. 700 protesters  occupywallst ppl arrested. insane.rt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” / wtf?  insane  singingrtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexi“peta  thank vegans look totally insane.  vegans nuts petartnext meal meat.  purespite rtpeta  thank vegans look totally insane.rtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkthe  occupywallstreet demands absolutely insane.  visit econ101


rttoday top stories > 700 occupy wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridge   occupywallst  owsrttoday top stories > 700 occupy wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridge   occupywallst  owsrttoday top stories > 700 occupy wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridge   occupywallst  owsrtif  occupywallstreet & footage  stories  photos opinions published onpls email content @ globalgrind . commarching nypd office? share stories please  istaking donations??rttoday top stories > 700 occupy wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridge   occupywallst  owsrttoday top stories > 700 occupy wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridge   occupywallst  ows[resistance n00z f33d]   ? top stories viarttoday top stories > 700 occupy wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridge   occupywallst  owsrttoday top stories > 700 occupy wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridge   occupywallst  owsanonops_live tweeted times    top stories nytimes  jason_pollock  robertgreenwaldthe popular kids daily   ? top stories viathe popular kids daily   ? top stories viaseems stories protesters  bridge choice  claim led police  occupywallstrttoday top stories > 700 occupy wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridge   occupywallst  owsrtlaw enforcement usa news   ? top stories viartpeople walks life sharing stories eating  drinking revolting. human communal  occupywallstreetbahrain dark stories holocaust “human slaughterhouse” .. blog >>revolution time  occupywallstreet   ? top stories viathe news world daily   ? top stories viaows  news;  twitter progressives  look forstories  nyt...
rtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetraissman  joe  throwing bombs  according radio moles  representative call...rtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers
rtwe internet  4g phones hot spots pref. solar panels?  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupykc  kcmo  kansascitythese panels cause increase death rates cancer patients. months ago breast cancer.....rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe internet  4g phones hot spots pref. solar panels?  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupykc  kcmo  kansascityrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupierssolar panels retarded rtnot joke. rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall  solyndra  spare few. oh wait... rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiers   tcotnew york fire dept () major returns solar panels  viasolarenergysolyndra extras   rtnot joke. rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe internet  4g phones hot spots pref. solar panels?  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupykc  kcmo  kansascityyortcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe internet  4g phones hot spots pref. solar panels?  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupykc  kcmo  kansascityrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtnot joke. rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiers

rtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtyes  days ago mtunknown armless man?  jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetyes  days ago mtunknown armless man?  jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetname andrew guadalupe  gentleman arms arrested.owsrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetarrestee name jesus guadalupe. aarticletonight  nypd arrested  name jesus guadalupe. looks dangerous   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetcorrection armless arrested @  occupationwallstreet   correct name jesus guadalupe  ccrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreet
rtrt"the isn government  bought government."  ows  occupywallstreet  takebackwallstreet  occupylartrt"the isn government  bought government."  ows  occupywallstreet  takebackwallstreet  occupylart"by time presidential material  he’s bought ten times over."   gore vidal  takewallstreet  bastille  occupydc  owsrtthe  big" government.  bought" government.  ows  occupywallstreet  99percentrtmanhattan apartment bought 2005 $11 mil sells week $20 mil  housing crisis?bloomberg bought paid   job afraid destroying own.  ows  occupywallstreetany forrest gump there??   bought apple stock instead productsrtyou help feed  occupywallstreet protestors  bought pizza  guys do?rt"the isn government  bought government."  ows  occupywallstreet  takebackwallstreet  occupylartjpmorganchase bought  nypd 4.6million  read    ows  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtrt"the isn government  bought government."  ows  occupywallstreet  takebackwallstreet  occupylartit question govt vs govt. govt vs bought govt.  occupywallst  occupytogether  wearethe99%rtrt"the isn government  bought government."  ows  occupywallstreet  takebackwallstreet  occupylamainstreammedia bought paid entity system.zeitgeist  resourcebasedeconomyrtnypd tries run people manly  nifty scooters bought  jpmorgan money.   owsrtmanhattan apartment bought 2005 $11 mil sells week $20 mil  housing crisis?rt"the isn government  bought government."  ows  occupywallstreet  occupydublin  occupydamestreet  occupyrtrt"the isn government  bought government."  ows  occupywallstreet  takebackwallstreet  occupylartmanhattan apartment bought 2005 $11 mil sells week $20 mil  housing crisis?rt"the isn government  bought government."  ows  occupywallstreet  takebackwallstreet  occupylamanhattan apartment bought 2005 $11 mil sells week $20 mil  housing crisis?
rtin exclusive op ed forron paul argues al awlaki killing unconstitutionalunconstitutional killing obama killing awlaki violates american principle.rt help protectprotesters  constitutional 2peaceful assembly   p2  mmothelp protectprotesters  constitutional peaceful assemblyhelp protectprotesters  constitutional peaceful assemblyan unconstitutional killing obama killing awlaki violates american principleshelp protectprotesters  constitutional peaceful assemblyrtany amendment proposed article constitutional convention ratified 38 law.  usdorrtframers created method escaping captured government—an article constitutional convention.  usdorrta national constitutional convention assembled request legislatures thirds  usdormtin exclusive op ed forron paul argues al awlaki killing unconstitutionalrtfor confused  assemble constitution attack  constitutional  occupywallstreet  99percenta national constitutional convention assembled request legislatures thirds  usdorsign  please  help protectprotesters  constitutional peaceful assemblyrtus day rage start organizing meetups demand article constitutional convention.  stay tuned.    usdorhelp protectprotesters  constitutional peaceful assemblyhelp protectprotesters  constitutional peaceful assemblyoccupywallstreet  "the constitutional rights american people exist"      anonymoushelp protectprotesters  constitutional peaceful assemblyplease read   > unconstitutional killing obama killing awlaki violates american principleshelp protectprotesters  constitutional peaceful assembly
rtbeautiful rtheymy love note human mic. tinyurl.com/65ntq4anaomi klein quote re occupy  occupy   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtcan wait  rtthis wed   occupywallstreet welcomes  newoccupier. ll talking thurs  openforumrtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtmy visit  occupywallst sound voices echoing park night beautiful. space alive w/ideas + anticipationrtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtmy visit  occupywallst sound voices echoing park night beautiful. space alive w/ideas + anticipationrtrtdown  ows  occupywallstspeaks. readrtthe naomi klein  occupy quote folks  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet      occupywallstreetinsane ambulance getting public bridge  youneedtoshutup  ows  coopthashtagsnowrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreet ...rtnaomi klein  occupywallstreetrtdown  ows  occupywallstspeaks. readrti true. noonrtthe naomi klein  occupy quote folks  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtoccupywallstreet start own newspaper. help"it drving nypd crazy paint guys hooligans. denying " ~ naomi klein  owsrtat"nypd revealed paid mercenaries jp morgan."rt"we picked fight powerful forces planet"   naomi klein  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  occupynycrtviaslavoj zizek  occupywallstreet zucotti park 12pm  ows

rtnon western medicinal raw garlic  ginger  tea tree oil  bavarian meat  raw apple cider vinegar  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtcatalogo de genialidad rtstevejobs  apple patents  1980s computer ios based devicesrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertyou love iphone. literally.   apple  iphone  mktg  brandapple unveils iphone 4s voice recognition features   nytimes.comwiunion rthere demand forgive student loan debt | robert applebaum dlvr.it/pd8xx |  occupywallstreetrtnytimes adobe announcement competes applertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplenypd cops disciplined throwing football kid.  bad apples beat kids protect crooks    owsapple predicted siri 24yrs ago video thats crazyrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplert:o rtnyt news alert steven p. jobs  co founder apple  diesapple’s updated apps offer significant gains apple highlighted own apps wi...rtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplesteve jobs dead 7 products apple founder wrong amid successes shaped tech industryrtnon western medicinal raw garlic  ginger  tea tree oil  bavarian meat  raw apple cider vinegar  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetany forrest gump there??   bought apple stock instead productssteve jobs apple dies 56   nytimes.comrtformer apple ceo co founder steve jobs died cancer 56.   breakingnews2011 nyc marathon celebrity runners announced  runners ... celebrity chefs (nate appleman ). ev...apple unveils iphone 4s...not iphone 5 gadget geeks waiting iphone 5 wait little longer...
science  scramble solutions hip device failspakistan media fails cover  occupywallstreet protest corruption& greed "they lose viewers" internal sourcertoutfront  erinburnett fails comprehend  occupywallstreet. gov $$ wall street bailout irrelevant.rtnba bid lockout fails (nytimes)  "failure gasp attempt ensures games lost"rtnba bid lockout fails (nytimes)  "failure gasp attempt ensures games lost"n.b.a. lose games bid lockout fails  ridiculous. nba season year.rtbbc story buy completely fails useful context  ...rteveryone fails comply world view troll >>  ukuncut<< spot  againwe focus occupy fed reserve. devalue currency  bailout fails. foot bill.  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet fails accept relianse  capitalismoccupywallstreet fails accept relianse  capitalismoccupywallstreet fails accept relianse  capitalismoccupywallstreet fails accept relianse  capitalismoccupywallstreet fails accept relianse  capitalismoccupywallstreet fails accept relianse  capitalismoccupywallstreet fails accept reliance  capitalismoccupywallstreet fails accept reliance  capitalismoccupywallstreet fails accept reliance  capitalismoccupywallstreet fails accept reliance  capitalismoccupywallstreet fails accept reliance  capitalismoccupywallstreet fails accept reliance  capitalism
rtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist cameraslol  rtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist cameras flic.kr/p/ars6unrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasgood ya rtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasheh. rtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist cameraslol==> rtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capita… (cont)rtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist cameras
mas de 100 policias se niegan trabajar en apoyo al movimiento occupy wall street [eng]¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo    vamosacambiarelmundo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  real democracy   firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyomás de 100 oficiales de policía se niegan trabajar en apoyo al movimiento  occupywallstreet¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo    vamosacambiarelmundort más de 100 oficiales de policía se niegan trabajar en apoyo al movimiento occupy wall street   15m  acampadasol¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo registro maravilla¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyomas de 100 policias se niegan trabajar en apoyo al movimiento occupy wall street [eng]  globalchange  15oct
new york police commissioner ray kelly nypd capacity aircraft  (via)nypd police commissioner ray kelly wall street protesters  met force  target police officerstuhannet jumissa brooklyn bridgellä  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owstuhannet jumissa brooklyn bridgellä  massapidätykset käynnissä  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt.it mayor bloomberg & police commissioer fault. cops follow orders.  occupywallstreetrthotel staff refused help stuck elevatorfinally 911to help. missed meeting won comp  nycrtthank god forhotel elevator emergency phone working.. stuck floors missed meeting refuse comp roomrtbrooklyn bridge video nypd clash  occupywallstreet protesters   chanting  thewholeworldswatchingrtin missed  vid pics  censored by. bueno  man.rtbig week bradshaw rtjacobs misses straight practicerthey  nyc   ows occupiers warm clothes  socks  support occupy.  occupywallst  solidarityrtows.rt//// b&  provocateur//// ~  opesr  giabo  ourwallstreet  a99  opshield  opshadow  anonymous &  anonymissgood picture  poor commissioner cassano light & blur face.rtnypd police commissioner ray kelly wall street protesters  met force  target police officers «rtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycfellow  sandiego natives  today? sad miss out.  occupysd  occupywallstrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorthe protocols screening types cancer success rates remission continue altered.rtmiss this? video  nypd arresting child  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest?   tpcnypd commissioner calls nypd stop improper marijuana arrests responding public pressure ...   marijuana  mmotsome kept secret.  late   “report feds stinger missiles nyc   fb  bigfail


rtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtalert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.legal observers arrestedrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtbanksters looted families equity via illegal foreclosures. stop foreclosure  occupywallstreet  usdor time handcuffs.rtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtalert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.legal observers arrested
rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.oh god.  occupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.
rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rthope bloom erg rtthe arrests  stronger get.  nypd throwing water gremlins.  occupywallstreetrtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins."gremlins"  appropriate  rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. throwing water gremlins. || 11 dimensional pension chessrtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.nypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.
rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 5...rt“15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdor”rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet15 boy & 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdor money=resultsrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt*smh* rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt*smh* rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet .rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt*smh* rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdor
rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…nytimes céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier + yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul (cont)dtn fashion fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier an...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion  mode fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  je...rtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...latest news fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier an...rtfashion fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yo...fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...
for didn tweet meme & wonders tags don trend....  jpmorganownstwittershares  occupywallst  werthe99percentwow  twitter didn block  occupywallst related trend.  brooklyn bridge strong  paranormal activity  stutes?rtartery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)can believe  occupywallstreet doesn trend. justin beiber does.   :|rtartery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)artery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)rtartery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)seems world wide trend. "private companies profit worldwide immigration crackdown"   auspol  bansercortartery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)rtartery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)rtartery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)rtartery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)rtrtartery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)rtfederaljack trendsmap proves scary twitter censorship  occupywallstreet trend...   freewebrtartery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)rtartery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  via.."artery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)"rtartery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)artery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)rtartery cleaning foods poised healthy trend.  (via)rtback  occupywallstreet with. day war gonna trend.
rt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetrt 1992 thousands people protesting bk bridge arrested  occupywallstreetrt 1992 thousands people protesting bk bridge arrested  occupywallstreetrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetmtin 1992 thousands police protesting bk bridge arrested   occupywallstreetrtin 1992 thousands nypd officers closed brooklyn bridge protesting none arrestedrt 1992 thousands people protesting bk bridge arrested  occupywallstreetrt 1992 thousands people protesting bk bridge arrested  occupywallstreetrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetrt 1992 thousands people protesting bk bridge arrested  occupywallstreetrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetrt 1992 thousands people protesting bk bridge arrested  occupywallstreetrt 1992 thousands people protesting bk bridge arrested  occupywallstreetrtmtin 1992 thousands police protesting bk bridge arrested   occupywallstreetrt 1992 thousands people protesting bk bridge arrested  occupywallstreetrtin 1992 thousands nypd officers closed brooklyn bridge protesting none arrestedrtmtin 1992 thousands police protesting bk bridge arrested   occupywallstreetrt 1992 thousands people protesting bk bridge arrested  occupywallstreet
rtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. th… (cont)rtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtfinancial industry spent $2.7 billion lobbying 1999 2008   usdor  occupywalltstreetrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallst
are nypd fbi trying frame anonymous  occupy wall street?  anonymous  occupywallstreet...rtare  nypd  fbi trying frame  anonymousrtare  nypd  fbi trying frame  anonymousrtare  nypd  fbi trying frame  anonymousrtall brilliant framers thispost analogize clean energy painful medical treatment.  genius.rtread proposed  occupysydney framework  missing leadership   occupywallstare nypd fbi trying frame anonymous  occupy wall street?  anonymous  occupywallstreet...rtframers created structures block congress  dependency ppl eg ineligibility clause   usdor ccrtineligibility origination emoluments clauses = framers representative demo  dependent ppl   usdor ccrtframers created method escaping captured government—an article constitutional convention.  usdorrtare nypd fbi trying frame anonymous  occupy wall street?  anonymous  occupywallstreet...rtare  nypd  fbi trying frame  anonymousrtare  nypd  fbi trying frame  anonymousif  occupywallstreet frames argument democrats republicans election truly revolutionary.rtus day rage    framers created method escaping captured government—article v.demi moore looks shockingly thin  skinny frame ...   weightloss  dietrtframers created method escaping captured government—an article constitutional convention.  usdorare nypd fbi trying frame anonymous  occupy wall street?  anonymous  occupywallstreet...rtframers created structures block congress  dependency ppl eg ineligibility clause   usdor ccrtare nypd fbi trying frame anonymous  occupy wall street?   anonymous   i...rtus day rage    framers created method escaping captured government—article v.
with time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsrtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsrtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellswith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsrtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsrtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellswith time running short  steve jobs managed farewells steve jobs spent final weeks — spent m...rtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellswith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsrtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellswith time running short  steve jobs managed farewells steve jobs spent final weeks — spent m...rtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsthis choked  wow? rtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsisad time running short  steve jobs managed farewellswith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellswith time running short  steve jobs managed farewells steve jobs spent final weeks — spent m...rtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsrtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsrtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellswith time running short  jobs managed farewells   yahoo  finance  viawith time running short  steve jobs managed farewells   nytimes.com

ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensnews ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensrutgers 34  pittsburgh 10  turnovers pitt game rutgers panthers running ray graham bu...dtn usa rutgers 34  pittsburgh 10  turnovers pitt game rutgers panthers running ray graham ma...ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...rtravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravenscollegefootball rutgers 34  pittsburgh 10  turnovers pitt game rutgers panthers running ray ...ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...rutgers 34  pittsburgh 10  turnovers pitt game rutgers    nytravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...rtravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...turnovers pitt game rutgersravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...mark sanchez turnovers jets  loss ravens super season starting railsravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fum...
apoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio   acordabrasilapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio  vamos pedir pelos idosos afanados rgpsapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio
apoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio   acordabrasilapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio  vamos pedir pelos idosos afanados rgpsapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija 1 democracia real  envie uma mensagem dizendo:não somos arruaceiros nem anarquistasapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio
some cops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protester  via~werwinningrtows rtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo  occupywallstreet protesterrtows rtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protestervalverde struts    yanks minutes escaped furious yankee rally pourin...“cops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtows rtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious fellow nypd officer simply flashing peace sign protestor  rtrt  ows  occupyamericartcops furious fellow nypd officer simply flashing peace sign protestor  rtrt  ows  occupyamericathere one... rtrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious fellow nypd officer simply flashing peace sign protestor  rtrt  ows  occupyamericart"cops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protester  join  nypd ;)some cops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protester  viartcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterfast furiously obama bus campaign tour farewell goodbye tour?    gunrunner  solyndra   blackpanther  usdorrtfacepalm rtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo  ows protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtcops furious fellow nypd officer simply flashing peace sign protestor  rtrt  ows  occupyamerica

rtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetthought quote fit goal. "one generation abandons enterprises stranded vessels." ~thoreaurtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrt"one liberty plaza"  occupywallstreet postal address  political consultant "it ignore."rtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrt"one liberty plaza"  occupywallstreet postal address  political consultant "it ignore."rttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrt"on top  famine  unspeakable violence"   nytimes.com   somalia  violenceagainstwomen  vaw“times freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreet”rttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreet"one  break silence devoured country."   mark provost  occupyboston  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreet"one country’s gay leap." / york times...  gaymarriage  lgbtrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetnyt "on facebook  recalling neighborhoods were"   cc
rtoccupy wall street spreads u.s. nypd protests cost $2m overtime.   cheatsheetwall st. protests cost $2m police ot nypd thursday weeks anti wall street demonstrat...wall st. protests cost $2m police ot nypd thursday weeks anti wall street demonstrat...rtoccupy wall street spreads u.s. nypd protests cost $2m overtime.   cheatsheetrtoccupy wall street spreads u.s. nypd protests cost $2m overtime.   cheatsheetwall st. protests cost $2m police ot nypd thursday weeks anti wall street demonstrat...rtoccupy wall street spreads u.s. nypd protests cost $2m overtime.   cheatsheetrtin little  stevejobs news  nypd tells  occupywallst cost  $2m overtimertmtso  occupywallstreet bowel movement cost cash strapped  nypd $2million overtime pay.  tcot  nyc  teapartyrtoccupy wall street spreads u.s. nypd protests cost $2m overtime.   cheatsheetrtoccupy wall street spreads u.s. nypd protests cost $2m overtime.   cheatsheetrtin little  stevejobs news  nypd tells  occupywallst cost force $2m overtime (cc)rtnypd forced spend $2million overtime pay due idiot protesters threatening violence.rtoccupy wall street spreads u.s. nypd protests cost $2m overtime.   cheatsheetwall st. protests cost $2m police ot nypd thursday weeks anti wall street demonstrat...6 months pay ceos "occupy wall street spreads nypd protests cost $2m overtime.wall st. protests cost $2m police ot nypd thursday weeks anti wall street demonstrati...rtoccupy wall street spreads u.s. nypd protests cost $2m overtime.   cheatsheetrtoccupy wall street spreads u.s. nypd protests cost $2m overtime.   cheatsheetrtoccupy wall street spreads u.s. nypd protests cost $2m overtime.   cheatsheetrtoccupy wall street spreads u.s. nypd protests cost $2m overtime.   cheatsheet
nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight" meaning  beating people.rtrt"my ex wife lives wall street supports  occupywallstreet."  company executive via private messagecheck video    nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick ge...  viaoccupy wall street protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick ... "my little nightstick gonna get...rtrt"my ex wife lives wall street supports  occupywallstreet."  company executive via private messagerton video  nypd officer "my little nightstick workout tonight"top story nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick …check video    nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick ge...  viartnypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight" meaning  beating people.rtwe spoke w/david paterson @  occupywallstreet. "my initial [police] excessive force"nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight"for folks tri "my life bing crosby"  musical narrative kathryn crosby  sun oct 2  2:30nypd waited dark started beating protestors & bragged "my lil baton workout..."  ows rtfamous yorkers dish favorite spots "my city  york famous yorkers share favor...rt"my family experiment extreme schooling." v.longreadsrtnypd cop  "my little nightstick workout tonight" readyrtnypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightsticks workout tonight" 0 reviewsrtwe spoke w/david paterson @  occupywallstreet. "my initial [police] excessive force"rtnypd officer "my little nightstick workout tonight"   occupywallstreetarrest  rtnypd officer wall st bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight"rtrt"my nightstick’s gonna workout tonight  hopefully”   nypd officer  video outside  occupywallstreet
rthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...pls rtrtyou worse wall street? $16 trillion deficit pay lifetimes.  occupywallstreetrtthrough fed audit found fed loaned $16 trillion banks financial institutions world.  occupywallstreetrthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...please rtrtcity rat island sells $160 000rtbernie audit fed $16 trillion loaned american & foreign banks & businesses.   occupywallstreetbronx lacks inspectors  funds cover $164 million tab building code violationsrtfec doesn require lobbyists report fundraising event co sponsors raise > $16 000 each.   usdor  occupykstrtoccupythefed rtthe fed allocated $16 trillion corporations banks 2008  takewallstreetrtfec doesn require lobbyists report fundraising event co sponsors raise > $16 000 each.   usdor  occupykstrtcity rat island sells $160 000rtcity rat island sells $160 000rtoccupythefed rtthe fed allocated $16 trillion corporations banks 2008  takewallstreetrtfec doesn require lobbyists report fundraising event co sponsors raise > $16 000 each.   usdor  occupykstrtthrough fed audit found fed loaned $16 trillion banks financial institutions world.  occupywallstreetrt$16 trillion secret bailouts swear god    occupywallstreet  occupychi  occupythehood  ourwallstreet  owsthe fed $16 trillion bailouts reported   forbes   occupywallstreetrtthrough fed audit found fed loaned $16 trillion banks financial institutions world.  occupywallstreetrtcity rat island sells $160 000exposed audit fed $16 tril loaned @ u.s.& foreign banks&businessestyrthere link forwebsite   audit fed $16 tril...rt
10 hope  trying save abandoned newbornsso  reading article  published exactly 5 months born.rtreuters protests born wall street spreading   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  99percent  usdorrtows <    1stal use.  occupywallstreet <   stop using. all.baby penguin born feathers abandoned family nursed healthrtspirit selma reborn ny"   ows protests echo roots 1965 civil rights movementchickens born bred bedroom apartment couple local food ...   york daily news   agnewsrt“israel supports proposal restart mideast talks  unlikely happen now.  stubborn  world  politicsthanks& bringing airborne  emergen  food/water  & food containers.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallst links locked teamsters   sothebys  teamsters  1urtreuters protests born wall street spreading   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  99percent  usdorrtnytimes secret legal memo door killing american born anwar al awlaki yemen.incorrect.  usdor "born" monday march 14 2011  cc.rt correctionusdor  born  5:58 cet march 10  2011spirit selma reborn ny"   ows protests echo roots 1965 civil rights movementsteve  jobs   genius  born  syrian father raised  armenian family  dead.   depthpsychrtreuters protests born wall street spreading   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  99percent  usdorrtreuters protests born wall street spreading   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  99percent  usdorkilling recovery  "the british government stubborn insistence fiscal austerity causing havoc"rtnytimes secret legal memo door killing american born anwar al awlaki yemenrtdope rtchickens born bred bedroom apartment couple local food routine
cheney obama apologize slams bush administration former veep dick cheney praised president ...cheney obama apologize slams bush administrationcheney obama apologize slams bush administration   york daily newsrtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.rtcheney obama apologize slams bush administrationrtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.rtcheney obama apologize slams bush administrationrtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.rtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.cheney obama apologize slamming bush civil liberties  dick owes obama thanks judicial immunity.cheney obama apologize slams bush administrationnext maybe spain help little war criminals running amok (coughcheney ) :)wince rtthe conservative praise obama due process free assassination dick cheneycheney obama apologize slams bush administration   york daily news york daily newsch...cheney obama apologize slams bush administration   york daily news york daily newsch...generalstrike  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet<=== dick cheney fema campcheney obama apologize slams bush administration   york daily news york daily newsch...rtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.exactly lp 53 minutes  occupywallst lots dick lynn cheney  disgrace  cnn =foxcheney obama apologize slams bush administration  read     fat chance happening.  gopcheney obama apologize slams bush administration

mt:predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment literally seein video pied piper marrti predict nypd bridge  occupywallst arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.troydavis rtrtitalian appeals court thrown murder conviction amanda knoxwhy shade thrown tho? rtjay  thinking  moving brooklyn  pricesrtoccupywallstreet  clear. rti predict nypd brooklyn bridge arrests thrown a… (cont)rti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rtrti predict nypd bridge  occupywallst arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rtoccupywallstreet  clear. rti predict nypd brooklyn bridge arrests thrown a… (cont)rti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rtrti predict nypd bridge  occupywallst arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rtrti predict nypd bridge  occupywallst arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march."i thrown [police]"  occupywallstreet  iwilloccupyrti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rtrti predict nypd bridge  occupywallst arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rtrt “chomsky "about thirds public entire congress thrown out"  occupywallst  ows”  occupyrti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.ri predict nypd bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  cing video pied piper marchrti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.
rtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtearth heaven  occupywallstreet succeeded hell created puppet politician greedy rich.  peoplepower.rtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtyou arrest idea. succeed failure option. up.  occupywallstreet  ows brooklyn bridgertshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrthappy 142nd birthday  gandhi  inspired succeed endless nonviolent resistance.  occupywallst  occupypdx  p2rtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtfive occupy wall street succeeded  saturday 1 october 2011  takewallstreetif brunt twitter jokes aim  occupywallstreet  succeeding.viva  occupywallstreet? movement succeedsrti thank nypd themovement succeeds beyond wildest dreams (700+ arrested).rtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetso  steve jobs lib & freaks  occupywallst.  jobs ve succeeded w/o capitalism???rtfive occupy wall street succeeded  saturday 1 october 2011  takewallstreetanimated fruit ambition dane boedigheimer  creator “annoying orange ” hoping succeed wher...rtearth heaven  occupywallstreet succeeded hell created puppet politician greedy rich.  peoplepower.the  occupywallstreet protest won dont plan.  protests succeed happens? wall street. really?rtyou arrest idea. succeed failure option. up.  occupywallstreet  ows brooklyn bridgertfive occupy wall street succeeded | truthout   occupywallstreet
rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtjust announced via ga nurse association announced solidarity  occupyboston.  occupywallstreetrtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtrtsomething stirring boston. video   (cont)rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17yes  rt1000 protesters bank america offices boston.  boa  occupyboston  ows  occupywallstreetrtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtrtsomething stirring boston. video   (cont)rtvia ga northeastern college announced student walkout 10/6  solidarity  occupyboston. ? many.  occupywallstreetrtjust announced via ga nurse association announced solidarity  occupyboston.  occupywallstreetflying boston. watch video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17something stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  ows700good job  nyc protestors.  beats arrests boston. rtabout 400 arrested  police say.  occupywallstreet.rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17
rtthere 16 & 17 yr arrested mta bus. mom picked warmest smile  occupywallst  occupywallstreet <3rtwe cheap gloves warm clothes here.  needsoftheoccupiers rtrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrthey  nyc   ows occupiers warm clothes  socks  support occupy.  occupywallst  solidarityrtoh  brave overnighters hats  gloves  handwarmers  hot coffee morning please   needsoftheoccupiersthe love  food & warmth night  libertysquare  thanks  occupywallstreetneedsoftheoccupiers blankets  socks  emergency blankets  jackets  sweatshirts ... basically warm stuff  occupywallstreet  occupy  zuccottirtwool socks  thermals  comforters  warm clothes   needsoftheoccupiersrtthere 16 & 17 yr arrested mta bus. mom picked warmest smile  occupywallst  occupywallstreet <3rtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetnice":rtmore sat sun bright warmer. highs:76 80. mon tue staying dry. partly cloudy. highs:75 78"i glad feminists warming 2 2nd amendment hand glad don shave armpitsrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtthere 16 & 17 yr arrested mta bus. mom picked warmest smile  occupywallst  occupywallstreet <3rtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwe cheap gloves warm clothes here.  needsoftheoccupiers rtokay  warmed heart.  sue me. "homecoming queen winning field goal night"rtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet700  occupywallstreet protestors arrested swarming ny brooklyn bridge  protesters gathered  abqrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrteveryone  occupywallstreet stay safe warm today...  takewallstreet  ows

rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtat kenzo  ceremony founders define what’srtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetwe cant  occupywallstreet labeled democratic  2 party system dsnt  dnt media define usrtat kenzo  ceremony founders define what’srtdefine "irony" labor unions joining  occupywallstreet protest low pay  withholding jobs & corruption.  tcot  tlotrtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetat kenzo  ceremony founders define what’s sunday  founders ceremony presen...rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetat kenzo  ceremony founders define what’s sunday  founders ceremony presen...at kenzo  ceremony founders define what’s sunday  founders c...  | nytimes  fashionat kenzo  ceremony founders define what’s sunday  founders ceremony presen...rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtmorningside heights top rated retirees. park east defines nabe shapeat kenzo  ceremony founders define what’s sunday  founders ceremony presen...rtfollowfaves  &  truefollowersrtrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd deter  occupywallstreet  corporate fascism definedrtrtnew crowd sourcing project monitor media reporting  immigration bit.ly/o75imlrtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
rtrturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.urgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rtrturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.
rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.viacom 1515 broadway  york  ny 10019 6752  usdor  ocupywallstreetrtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtviacom 1515 broadway  york  ny 10019 6752  usdor  ocupywallstreetrtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtviacom 1515 broadway  york  ny 10019 6752  usdor  ocupywallstreetrtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtviacom 1515 broadway  york  ny 10019 6752  usdor  ocupywallstreetrtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? neg ...rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.
rtplease read   learned mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtplease read   learned mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet nypd really??? unlawful brutality  kettling..against peaceful protestors? learned nothing? expect   sept17please hire rti reading  >rtalso learned duty nypd...rtplease read   learned mass arrests   occupywallstreetows  occupywallstreet protesters learned globalist revolutionary ideology teacher unions spending taxpayer money  tcot  teapartyrtplease read   learned mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtplease read   learned mass arrests   occupywallstreetrti sad elmo learned guy fawkes vendetta didn "kettling" meant yesterday.  ourwallstreetrtplease read   learned mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtplease read   learned mass arrests   occupywallstreetjust bad luck nypd  plus lapd recent bad press protest changed policy learned ny  occupylalearned  occupywallstreet college grads.   epic fail universities. critical thinking  p2  tcotrtplease read   learned mass arrests   occupywallstreetrti sad elmo learned guy fawkes vendetta didn "kettling" meant yesterday.  ourwallstreetone learned watchingwe messagedtn usa fannie mae ignored foreclosure misdeeds  report fannie mae  mortgage finance giant  learned ...well  s.e....1 shot  “take me...there lessons learned deer hunters.rtplease read   learned mass arrests   occupywallstreetrtplease read   learned mass arrests   occupywallstreethow garbo learned stand head  yoga science
ny transit union court stop nyc "from forcing bus drivers transport ows protesters arrested nypd".rta nyc bus driver union filed lawsuit stop nypd drivers transport wall street protesters jailrtrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   owsrthere  200 000 transport workers union votes support occupy wall streetrtnyc bus union sues stop nypd forcing drivers transport  occupywallstreet protesters.   viartoccupy wall street  support transport workers; union provide protestors food  s...   occupywallstreet{yikes} rtbrooklyn sutter ave & bradford st. male shot twice. victim transported serious condition  die.rtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreetrtthis    mtnycwon bus  occupywallstreet protesters jailrtrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   owsrtwatch twu wont buses transport  nypd arrests wall street    cdnpoli  union  occupycanada  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers offer rides/trucks transport donations etc. contact transport.org  occupyaustinrttransport workers union votes unanimously support  occupywallstreetrttransport workers union votes unanimously support  occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street  support transport workers; union provide protestors food  s...   occupywallstreetrtkind deal  nyc transport workers union votes support  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet  solidarityrtrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   owsrtny transit union court stop nyc "from forcing bus drivers transport  ows protesters arrested nypd."rtkind deal  nyc transport workers union votes support  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet  solidarityrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreetrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreet
as backpacker i´d w/ worn shirt  backward cap  laptops harmonica; doubt :)   occupywallstreetrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertj.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd  .for laptops & security monitoring software.rtbring laptops sw  libertyplaza internet cafe  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplepigrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplelatest mentions starbucks    rtneedsoftheoccupiers send generators recharge laptops ...rtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplemoronic?an  occupywallst pic worth 1k words dwn w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapple
rtlawrence lessig accuses u.s. congress corruption thecollegian   rootstrikers  usdorrtfollowfor planned student walkouts solidarity  occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtfollowfor planned student walkouts solidarity  occupywallstreetrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegesrtthe largest  powerful lobby assembled   99percent  ows  occupycollegesrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchhey dana. uthink hear pelosi denounce crustees takewallstreet?she tried2 pin junk u.s.  collegecollege walk planned ‘anonymous’ releases threat nyse   york (cbsnewyork/ap) –the hacker gro...rtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtdelaware denver derry florida gainesville georgia grand rapids grey eagle guam hastings college hawaii houston idaho bit.ly/nrbzss  usdorrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegesi thinking time begin networking  ucf  valenciacollege locally begin demonstrating flrtoccupywallstreet  nypd  nypdproud  occupywallst99percent  ows  occupycollegesrthey  occupywallstreet 1978 college tuition gone 900%  don bitch school? gp  ows  p2  tcot  tlot  ocrasee 33 reasons doingrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrt“corp media treats america 8th grade education. college educated fighting   ows  usdor”rtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny march
“rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.evidence christie unfinished business? visit jersey city followfor york breaking news...rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtrtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtbrilliant writing brilliant man. rtthe contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.a lovely tribute. rtmy nyt column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.
anonymous threatens  erase nyse internet   /viaows  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  15ocollege walk planned ‘anonymous’ releases threat nyse   york (cbsnewyork/ap) –the hacker gro...rt“… erasing  nyse internet … act war?” children starve currency = food““in front  nyse.  occupywallstreet  ows  classwarrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdshould york stock exchange hacked? think?  nyse  anonymous  antisec  occupywallstreetrtend industries death repression listed  nyse   getmoneyout  occupywallstreeti unsafe living near nyse tonight.  occupywallstreet mt200 people tried storm barricades ?rtnysenate john sampson see? (updated) | york daily news   dmvrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdin thanks marriage equality support   nysenate democrats fundraising boost..   ssm  lgbtstate sen. john sampson unlike? | york daily news   nysenate  facebook  dmvnysenate john sampson see? (updated) | york daily news   dmvoh anonymous  don  nyse extra measures protect themselves? dumb shits.  occupywallstreet  redeyerti unsafe living near nyse tonight.  occupywallstreet mt200 people tried storm barricades ?in front  nyse.  occupywallstreet  ows  classwarout front ny sports club street  nyse.  occupywallstreet  nosuchluckfortheeliteclosed block  nyse  allowing ...mtrtanonymous issues threat   october 10 nyse erased internet   operation  invadewalrti erasing  nyse internet  anonymous call act "war"?  occupywallstreet
van jones praises  occupywallstreet progressives launching  october offensive  rival tea party   october2011  usdorrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedoccupywallstreet time progressives stand solidarity | crooks liars     ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtdems  progressives  lots  occupywallstreet eye ball  votersuppressionows  news;  twitter progressives  look forstories  nyt...rtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtprogressives finally wing bullshit. re commin  fucktards   occupywallstreet  teaparty  tcot  p2rtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtare 30 progressives "like" page midnight?   wiunion  occupywallstreet  occupymilwaukee  usdorlistening towith hal ginsberg   occupywallstreet  radio  ourwallstreet  progressivesrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtrt[wz]  van jones calls progressives launch “october offensive”…   tcotrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor united
interestingly candid article. waiting predicting protests yearsmt:predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment literally seein video pied piper marapple predicted siri 24yrs ago video thats crazyrti predict nypd bridge  occupywallst arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rtoccupywallstreet  clear. rti predict nypd brooklyn bridge arrests thrown a… (cont)rti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.we predicted happen  raining zombies wall streetwe predicted happen  raining zombies wall streetrtnobody predict moment revolution  occupywallstreet  via zunguzungu sunday readingrtdid apple predict siri 24 ago? prophetic video apple pre smart phone days futuristic tablet...filmmaker magazine digs bfcers martyna & iva  predict moment revolution    occupywallstprediction day considered "cool" s%^$ ppl yourself.   wiunion  usdor  occupywallstreetloved yrcolumn 2day "sign dining" fave? "bring btl champagne" predictably  & g..lol rti predict friction john kerry household rtfrance bans ketchup  friesrtprediction day considered "cool" s%^$ ppl yourself.   wiunion  usdor  occupywallstreethahaha predictions accurate rtwho getting iphone 5?  one.1987 apple video predicts ipads  facetime sirirtrti predict nypd bridge  occupywallst arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rti predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment  literally  seeing video pied piper march.rtoccupywallstreet  clear. rti predict nypd brooklyn bridge arrests thrown a… (cont)my dodgy mlb playoff predictions baseball final  predicted

rt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” / wtf?  insane  singingrtrtrtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreeti believe tyrants cell phone jail rtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreetthe york city buildings  people singing  passion energy surrounding performance; proof  occupywallst. success.deari yorker nypd trust singing  (cont)“"i atit time stop singing start swinging. enough"    nypd wants”rtha  rtjust spotted dude thrift store flannel & hat singing neutral milk hotel. radiohead next.rtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreethank williams sr singing lovesick blues  hank   real   wiunion  connecttheleft  wiprog  ourwallstreet  p2rtdearopera singers don microphones2sing w/an orchestra. pop stars singing arias. all.rtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreetrt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” / wtf?  insane  singingrt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” un fucking realprops tofor singing roxanne  nypd  ows  political  prisoner  jail   nypd eaten economy 21% mortgage defaultrtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreetrtthe streets live drumming singing...in rain.  occupywallstreet  ows  usdorrt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” / wtf?  insane  singingrtprops tofor singing roxanne  nypd  ows  political  prisoner  jail   nypd eaten economy 21% mortgage defaultrtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreetrtrtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreetrtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet
rtpaul krugman  nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet  ows  newyorktimes retweetswedish poet wins nobel prize literature  favorites. deserved.the bravest arabprofiles nobel peace prize winnerof yemen  by&rtpaul krugman  nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet  ows  newyorktimes retweetnobel peace prize awarded ellen johnson sirleaf  leymah gbowee tawakkol karmanrta true patriot’s sacrifice freedom honor bradley manning’s 2011 nobel peace prize nomination   usdor  owswe reflect life & times kenyan environmentalist dr wangari maathai  peace prize laureate via  nytimes.comrtpaul krugman  nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet  ows  newyorktimes retweetrtnobel prize winner ralph steinman died days agonobel peace prize awarded ellen johnson sirleaf  leymah gbowee tawakkol karmanrtpaul krugman  nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet  ows  newyorktimes retweetnobel peace prize awarded activist women   york timesliberian president  activists win nobel peace prize liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf  fellow count...rtformer chief economist world bank & nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet movementbad timing?? rtnyc professor dies 3 days winning nobel prize bit.ly/nyrl3b  newyorkcityneustadt prize awardedchina alternative peace prize canceled (nyt)liu xiaobo   york times quotes nobel peace prize winner love poem  published asia literary review.rt3 extraordinary leaders win nobel peace prize advancing  womensrights  democracy & opportunityrtpaul krugman  nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet  ows  newyorktimes retweetbritish bookies dylan (bob) 5 1 nobel lit  leading field.  via|  nobelprize  literature
rtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtrtscientists future habitability onearth depend onthe answer 2 massivelosses2 worlds existingforestsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectors"great article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsfrightening information  rtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtthe ginormous task saving forests climate change & (video)  viart"if tells loves america  hates labor  liar"   abraham lincoln  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  owswith deaths forests  loss crucial climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrttwitter  ff fire gurus...rtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorswith deaths forests  loss key climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsforests  crucial climate protectors  except attack.  albertaforestrywith deaths forests  loss key climate protectorschanging forests   interactive feature
online tools help bands business ... managers recent  rise companies ...online tools help bands business ... managers recent  rise companies ...online tools help bands business ... managers recent  rise companies ...online tools help bands business “the fundamental premise company  production distribut...online tools help bands business   onlinebusinessonline tools help bands businesshigh tech tools help bands market directly fansrthigh tech tools help bands market directly fans topspin media companies offering bands t...so true. definitely world  technology  charm "high tech tools help bands market..   musicindustryrthigh tech tools help bands market directly fansbig agriculture bands pricey pr ... protecting status quo ??rthigh tech tools help bands market directly fansrtneedsoftheoccupiers dads creditcard wifi hotspots dominoes delivery starbucks live bands ecstasy hey spring break.rtneedsoftheoccupiers dads creditcard wifi hotspots dominoes delivery starbucks live bands ecstasy hey spring break.marketing news online tools help bands business   york timeshigh tech tools help bands market directly fans topspin media companies offering bands t...online tools help bands businessdoes nypd white wrist bands identification  ows?   occupywallstreet  usdor  nypdhigh tech tools help bands market directly fans topspin media companies offering bands ...   infohigh tech tools help bands market directly fans  /  entrepreneuronline tools help bands business ... managers recent  rise comp...
alex rodriguez awful alds vs. tigers makes huge contract ... worst yankees  ...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerlupica typical fall yankeesanother reason despise  rtrt  breaking watching chew yankees clubhouse nowyankees  em dump  em 2011  tell stay go...after brief interrogation thehas determined wearing yankees cap  occupywallst wasn undercover nypd.hahahahaha rtyankees confident burnett game 4rtwaaaambulance rtreport mets ‘livid’ portrayal newark  yankees triple sagaequating tigers  occupywallstreet morons yankees corporate fatcats?   thatsafacebookblockinrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees past round; totally rod  legacy continues playoffs.nova  cano tame tigers game 1 rout ivan nova tabbed no. 2 yankees  rotation...yankees valuable franchise forbes york yankees stolen mantle world valuable t...yankees alds hole 5 4 loss tigers a.j.  now. yankees managed to...“yankees beat tigers 10 1 game 4  right. bitches.rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrtare game night party? tweet yankees photos towith hashtag  uphoto publish fan photos websitertyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination
i reviewing babysitting options lol. week night?  :\rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.sitting flashmob  sittingmeeting  libertysquare  opposition  rally  sep23  armenia  yerevanrt woman sitting plastic sheet  occupying wall street day week.protestors sitting safety arrests live      occupywallstnyc  london  anonymous  owsrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.sitting front kids school nypd rolls guy... anaya reaction "it black "globalrevolution reports coming people sitting police vans/buses cuffs food/water; arrested @ 4 6pm   nypdrtguy sitting  nypd tie doesnt details  beyond (cont)we don cops. re sitting park educating.  nypd chosen overtime. (cc)rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.i sitting stairs. plaid shirt.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.the protest video watched nypd arrests... angry. sitting  irritated.rttweeps  am sitting watching  nypd attack peaceful march protesters sidewalk. beating protesters batons.  owsrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.wondering nypd white shirts spend time sitting comfy office chairs don handle job?hmm. slightly confused  occupywallstreet. mean  sitting decades. reason 2008?occupywallstreet feel stupid b4. w/ evil street sitting  unoccupied.  tcot

wow  care message wont tell me?  thats passion bro.   occupywallstreetrtdon forgetrtcompassion fatigue   nytimes.comrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherthe york city buildings  people singing  passion energy surrounding performance; proof  occupywallst. success.rtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtdon forgetrtrtjoin purr & candle lighting 4 lennox 9pm bst (4pmest) justice & compassion al… (cont)watched alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtthe amazing  peoplesmic gain passion message.  occupydenverwhere compassion? hell st vincents hosp $$$ resolved matter w/ victim?where compassion? hell st vincents hosp $$ resolved matter victim..?where compassion? hell st vincents hosp $$$ resolved matter w/ victim..?rtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherim lucky  tahrir square  occupywallst year.both love peace passion justicertdon forget
rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeran amazing chant usa usa fdny & nypd hockey teams  isleshomeopenerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrangers drop season opener ot rangers it. kings corner third peri...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove ...  nytrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerny times yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drov...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerhank williams jr. bounced tonight monday night football opener ... "we extremely disappointed ...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six ...horrible opener thethey join  occupywallstreet re playyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six ...members  nypd  fdny colors  nvmc tonight  nhl  isles  flapanthers season opener.yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openertigers ace verlander set opener vs texas texas rangers won game seas...
rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…nytimes céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier + yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul (cont)dtn fashion fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier an...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion  mode fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  je...rtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...latest news fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier an...rtfashion fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yo...fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...
rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.lots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.
would demographics  takewallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrt‘wrong cart’     graphic commentary cartesian dualism     that’s metaphoran graphic  koch political contributions     ows  anoncorpwatch  anonymous  usdor   occupywallstreeti donno theis sticking w/this print/old graphics & dont change nicer print post. articles  but..rtwe 50 portraits protesters @  occupywallst. demographics diverse movement momentumrtnyt graphic occupy wall street zuccotti park protest camp   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetny times info graphic  people run   jobs.rtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic (cont)rtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic youtu.be/xpomldvaxzcrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtreally? answers please rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtinteresting interactive infographic future economic outlook .rtthe quote week  simple graphic  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnew  occupytogether graphic/image   occupywallstreet  occupychicago   occupyla  yyc  yegrt  witness cops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreet
rtderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80rtderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race th...derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race theory ” mr. bell t...derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race theory ” mr. bell t...derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race theory ” mr. bell t...sad  sad day.  derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80   nytimes.com"sad  sad day. derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80   nytimes.commtderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80     lawstudents  criticalracetheoryderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race the...derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race the...derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race theory ” mr. bell t...derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race theory ” mr. bell t...sylvia robinson  pioneering producer hip hop  dies 75...derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race th...rtsylvia robinson  pioneering producer hip hop  dies 75rtderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80
rtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupierscute  hats sunglasses umbrellas junk evil capitalists..tsk tsk tsk   stupid  p2  occupywallstreet  gameoni found source umbrella hats nyc ... try site   needsoftheoccupiersrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwe thunder  umbrellas ready   takewallstreetrtuhoh   nypd umbrella nazis appear pissed. standby  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydenver plz ice ice ice  duct tape  scrap wood  sturdy supplies  nails  umbrellas shadertwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtoccupiers tabacco  umbrellas rain gears  donate please   occupywallstreet  usdoroccupiers tabacco  umbrellas rain gears  donate please   occupywallstreet  usdorrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetumbrellas fine  tarp them. tarp umbrella ~ nypd  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe thunder  umbrellas ready   takewallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiers pleasertneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydenver plz ice ice ice  duct tape  scrap wood  sturdy supplies  nails  umbrellas shadertwe thunder  umbrellas ready   takewallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet
rtraleigh reno rhode island richmond san diego san francisco seal beach seattle south carolina south dakota tallahassee tampa tennessee  usdorrttexas utah vermont vero beach virgin islands virginia washington dc  washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming usdayofrage.org  usdorrtcity insists concrete makeover coney island boardwalk  angering community board   (via)jogger mauled pit bulls account attack island woman mauled pit bulls remembe...rtgreat seemeteorologist bill evans wearing hockey fights cancer tie sent bynhlrt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rtthe marines staten island landed.   occupywallstreetthe evolution nathaniel rogers house reflects island history   nytimes.comrtcity insists concrete makeover coney island boardwalk  angering community board   (via)rtraleigh reno rhode island richmond san diego san francisco seal beach seattle south carolina south dakota tallahassee tampa tennessee  usdorrttexas utah vermont vero beach virgin islands virginia washington dc  washington west virginia wisconsin wyoming usdayofrage.org  usdorrtcity rat island sells $160 000“7 island students charged sat fraud scheme  shocked people shockingrt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”spotlight | bridgehampton evolution nathaniel rogers house reflects island’s history soci...lirr suspends service lightning strike island railroad temporarily suspended service man...jogger mauled pit bulls account attack island woman mauled pit bulls remembe...rtrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreetrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge. (via)  occupywallstrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island (cont)
focus brother ... focus ..  don kick death dog .. marcha ahead ...head ....rtbrooklyn brdg encounter appears 2b planned ahead time nypd   &  ...rtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsnyt "this crisis 17 moving parts:"  hurdles ahead greek rescue package & fixing  euromess.rtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsmonthly pet horoscope october 2011 jennifer angel month ahead moon pet sign month ...nytimes tough balancing act remains ahead applemonthly pet horoscope october 2011 jennifer angel month ahead moon p...blog post protesters arrested brooklyn bridge appear planned ahead nypd    p2  occupywallstreet  diggrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. itrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsit missing close ahead bridge. list names please?rtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsthere bright future ahead. family plot food gardens sustainable planet.    occupyglobally  usdor  sept17rtthe week ahead oct. 2 — 8rtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtbrooklyn brdg encounter appears 2b planned ahead time nypd   &    occupywallstreetrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  ows
rtto serve protect  tarp real danger. terrorists hiding underneath.  usdormurdoch called  occupywallstreet terrorists&will media (murdoch 70%)coveragetoitdiscussawlaki strike u.s. shift drones terror fight    fly.. bird. bombrt**icymi terrorist symbolism  occupywallstreet protests   >   tcot  usdor  usdayofrage  owsoct 4 cair ny meeting dismantle nypd counterterrorism unit  /viartrtbeating  alqaeda 10  strategy  terror evolve    ct   powerfulpeace.net*rolls eyes* rtjust spotted  nypd counter terrorism here. light (cont)‘days rage’ spreading 2 tulsa  okla.  viaextreme left terrorists.  usdor  usefulidiots  communist  marxismalert cair ny meeting dismantle nypd counterterrorism unit oct 4   radical  islam  a4a  tcot  nycrtquien ha vivido pensando qe era imposible una revolución puede evitar emocionarse viendo  occupywallst  podemos   15orthow terrorists recruited –  libyan  children killed  nato bombs   obama  cameron  sarcozy  uk  eu   usdorrtthe  occupiers resent monitored  nypd  whiteshirt  counterterrorism forces. re  terrorists  re  citizens  reformers.nypd spied anti terror muslim leader dined bloombergrtoct 4 cair ny meeting dismantle nypd counterterrorism unit   nypdnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...ooh  offended called disgusting tweet. excuse  life 1 terrorist won up.rtthis peaceful terrorists  bahrain    nycga  sept17nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...more amazing ppl ffrtminorities afraid  occupywallstreet cia/nypd ho threatening  terrorist  deportation.you re seeing things. nypd terrorists macing girls sidewalk guys you?
rtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweet
rtgetmoneyout  occupywallstinform 99%are people waking up?
occupywallstreet   sign laminate cover withstand rain damage. signs destroyed it.rtso  700 bankers arrested yesterday destroying economy. time  oh  wait...  occupywallstreetdaily destroys pepper spraying  cop   nypd  cops  police  policebrutality  brutality  comedy  laugh  humor  funny"this world beautiful corporate greed destroy it"rttechniques corporate powers (try to) destroy ows movement firedoglake   ows  usdorbloomberg bought paid   job afraid destroying own.  ows  occupywallstreetbudget cuts economic inequality skyrocketisng student debt destroying future. fight futureamericans demand rights destroy usa? believe wrote?  occupywallstreet  owscreate destroy.this march nothing.rtthe world destroyed evil  watch doing anything.  albert einstein  occupywallstreetwe re leaderless media destroys  99percent leaders. job 1%. it?  occupywallstreet 028rtthe world destroyed evil  watch doing anything.  albert einstein  occupywallstreetthe reign percenters income inequality destroying culture | occupy wall str..rt"this world beautiful corporate greed destroy it"rtwall street main street wal mart mom&pops. destroys other.  occupywallstreet  usdorrtit democracy 1% control   destroyed    occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  occupyportland  occupypdxrtit democracy 1% control   destroyed    occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  occupyportland  occupypdxrtreagan insider  gop destroyed u.s. economy    | read|  greed  gopfail  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherrt"this world beautiful corporate greed destroy it"rthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2u wall street marching destroy own freedom. job poor person hiring??
president barack obama warren buffett rule taxes doesn measure   york daily news york daily n...rt.this america  doubt yours.  cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdorrttop contributors barack obama |  . check obama pals .  takewallstreet  occupywallstreettcotso nypd pulling guns w/ swat team   mr.president? remember alabama?rttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdormeet real people  occupywallstreet protesters fightingsite ve seen updated  occupywallstreetwhdnc  takewallstreetrtprotesters target fed  wall street   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  rebelleft  bloomberg  wsj  cnbcoccupywallst  occupybarackobamasfreehomefromtonyrezkopresident barack obama warren buffett rule taxes doesn measure rule presiden...helmo alert country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama ... celeste katz ready s...rt.this america  doubt yours.  cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdorhow white house respond  ows?   usdor  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtare mad house boy  barack  proven america liberalism  bigfail ?  occupywallstreetit lot continue ignore us.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet   ourwallstreet   sept17  occupytogether  usdorpresident barack obama warren buffett rule taxes doesn measurerttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrtyou re welcome  thanks tousa uniting11 reasons  occupywallstreet protesters hypocrites call barack obama resignrtwhere thei voted americans beaten  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet? abandoned people?rthelmo alert      country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama to... adolf hitler? ..
rtduring assembly   occupywallst protesters organize bike rides friday night  7pmcheck video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viartcome  nypd arresting 700 protesters brooklyn bridge  time wisely. bikes safe instead.afsocs   "occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes"  p2  anonymous  ows  unionrtnypd vs bikers  occupywallstrtoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikesoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild  nypd officers motorbikes videorthey. hope re thinking trying shit  nypd bay occupied. won you.  occupytook  cops chainsawed little girl bike half. trying trigger anger. beware   occupywallstreetrtrev billy & choir performing tonight 6pm liberty plaza.   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetwtf? nypd police bring chainsaw cut girls bike apart   occupywallstreet”nypd heard little called america re told re free?  really? girls bike half?who hell  nypd protecting? concrete demolition girl bike apart   serioulsy?  obama  aclu  owsrtoccupy broadway. skaters peace supportnypd gone wild    nypd attacking occupy wall street protesters bikesoccupywallstreet   nypd attacking protesters motor bikescheck video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viacheck video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viartthe nypd demo  circular cut concrete (which handy?) obliterate girl bike  ows  whenisitenoughrtaskmike  nypdoccupytogether  ows girls bike half lower manhattan       occupywallstreetrtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guards


now  amanukyan telling jokes.  rally  opposition  sep30sharunak  armenia  libertysquarertthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters""sexy protesters"  occupywallstreet  joke.  smelled close.solar panels retarded rtnot joke. rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet ve cons worried  bad jokes protesters living mom basement.  novisioni federal spending  wars  issues  wall st owns country   occupywallst joke.occupywallst joke.  idiots protesting clue. ppl looking protest everything.even california  real business people barryo economy. joke  occupywallstreet stuff is.occupywallst ppl referencing  dailykos freakin  joke    obama rally?  tcot  teapartyno joke indeed “this joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtnypd vs  ows video  2 nightsticks  sexual jokewith smile report joke.rtjoke? rtif name arms arrested  call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetsolyndra extras   rtnot joke. rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwoot wootrtjokes aside  impressed. growing daily.  occupywallstreetif brunt twitter jokes aim  occupywallstreet  succeeding.occupywallstreet american dream  don  money smokes & jokes.  p2  moveon.org  mmfartthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"hey   occupywallst folks. injecting message tons internet memes makes ineffective confusing joke.rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"   is.gd/bggfrb  looks park day methadone clinic
rtwowee  media team 350 people trapped 75 arrests  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreet  globalrevolution  usdorrtfirsthand account fromstaffer trapped brooklyn bridge  suspect arrested.  occupywallstreetnyc fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding. 3:27:03 pm viamore reports nypd deliberately mislead marchers onto road  trapped arrested them.  ows  occupywallstreetrt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"so nypd trapped thousand protesters bridge arrest them...please mention ny protesters subjected kettling nypd; trapped bridge arrested.please mention ny protesters subjected kettling nypd; trapped bridge arrested.please mention ny protesters subjected kettling nypd; trapped bridge arrested.please mention ny protesters subjected kettling nypd; trapped bridge arrested.rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"cops trapped bridge   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wiunionrtrtso "occupy" movement cost cash strapped nypd $2 million overtime pay.rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rtspain calls i.p.o. national lottery cash strapped government poor market conditions meant ...the nypd doing yesterday. trapped niggas yeah walk bk bridge protest. block ?in solidarity ny trapped  abused  unlawfully arrested & children  call nypd 212 741 8401rtso "occupy" movement cost cash strapped nypd $2 million overtime pay.
apoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio   acordabrasilapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio  vamos pedir pelos idosos afanados rgpsapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija 1 democracia real  envie uma mensagem dizendo:não somos arruaceiros nem anarquistasapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio
rtlabor unions join fray  occupywallstreet    nypd forced pepper spray.rtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtlabor unions join fray  occupywallstreet    nypd forced pepper spray.rtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtgreat odds indeed.    ows  occupywallstreetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetteamjihad street party  rtoccupywallstreet violent protestors clash police tonight nyrtnypd boss message  occupywallstreet crowd     target    nypd respond force.dont mess w/ blue line  rtlabor unions join fray  occupywallstreet    nypd forced 2 pepper spray.rtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtlabor unions join fray  occupywallstreet    nypd forced pepper spray.rtnypd boss message  occupywallstreet crowd     target    nypd respond force.rtteamjihad street party  rtoccupywallstreet violent protestors clash police tonight nyrtrtman defecates nypd car  occupywallstreet  guess movement.rtrtman defecates nypd car  occupywallstreet  guess movement.way win sympathy rtlabor unions join fray  occupywallstreet    nypd forced pepper spray.
rtomg    scary. brooklyn rough?omg    scary. brooklyn rough?rtomg    scary. brooklyn rough?
rtbanks customers pay debit card fee“bank america charge $5 monthly fee debit card   evil  evil  evil  evilbank america charge $5 monthly fee debit card  /via<~ unsupervised corporate rapists.  ?rtbanks customers pay debit card fee  // yoocheck outrtbanks 2 customers pay fee 4 using debit cards   p2  tcot  finance  debit instead credit?“banks enforce debit card fee  maybe taxes  bank fees jobs.bad balance sheets.what econrtbofa makes $1 billion month announces it’s 2 charge customers $5 month 2 own money debit cards. occupywallstshame. shame. shame. rtbank america charge $5 monthly fee debit cardrtbofa makes $1 billion month announces it’s 2 charge customers $5 month 2 own money debit cards. occupywallstnytimes banks customers pay fee using debit cardsrtbofa makes $1 billion month announces it’s 2 charge customers $5 month 2 own money debit cards. occupywallstrtwhere tea party protesting bank america 5 dollar debit fees? excessive tax public?  occupywallstreetcongressional effort cut debit card charges retailers merely shifted ... congressional rules changing...rtbank america charge $5 monthly fee debit cardrtbanks customers pay debit card feebanks customers pay fee using debit cards   york timesrtguess "cash only" rtbanks customers pay debit card feebottomless greed.  rtbanks customers pay debit card feegrrrrr.... rtbank america charge $5 monthly fee debit cardbanks customers pay debit card feeare kidding me?   bankofamerica starting $5 monthly fee purchases debit card    occupywallst
rteven jpmorgan lost 40% stock value 2011 ($90 billion)  scraped $4.6 million nypd bodyguards.news changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering a...rteven jpmorgan lost 40% stock value 2011 ($90 billion)  scraped $4.6 million nypd bodyguards.a changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...a changed n.h.l. guards shots head   ahc  asianhockeyrtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guardsget 4  occupywallstreet?crime prevention officers gear guards&info oct5til12p unsqrteven jpmorgan lost 40% stock value 2011 ($90 billion)  scraped $4.6 million nypd bodyguards.news changed n.h.l. guards shots headnew hashtag  thingsoccupiershate    jews  rep. john lewis  nypd cars  smithsonian guards  bathing   am missing?new hashtag idea  thingsoccupiershate    jews  rep. john lewis  nypd cars  smithsonian guards  & bathing   am missing?rtnew hashtag idea  thingsoccupiershate    jews  rep. john lewis  nypd cars  smithsonian guards  & bathing   am missing?a changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...rtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guardsa changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering ...rtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guardsrtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guardsdtn usa changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering fro...a changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...rteven jpmorgan lost 40% stock value 2011 ($90 billion)  scraped $4.6 million nypd bodyguards.rteven jpmorgan lost 40% stock value 2011 ($90 billion)  scraped $4.6 million nypd bodyguards.
occupywallst feasible  heartbeat. job family feed prevent...rtmust read byon online dialogue  occupywallst  "a strong steady heartbeat spreading."bang drum armies march beat drum  heartbeat mother soon time dance.reviewsbeats pro heartbeats bydesigned ammunition   fad.fireworks lower manhattan. about?rtmust read byon online dialogue  occupywallst  "a strong steady heartbeat spreading."

rtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreet
rtrturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.urgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rtrturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.
word rtrtthe assembly  occupywallst websitertword rtrtthe assembly  occupywallst websitertwhen "good ones" ofoccupywallstrtwhich  humanrights  theresamay lose?  terrorism  nastyparty  cpc11rtthis read  (cont)met+at  occupywallstreet tonight. nice; checking twitter streams red flags police talkyawn... rtaskabout political platform  edgy. (cc)you mean attending  occupywallstreet?yrti highly suggest moving media meetings street bubble tea cart. delicious   occupywallstdid  copwatch duty tonight?yes  welcome. surprising  amount  tommorow  copwatch.wish wanted.  problem.  re protesting generic vague strawmen  occupywallstreetrtthey anarchists   simply destructive  creating trouble   occupywallstreetbachmann pat robertson. casual observers american politics re nuts.rtwhen "good ones" ofoccupywallstaskabout political platform  edgy. (cc)rtwhen "good ones" ofoccupywallst

occupywallst  occupyharvard  occupygoogle  occupyrichpeoplesstuff  occupyeverythingoccupywallst  occupytheharvardclub 44th 5th & 6th ...do brah viva equalitycritic’s notebook reality tv debate   critic’s notebook teams harvard columbia debate question  ...rtderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80rtderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80rtthe worst hospitals treat poorest americans study harvard school public healthharvard  yale  billions dollars pay  taxes ..occupy  owsrtrip derrick bell  law professor racial advocate  dies 80  quit harvard law protest hiring practicesmonaeltahawy rip derrick bell  law professor racial advocate  dies 80  quit harvard...  .derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race th...derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race theory ” mr. bell t...rtspecial events   harvard book store glenn greenwald   occupywallstreet  ows   ourwallstreet  occupy  usdorderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race theory ” mr. bell t...honored2 received scholarship wife name:derrick bell  harvard law prof diesnytimes.comderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80rtaudio gerald celente    princeton   harvard   yale   bullets   bombs  &  banks   occupywallstreetbook harvard professor details corruption govt manifesto  congress  gop  demsif tea party occupied harvard  student council start using terms "trespass" & "private property".  occupywallstreetrtnew york city police department sponsored wall street  inequality  ows  harvard  nypdderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80
rtnews analysis greece’s urgency challenges european union effortswall street protesters quietly nypd cops support efforts  time understood left fights rights 2rtnews analysis greece’s urgency challenges european union effortsrti willing ready help voter registration efforts connected  occupywallstreet  opvotereggreece’s urgency challenges european union effortsgreece’s urgency challenges european union effortsrtlivestream ga locals thanks  occupywallstreet cleaning efforts  park clean there. thanksrthithanks efforts. gas masks deal stench  occupywallstreet  happily donate $ one.“news analysis greece’s urgency challenges european union effortsstill supporting efforts ofand hoping police brutality nypd slows down.  occupywallstreetrthithanks efforts. gas masks deal stench  occupywallstreet  happily donate $ one.you focus efforts canada.rtoccupy efforts  oregon   more?   ows  occupywallst  occupyor  occupypdxgod bless efforts. west coast supports 100%int nyt  greece’s urgency challenges european union effortsrtnews analysis greece’s urgency challenges european union effortsrtlots federal reserve talk people calling  occupywallst focus efforts there. you?rtnews analysis greece’s urgency challenges european union effortsrtlots federal reserve talk people calling  occupywallst focus efforts there. you?i believe  dhs efforts  inre  ows partially routed specific programi applaud efforts protestors   occupywallstreet
the nypd nyclu announced settlement april 2008...which require followingrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorupdate nypd confirms person died following east river helicopter crash  choppercrashrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing.  usdorrtwe re following lead  york. re 100%i reviewing babysitting options lol. week night?  :\rtthis mindblowing me.  occupywallstreet protestors using  people microphonethanks using quote..very relevant days seems..rtnypd released video officer warning occupy wall street protestors arrested walked bklyn bridge roadway  cnnphew  simpsons  cancellation avoided cast  fox reaches season deal following salary disputethe & forth banter hilarious  following & probably  wlf confusion.rtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedmaybe call 4 team effort compare "following" w/ "unfollowing"  replier & rterswho conjured idea allowing mere humans lead population people?  occupywallst leaders.  occupythehoodvideo nypd officer repeatedly swings & strikes protesters baton   ows 2 2 himmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing.  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrtoccupywallstreet growing friday. protest responsibly  rights demonstrate &  nypdrtwhen  occupywallstreet bums aren throwing hissy fit streets  busy occupying mom basement.
rt “twitter shuts reactivates protest accttwitter shuts   reactivates    occupywallstreet supporters account   spam   nydaily news     pcjfprotest war shuts museum washington   york timesbraiden harvey protest war shuts museum washington   york times globe mailprotest war shuts mu...twitter shuts reactivates protest acct trouble finding occupy wall street protesters t...dtn india wall street row nypd arrests scores; shuts brooklyn bridge york  oct 3: on saturday  occupy wal...nypd shuts greenwich & albany erect observation tower. 9/11 memorial threat?   (cc)rt"twitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting wall st. protesters  spam ".greece public sector shuts strike debt crisis stepstwitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting wall st. protesters  spamwall street row nypd arrests scores; shuts brooklyn bridge   newsreal capitalism start own clothing store. fake capitalism walmart shuts & hires greeter.  usdor  occupywallstreetprotest war shuts museum washington   york timesrtnypd shuts greenwich & albany erect observation tower. 9/11 memorial threat?   (cc).i don ie9. firefox 7 shuts tho. thxrtreal capitalism start own clothing store. fake capitalism walmart shuts & hires greeter.  usdor  occupywallstreettwitter shuts reactivates protest accttwitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting ...twitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting wall st. protesters  spam .twitter twitter shuts reactivates protest acctrttwitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting  ows ..
haggerty defender vacco celeste katz nydn city hall bureau chief erin einhorn provid...haggerty defender vacco celeste katz nydn city hall bureau chief erin einhorn provid...rtcatching mayor bloomberg defends paying allies  legal fees john haggerty case..this stuff. bloomberg stand  rtnothing  mr. mayor   haggertyhaggerty defender vacco | york daily newsnow taking stand john haggerty squeeze | york daily newsrtin haggerty’s trial  details home sale emergemayor bloomberg former campaign account admits dated john haggerty ... fiona reid  willowy blond  ap...rtcity live blogging bloomberg testimony haggerty trialwe folks live tweetingat  haggerty trialand.elvis left building  rtno qs da; bloomberg steps  haggertymayor expected stand haggerty trialmayor endures harsh cross examination haggerty trialhaggerty former lover unaware misspent campaign fundsa potential juror john haggerty endeared reporters cover manhattan supreme court.catching mayor bloomberg defends paying allies  legal fees john haggertyhaggerty defender vacconow taking stand john haggerty squeezecity live blogging bloomberg testimony haggerty trialfollow+for live coverage  haggerty trial.rtin  haggerty trial  bloomberg read documents loud bc evidence

rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetby timothy bella  cbsnewyork.com york (cbsnewyork) — midst jersey gubernatorial campaign in...rteveryone try record badge lawsuits. feel free tweet them.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtplease  usdor "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallst" ericallenbell.orgplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtoccupywallstreet  usdor  anonymous please crazy "the york times changin " ericallenbell.orgbusy corner park lafaette st genessee st...by liberty bell hotel utica utica  ny thursday  october 13 5:00pm  .  ourwallstreetrtany protester cell phone  call 1 800 341 ccrb & badge  wont pee  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtnypd buses rikers set afternoon ready the[6:47:07 pm] isabelle  yerevan  hima  sksela  libertysquare  opposition  sep30sharunak  rally  ltp ??????? ????? ?? ??? ?? ????? ?? ???????rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtas police arrests happened  livestream views ~8 000 20 000+. stand  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtany protester cell phone  call 1 800 341 ccrb & badge  wont pee  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtprotesters target fed  wall street   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  rebelleft  bloomberg  wsj  cnbcrtas police arrests happened  livestream views ~8 000 20 000+. stand  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet"great article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrt1 000+ ppl march las vegas strip solidarity w/  ows  occupywallstreet (seen front bellagio)   occupylvrtfrom police scanner "zone adam". liberty park wall st?  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrturgent please "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd stop  occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgtry
rtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viamassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartoccupywallstreet solidarity march enthusiastic &massive. nypd trying stop getting actual wall strtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrti wonder 1% getting nervous. massive. washingtonsqpark  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedtop story massive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallst... twitpicrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed
rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.in period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.“in period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.
rtlargest identity theft ring u.s. history busted queens  111 indicted $13 million fraudrtqueens museum considers selling rooftop ad space eyes plane passengersrtqueens museum considers selling rooftop ad space eyes plane passengersrt %40nydailynews nypd%3a arrest attempted rape foiled ex marine queens http%3a%2f%2fnydn.us%2fprrcnrrtiphone thief queens picture emailed owner igotya app  forwarded..rtqueens mom erum malik grateful igotya app iphone stolenqueens woman blames death alzheimer patient father access ride york (cbsnewyork) — queens famil...very cool library. proud literacy station  story discovery center queens central libraryrtrtthere  7 b/t queensboro plaza & times sq weekend.queens   homicide 90 16 corona ave. female found dead.  nypd crime scene establish.  nycteen facing deportation reprieve queens teen facing immediate deportation bangladesh minu...teen girl mom deportation family suitcase packed  queens teen facing deportation...killer wife acquitted murder  winners  queens woman beat murder conviction for...rtlargest identity theft ring u.s. history busted queens  111 indicted $13 million fraudformer marine foils rape wooded queens roadsmh woulda stopped 2million tops rt$13 million identify theft ring busted queensrta sadly typical story nypd malfeasance queens cyclist doored double parked limo.   bikenyccaught  queens fugitive nabbed firing shot. props the. feel safercaught  queens fugitive nabbed firing shot.  props the.  feel saferswag rtqueens 178 pl & baisley blvd. home invasion robbery. nypd looking 3 black males  (cont)queens   update   serious mva grand central pky e/b near 84th street.  nypd hwy sgt confirming ai job.  nyc
rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination"tigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination  lolrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationtigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination justin verlander dominant ...rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationtigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination justin verlander domi...rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationtigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination  / veces se pierde  otras se gana :(rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationtigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination  2  haharttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationmooi  rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination
rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.in period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.asian stocks decline south  europe anxieties flaregerman jobless rate declines data unemployment fell sharply september  reflecting continued hiring b...rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.occupywallstreet failure institutions  viacrestingwave  declinertin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.german jobless rate declines    celiobusinessdeskrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.
rthi  occupywallstreet  tell "fair share" is? know. tweet  objective definition?rtour protesters intimidating  know. 1  via...rtjust thanked  nypd  "when gonna join already?" replied w/ smile  "i know.  right?"  occupywallstreetwhat tweeter handle photographer  follow? pixs?   please know.rtrturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rtoccupywallstreet  attention clash  nypd  run finanicial institutions know.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rtjust thanked  nypd  "when gonna join already?" replied w/ smile  "i know.  right?"  occupywallstreetrturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.this country ruined. short film explains know.   occupywallstreetrturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rtrtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor ...rt“did know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don   usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.”rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.rtdid know...  jpmorganchaseownstwittershares ... don  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet & trends list.”rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.heck  don know.  san francisco.  checkandto re streaming it.rtjust thanked  nypd  "when gonna join already?" replied w/ smile  "i know.  right?"  occupywallstreetrtthe route city via edge lane saddest sights know...

rthej  multiversal occupiers. welcome age power connectivity. nice finally meet you.  solidarity  15oct  usdoroccupywallstreet  globalrevolution arrives usa   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  15oct  15m  takewallstreet(video) occupywallstreet  globalrevolution arrives usa   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  15oct  15m  takewallstreet(video) occupywallstreet  globalrevolution arrives usa    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  15oct  15m  takewallstreet(video) occupywallstreet  globalrevolution arrives usa   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  15oct  15m  ows  otnrtff150ct  15m  event15octanonymous threatens  erase nyse internet   /viaows  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  15ortbreaking news 700 arrested  occupywallstreet 8 hours. 200 update.nypd arrests 700  occupywallstreet protesters  brooklynbridge   takewallstreet  ows  15octthis list tells  needsoftheoccupiers boston  check    15oct  occupyboston  ows7 core demands  occupywallstreet movement   15oct  takewallstreet  owsto occupy washington  followandand ht  oct6   15octrtnolesvotes  15m  15o  worldrevolution  ows virtual march wallstreet wednesday support  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallst se extiende  eeuu de austin portland  boston salt lake city       15m  15o  acampadasol  9deagostortwelcomeoccupygainesville  occupyflorida     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtnypd arresting child  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyortatención forbes dice que  occupywallstreet es un éxito reconocido por la prensa   brooklynbridge  15m  15ortlive blog  occupywallstreet week & growing stronger day   takewallstreet from¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyorthej  multiversal occupiers. welcome age power connectivity. nice finally meet you.  solidarity  15oct  usdor
rtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtrepwho sources sent memo dhs quash  occupywallstreet $10k citizen united   usdorrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtrt10k citizens  occupybrooklynbridge  chant "this peaceful protest" nypd block bridge  start arrests.rtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtkurds invade guardian offices coverage. 10k guardian references "kurds". 42k refs "assange". kurds right.watching livestream w/10k aspushes arrest peaceful protesters brooklyn bridge   p2  tlotrtoccupy update  occupyportland 10k protesters   mayorsamadams walked protesters  occupyseattle  takewallstreet  ows ...rtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrepwho sources sent memo dhs quash  occupywallstreet $10k citizen united   usdorrtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtrepwho sources sent memo dhs quash  occupywallstreet $10k citizen united   usdoru offer $10k prize proof spit occupy protests.  hunch nypd lil wet.
rtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetwhat reward orderly conduct? peace liberty pursuit happiness? police methods outdated sophomoricrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetwe seen planet poisoned harmful economics. thank standing freedom mutual happiness all.watch video  speech   occupytogetherliberty  freedom pursuit  happinessrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreet
rtnypd released video officer warning occupy wall street protestors arrested walked bklyn bridge roadway  cnnrtplease verify  nypd told warned protesters entering roadway. reason 4 this?rtknow steer trouble nypd broadway bomb    longboard  nyc  longboardingrtknow steer trouble nypd broadway bomb    longboard  nyc  longboardingrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesparents kids attend  autism friendly matinee lion king broadway.   disability  artsrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayreuters makes mention nypd giving  occupywallst protesters access brooklyn bridge roadway.this democracy? nypd  occupywallstreet protesters onto brooklyn bridge  lead roadway  trap nets arrest them.rtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtrturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.coparazzi please follow marchers broadway liberty park. eye nypd ensure funny business  occupywallstreetrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtoccupy broadway. skaters peace supportclass action lawsuit filed brooklyn bridge arrests nypd led/escorted onto roadway intentional entrapmentrturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.broadway & liberty  occupywallst  occupywallstreetviacom 1515 broadway  york  ny 10019 6752  usdor  ocupywallstreetrtthe charges received  occupywallstreet failure obey  prohibited roadway  blocking trafficrturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.
rtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycsome kept secret.  late   “report feds stinger missiles nyc   fb  bigfailrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycumm  yikes? "the secret service brings stinger missiles whenever commander chief manhattan." (via)report fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nyc wowrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nyc
rtnypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestornypd supervisor caught video punching citizen protest   photographyrtvideo  nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet peaceful protestorrtvideo  nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor    ...nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor   occupytogether  occupywallsti liked avideo nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreetrtnypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor   thewholeworldiswatchingrt"nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor face.  want.pig name.rtvideo  nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet peaceful protestorrtthursday afternoon police brutality nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor  arresting.rtvideo  nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor    ...nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestorrtnypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestorrtthursday afternoon police brutality nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor  arresting.rtnypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor   thewholeworldiswatchingrtnypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestorrtcheck video    nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestorrtnypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestorrt"nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor face.  want.pig name.rt"nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor face.  want.pig name.rtnypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor


rtoccupywallstreet protests sparked hundreds events onlie   wall street criminals bribe nypd  police round hundreds peaceful occupy wall street protesterspolice hundreds wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridge  cnn  nypd allow peaceful protesttax pledges lose allure eyes reform hundreds republicans signed  including six the..._only_ hundreds seventeen rtsteve jobs’s patentshundreds police plaza.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrt1 left wing rally  700 arrested & hundreds nypd presence  occupywallstreet ..  hundreds  teaparty rallies  arrests  minimal policertrtpolice saying hundred arrested.   occupywallstreetreported couple hundred  occupywallst protesters march police plaza. hundreds? march?rtshame  nypd shame rtpolice saying hundred arrested.   occupywallstreetrthundreds arrested protest   occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtlocal stations  nyc little 50 arrested  whilesays hundreds  400+  occupywallstreeets up? cat tongue? oh  busy processing hundreds peaceful protesters. policing  failrto haiyou re live twitter & news arresting hundreds peaceful protesters brooklyn bridge. world watchingnypd arrest hundreds brooklyn bridge protesters occupy wall street movement corralled arres...rtnypd arrest hundreds brooklyn bridgenypd arrest hundreds brooklyn bridgertword ground hundred reportedly arrested.  occupywallstreet“nyc lays hundreds school employees   newyorkcity” sigh. needed.rtsky news  hundreds wall street protesters arrested   occupywallstreet  freedomofspeechrtwait. hundreds arrests  occupywallst demonstrations??  teaparty rallies? 3 years?  ows  tcot  p2  tpcops
rtgood morning  occupywallstreet  reportedly rally  verizon workers 11:30 am. events  too.occupywallstreet leaderless resistance bigger person group; messages freedom  workers  ecology hope world  owsrthere  200 000 transport workers union votes support occupy wall streetrtthere workers getting shit beat  occupywallstreet & progs mourning death sweatshop ownerrtfull statement support  occupywallstreet united steel workers international president   ourwallstreet  uswabusive nypd shitting pants thousands union workers occupywallstreet. gamertheyrt  "ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether""ny bus workers   union suing  nypd abusing authority buses  ows paddy wagons   bloombergrt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rtoffice workers lunch break drop assembly meeting.  occupyboston  occupywall...rtmanhattan da seek indictments 10 subway workers & 39;signalgate& 39;rtoccupy wall street  support transport workers; union provide protestors food  s...   occupywallstreetrtny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreetrtga speaker statement transit workers union oppose nypd comandeering mta (aka their) buses detain protestors.  occupywallstrtgood morning  occupywallstreet  reportedly rally  verizon workers 11:30 am. events  too.the argument investing knowledge workers  friedman   robot job?rtfull statement support  occupywallstreet united steel workers international president   ourwallstreet  uswnike pays workers 30cents hr $140 shoe. passed consumer & goes ceo pockethospital workers union support following 1 wk food & registered nurses train team   occupywallstreetrthow union lobbying cost workers?    usdor  occupykst  occupywallstreetunions join wall street protest march thousands union workers joined protesters marching downtown manhat...
rtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny march
if call series whimper  don baseball    leave don baseball : )rtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcatalogo de genialidad rtstevejobs  apple patents  1980s computer ios based devicesrtwhen  occupywallstreet bums aren throwing hissy fit streets  busy occupying mom basement.you base evidence?  occupywallstreet shown support politicians knowledge.obama endorse base camp.   beloved street agitators.bats joy needless baseball details besides mountain statistics  baseball reference.com artfully ca...30 secs talking hep & 15 minutes talking baseball trying 2 educate people failedrtarticle resource based economy   occupywallstreet2 weeks idiot town wearing memorial "nypd" baseball cap  idiot town disparaging people.watch sample republican base hank williams  jr =>   ignoranthatertoccupywallstreet ve cons worried  bad jokes protesters living mom basement.  novisionto people trying  occupywallstreet base acampaign. take..and shove arse.rtcheck piece york times today. love iphone. literally – based research did...rtalert  occupysf trying shut base camp legal observers  is.gd/dmcsbn  occupywallstreet  owsrttheory nypd arrested 700 released docs. creating database protesters  term vs touristrtexplore catalog  stevejobs  apple patents  1980s computer ios based devicesrt"we building world  based human sustainability  corporate greed.”    occupywallstreetmainstreammedia bought paid entity system.zeitgeist  resourcebasedeconomyfirst ve heard protest. looks nypd employ hippie club.the  occupywallstreet lot  anonymous  basement dwellers getting fresh air.
check video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viavideo  nypd gone wild drones vs  occupywallstreet?   police  pigs  fbafsocs   "occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes"  p2  anonymous  ows  unionrtwild. rtabout 400 arrested  police say.  occupywallstreet.rtoccupywallstreet lit wildfire global peoples movement. co opted sold out. violent change rules day.rtoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikesrtnypd seeking suspect shooting  arizonawildcats kevin parromoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild  nypd officers motorbikes videorays grab wild card sox collapse dan johnson home run bottom ninth completed seven run..."wild. rtabout 400 arrested  police say.  occupywallstreet." damncheck video    occupywallst   nypd gone wild 10 5 11 1  vianypd gone wild    nypd attacking occupy wall street protesters bikesrtcongress bill giveaway 50 million acres public owned wildlands oil gas & mining    oct6  usdor  p2  p21rtspread wildfire:new york times change story al baker police bureau chief involved   occupywallstreetnypd gone wild drones vs  occupywallstreet?check video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viartspread wildfire:new york times change story al baker police bureau chief involved   occupywallstreetcheck video    occupywallst   nypd gone wild 10 5 11 1  viacheck video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viaweaponized drones? please watch rtrtnypd gone wild [video]   occupywallstreet  p2  owsrttwitter  ff fire gurus...
are  foreclosures  killing ?      shortsaleversusforeclosure.com  shortsalert"are top students getting short shrift?" ny timesrtjust short convo wand stresses clearest message  occupywallstreet convey money politics.  usdorjennifer aniston tours inova breast care center  screens short film  five  cancer impact ...   breastcanceri ve seen him. arms  short.rtsite ready  content added shortly  www.occupybritain.co.uk/  occupylsx  occupywallst  occupy  uk rta.c.c. falls short critical measure success a.c.c. isn’t  except comes bowl c...with time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsrtjust short convo wand stresses clearest message  occupywallstreet convey money politics.  usdoryanks rally 9th  fall short 5 3 game 2 alds affair. tigers evened ser...acc falls short critical measure success  ve got.” acc  luc...rtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsthis country ruined. short film explains know.   occupywallstreetnbc news flashed report pics  nbc nightly run footage shortly standshort termism energy revolutions (nyt)short termism energy revolutions (nyt)short termism energy revolutions (nyt)rich witch understand potus   worry shorty. loony gop.rtbronx    nypd  missing child 66 176th st. child male black light skin. short hair black. level called regards (d7)rtoccupywallst  ocupy warning   short url sent dms leads fake twiitter login page   hijack accountsrtleftist sign  ows   "who oil? ride bus"  via/// short bus  obviously  occupywallst
rthow movement go? la “we re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreet”rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtlawd shirt rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreet   teamfollowback  oustopressionrtrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreet /// ummm...no reallyyes. yes  yes  yes. rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreet“we re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreet”. perps caused live darien ct. therethis.  fyw rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtlet hope stays way. rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetronpaul2012  duopoly rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtronpaul2012  duopoly rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtlawd shirt rtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreetrtwe re beyond republican democrat dichotomy  occupywallstreet
news changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering a...totally. especially mugshots.a changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...a changed n.h.l. guards shots head   ahc  asianhockeymanhattan   shots fired 132 st & lenox ave. brief foot pursuit suspect.  nypd canvassing are.  nycnews changed n.h.l. guards shots headwhat nypd  occupywallstreet  couple officers opinion least.  forum screen shotsa changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...i nypd rubber bullets groin shots. boys don worry there.a changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering ...dtn usa changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering fro...a changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...rtterrible rain. trying night shots. soaked.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupysaid b4  again. white shirts & hot shots nypd acting agents blackwater  city.  shamertsneaky straphangers snapping shots  subway studs saucy site     mta  lovea changed n.h.l. guards shots headrtawesome shots  dc  rtfor one. awesome pic   occupywallstreet  sep17fwdqueens 168 14 144 terrace. shots fired marshal 2 perps custody  1 outstanding. requesting esu & aviation. ...nypd bottled pedestrian traffic reacting  occupywallstreet  pulaskidayparade shotsrta changed n.h.l. guards shots heada changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...
rtyou crazy obama  nut jobs. obama running show. sour kids?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  tcotows  cspjrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.hey  sent media request 2 interview 1 organizers radio show. hope happen. stay coursea plea networks stop giving reality lead.   law & nypd blue show...ok“watch word w/lawrence. jesse lagreca interview w/fox show.”rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.see artwork tomorrow  ows exhibition. comment art show. 23 wall st. @ 6. meet fellow 99%.  occupywallstnycsee artwork tomorrow  ows exhibition. comment art show. 23 wall st. @ 6. meet fellow 99%.new york free cheap events  10/8/2011 dress favorite costume cosplay fashion show...rtoccupywallstreet tv show.   usdorrtbyoccupywallstreet tv show.  usdor  owsrtthis top story day. best. show.  arrested development  returning tv seasonrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtoccupywallstreet tv show.   usdorrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtoccupywallstreet tv show.   usdorrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.you re kidding. rtmandela grandchildren star own reality show. honest tune in?"blue bloods" underrated show. course  biased towards police  especially nypd shows. seriously  check
rton runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion weeknytimes paris fishy dinner table talk kanye west riccardo tisci...   fashionon runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk...  | nytimes  fashionon runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...info runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye we...dtn fashion runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk ...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...fashion  mode runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinn...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye ...   styleon runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...clothing  style runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion weekon runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...nytfashionandstyle dinner table talk kanye west riccardo tisci give...   bling  jewelryon runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...
rtiphone video police brutality rallythe night stoked labor rally 2moro  occupywallstreetcarrier rivalry sharpens iphone comes sprinta tribute  iphones“rage” devs love ipad/iphone potentialthe  iphone finally personal "assistant"  /viartyou love iphone. literally.   apple  iphone  mktg  brand“rage” devs love ipad/iphone potentialapple unveils iphone 4s voice recognition features   nytimes.comrtiphone thief queens picture emailed owner igotya app  forwarded..rtqueens mom erum malik grateful igotya app iphone stolenyou love iphone. literally.   nytimes.com   in“rage” devs love ipad/iphone potential“rage” devs love ipad/iphone potential“rage” devs love ipad/iphone potential“rage” devs love ipad/iphone potential“rage” devs love ipad/iphone potential“rage” devs love ipad/iphone potential“rage” devs love ipad/iphone potentialapple unveils iphone 4s...not iphone 5 gadget geeks waiting iphone 5 wait little longer...“rage” devs love ipad/iphone potentialrthold sec... tweet iphone capitalism sucks. hold latte...  occupywallstreet  tcot  tlot  teaparty  tpp


rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.in period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.“in period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.
rtglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupyknoxville  usdorrtglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupyatlanta  usdorrtglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupyseatle  usdorrtthx  free markets corporatists & statists educating kids rt...great website.  book& corporatist bourgeois democratic party 10/8/11   occupywallst"capitalist" shud dirty word  means earn spend  thats gud. "corporatist" = badyou mean guys eating meat dairy?  diet corporatists. tofu greens me.rtglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupyjackson  usdorrtteaparty dumb portray  occupywallstreet  "partisan" movement. expose true corporatist ideology  p2  tcotrtglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupymemphis  usdorjp morgan buys  nypd  wonder brutalize anti corporatists instead serve protect...rtglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupydenver  usdorglobal revolution day october 15th   expect   occupyyourcity rock corporatist world   occupywallstreet  usdorglobal revolution day october 15th   expect   protestthemachine rock corporatist world   occupydallas  usdorglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupychicago  usdorglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupycleveland  usdorglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupyla  usdorglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupydenver  usdorglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupyatlanta  usdorglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupybirmingham  usdorglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupyportland  usdor
that inherent risk economy unstable risky behavior "too fail"  occupywallstreetrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter...rtcelebrities talking heads save us.  stable institutions people will.   usdorrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger ha… (cont)rtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverthat idea.& thinking joining  wlfdatingservice run bywlfrtrtcurrent report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue.  helicopterrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east river"current report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue.rtcurrent report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue. helicopterbrooklyn *update* people shot nostrand ave & herkimer st. reportedly stable.  nypd  nyc  shooting   brooklyn (d88)occupy wall street   photos (photos)  occupywallstbyline beat sis  occupywallst andhas covering  occupyportland today.rtideology save us.  stable institutions will.   usdorrtcelebrities talking heads save us.  stable institutions people will.   usdorrtcelebrities talking heads save us.  stable institutions people will.   usdorrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east river
rtneedsoftheoccupiers rtoccupyatlanta generator  blankets  sleeping bags  tents  tables  medical & digital media suppliesrtpacking trip staal won packing bags join rangers sweden team announced loss in...occupywallstreet &  occupyworld rain  don forget wet weather clothing. bin bags cover spares 4 others.rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydc macpherson square washington dc 20006 15th street & street blankets sleeping bags foodalso sending energy drinks... signs. markers. sending bags coffee flying coffee rain xdrtneedsoftheoccupiers "tents & sleeping bags  " drop donations city hall northrtoccupyla logistics  needsoftheoccupiers  "tents & sleeping bags  " drop donations city hall northrtneedsoftheoccupiers rtoccupyatlanta generator  blankets  sleeping bags  tents  tables  medical & digital media suppliesnyc assembly  needsoftheoccupiers sleeping bags  blankets  tarps  plastic storage bins dry.rtneedsoftheoccupiers rtoccupyatlanta generator  blankets  sleeping bags  tents  tables  medical & digital media suppliesbreaking ganeedsoftheoccupiers   plenty clothes sleeping bags  ponchos & xl clothing   werestillherebreaking ganeedsoftheoccupiers   plenty clothes sleeping bags  ponchos & xl clothing   globalrevolutionsleeping bags asap  needsoftheoccupiersglobalrevolution  anonops  opwarmthbill rights? constitution? doesn apply some?  wallstreetscumbagsrtwe dry sock station. dry socks plastic bags socks shoes wet.  ourwallstreetrtwhy send punks afghanistan fight bring heroes home?  shitbags realitywe dry sock station. dry socks plastic bags socks shoes wet.  ourwallstreetrtoccupydenver appreciate donations blankets/sleeping bags  needsoftheoccupiersqueens *update* armed robbery walgreens; francis lewis & hollis ave.  nypd level 1 mobilization. 2 males guns  bags faces.rtoccupyla logistics  needsoftheoccupiers  "tents & sleeping bags  " drop donations city hall northrtoccupyla logistics  needsoftheoccupiers  "tents & sleeping bags  " drop donations city hall north


rta picture worth 1000 words  caption slant story. fuck youoccupywallsreetrtrtthe gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...rta picture worth 1000 words  caption slant story. fuck youoccupywallsreetcan follow dm? smth astory.filling jails nyc.occupywallstreet bailout+stimulus largest xfer wealth public >private history.rta picture worth 1000 words  caption slant story. fuck youoccupywallsreetrtturning bridge arrests said/she wrong story. protesters taking bridge regardless  power....rti blame  occupywallst people getting arrested bklyn bridge  story.rti blame  occupywallst people getting arrested bklyn bridge  story.a picture worth 1000 words  caption slant story. fuck youoccupywallsreetrta picture worth 1000 words  caption slant story. fuck youoccupywallsreetrtthe gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...the gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...rthuh. 20 min posting  thesignificantly changed brooklyn bridge arrest story.  occupywallstreetrthuh. 20 min posting  thesignificantly changed brooklyn bridge arrest story.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet advocating system government murdered people 100 history.rti blame  occupywallst people getting arrested bklyn bridge  story.rti blame  occupywallst people getting arrested bklyn bridge  story.rta picture worth 1000 words  caption slant story. fuck youoccupywallsreetthxnytimes changes story.jpg  grtz cineversity.tvthxnytimes changes story.jpg  grtz cineversity.tv
rtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrt"opening show" spots limited. world famous dr peter kinensa "first global insights show"   nytimes  telegraph  forbesrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtrtmy story willa  11 girl trademark battle w/ p&grtrtwell  home  oregonoccupy    // thanks peter   owsoh yes reps cantor peter king saying ridiculous ows fearrtspread wildfire:new york times change story al baker police bureau chief involved   occupywallstreetrtspread wildfire:new york times change story al baker police bureau chief involved   occupywallstreetrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtmake 1 mil? paying 24% feds.  occupywallstreet 100k pay 9.9%. according apfactcheck.  tcot rich pay enough.rtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstus york sue bank foreign exchange fees eric dash peter lattman york attorney genera...rtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtrtwell  home  oregonoccupy    // thanks peter   owsrtrtwell  home  oregonoccupy    // thanks peter   owsrttakewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  feedtheprotest brooklyn photos peter harrisrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallst
rtadbusters indignants marching.  occupywallstreet global?  course could. will.  usdorrtadbusters indignants marching.  occupywallstreet global?  course could. will.  usdorrtadbusters indignants marching.  occupywallstreet global?  course could. will.  usdori will. isn near organize somewhen.adbusters indignants marching.  occupywallstreet global?  course could. will.  usdorrtcelebrities talking heads save us.  stable institutions people will.   usdorrtoccupy  wallst (last one) nervous idea cops pepper spray will.  nypd shoot planesrtadbusters indignants marching.  occupywallstreet global?  course could. will.  usdorrtideology save us.  stable institutions will.   usdorrtcelebrities talking heads save us.  stable institutions people will.   usdorrtcelebrities talking heads save us.  stable institutions people will.   usdorrtadbusters indignants marching.  occupywallstreet global?  course could. will.  usdorrtideology save us.  stable institutions will.   usdorrtadbusters indignants marching.  occupywallstreet global?  course could. will.  usdorwas waiting re emerge  tweet ya. stay strong  will.  occupywallst  occupystlhello will. leaving boston cover occupation  butwill excellent interview. carertcelebrities talking heads save us.  stable institutions people will.   usdorrtadbusters indignants marching.  occupywallstreet global?  course could. will.  usdorempathy reduced will.compassion fatigue   nytimes.comat kenzo  ceremony founders define what’s sunday  founders ceremony will...   stylertrtcelebrities talking heads save us.  stable institutions people will.   usdor
rtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetyes//rtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet commemorative wallpapers         caringrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrt“shall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet”rtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors? takewallstreet  occupythefedrtcncr3w   message nypd tumblr.com/xjh50kc2qf  anonymous  cabincr3wrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreethe 2 play media. rtunreal. rtbloomberg  occupywallstreet hurts little people $40 $50krtwallst 30 50k people walking /day. police barricade  dwindled. bringing 2nitertshall march wall street 50k protestors?? :)  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet
rtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsoccupywallst getting bigger bigger. plan outgrows park?rtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsoccupywallstreet design misdirecting focus wall street government grow bigger.  tcot  p2  teapartyrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owstruly beauty holes bigger bigger....  blusterfestrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  owsrtgo ahead nypd  arrest 700 peaceful protesters want. won stop us. bigger.  occupywallstreet  ows

rtoccupywallstreet declaration occupation york city   occupywallstreet  sep17 // ...exactly  rtdeclaration occupation york city   occupywallstreet  sep17rtconfused  occupywallst  googling. found   declarationoftheoccupationofnycrtrtdeclaration occupation york city   occupywallstreet  sep17rtrtthe  declarationoftheocupationofnewyork distributed.  occupyboston  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet assemblies statement read weep (tears joy)     declaration o… (cont)rtrtoffical declaration occupation york.    occupywallst  qcpoli  canpoli  cdnpoli    ows  usdorrt"no true democracy  determined economic power". declaration occupation nyc ii  fromruffalochannels  foundingfathers  declarationofoccupation  occupywallstreetrtrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viartrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viartrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viarta movement begets document declaration occupation york city.   occupywallstreet  socent  socialchangecurrent wall street protesters approve ‘declaration occupation’  occupywallstreet  ows  p2  occupy  sep17  usdorrtrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viathat declaration moronic.  pretending third estate & document declaration rightsrtrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viartplease  usdor  occupyusa  occupywallstreet   declaration occupation york city   ericallenbell.orgrttakewallsreet  nypd  usdor  occupywallstreet   declaration occupation york city   ericallenbell.orgrtusdor  revolution  occupywallstreet   declaration occupation york city   ericallenbell.orgrtplease  usdor  99percent  occupywallstreet   declaration occupation york city   ericallenbell.org
rtnypd payoff?rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtoccupywallstreet los indignados norteamericanos  takewallstreet  porrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openermr cano robinsonrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openernova  cano tame tigers game 1 rout ivan nova tabbed no. 2 yankees  rotation...harper  mr. robinson robinson cano shouldn set record straight ...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerthe nypd help water canonscano powers yankees nova quiets tigers   york timesrtrthello halifax. check  occupywallstreet canada corporations aren investing yourtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove ...  nytrtyankees nova future playoff star  robinson canortyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees nova future playoff star  robinson canoyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerny times yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drov...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openernow following        ?saw todaysrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener
ny transit union court stop nyc "from forcing bus drivers transport ows protesters arrested nypd".rtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsrtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rta nyc bus driver union filed lawsuit stop nypd drivers transport wall street protesters jailrtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsrtcan bring thumb drives?  needsoftheoccupiersrtnyc bus union sues stop nypd forcing drivers transport  occupywallstreet protesters.   vianyc fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding. 3:27:03 pm viartpolice search thugs choked  robbed livery cab driversrtcop busted hack  fixed tickets taxi driversrtaccess ride driver left alzheimer& 39;s patient die  family man& 39;s body fou..rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?union nypd can’t force bus drivers assist occupy wall street arrestsrtmarkets driven greed fear. fear markets injecting  occupywallstreet  business  news monday morning.  opesrrtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?rtbreaking news nyc transit union exec board endorsessubway bus drivers  movement builds. next?
ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...former ny jets qb ray lucas  seeking relief nfl injuries  ... m...  neck pain newsrtnypd blue > ny jetsny jets  antonio cromartie tom brady     hole ; plaxico ...   york daily newsravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensnews ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravenssee cop lights outside sny studios? woody johnson called nypd arrest schein air killing jetsravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...former ny jets qb ray lucas  seeking relief nfl injuries  ... michael k...nypd blue > ny jetsrtravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensrtlive blog jets @ ravensfor jets  clamors doubt familiaridp rex ryan hopes ny jets center nick mangold return ankle sprain ...   fantasyfootballbizjets campaign health tooljets  nick mangold play  matchup patriots  vince wilfork ... dance elephants  di...jets  brian schottenheimer plan questioned plaxico burress  santonio ... manish mehta york jets off...n.f.l. carries nbc sunday night ratings   nytimes.com jets lost ravens  game nbc mad...jets  mason  taught endure painrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nfl
rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtwonder  occupywallstreet isn trending? 3/1/11 jpmorgan twitter deal value startup $4.5 billionrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtlast january.  rtrtjp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreet //  ows  tfy  p2from "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetnypd officer anonymously answers questions  occupywallstreet   banks bribes tune $4.5mrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtlast january.  rtrtjp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet jp morgan 4.5 million nypd processing people pen piece paper  computers?rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtwow  jp morgan chase donate  nypd.  invested 4.5million twitter.   occupy  owsrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreet
rtjp morgan donated 4.6 million nypd peddles foodstamps hoodoccupythehoodrtrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.   ...rtphoto jpmorgan chase & co donates unorecedented $4.6 million nypd?if true  explains a...rtthe story jp morgan chase $4.6 million donation nypd june 2011  occupywallstreetfascism jp morgan paid nypd $4.6m assault peaceful rights protesters corporate greedrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrtwhy  occupywallstreet? banks own congress & wh. jpmorgan chase paid nypd $4.6 million "keep safe."rtthe $4.6 million jpmorgan chase donated nypd purchase pepper spray dose 8.2 million protesters.rtplease  usdor "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallst" ericallenbell.orgrteven jpmorgan lost 40% stock value 2011 ($90 billion)  scraped $4.6 million nypd bodyguards.please "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrti guess jamie dimon 4.6 million "donation" nypd 500 arrests law abusing citizensrtj.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd  .for laptops & security monitoring software.rtdid $4.6 million  jpmorgan stole & 2 nypd pay 4 those? yes    nypd  usdorrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd eve protests   occupywallstreet  ows  ajstream  opesr  oct15  a99rtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreeti told chase bank 4.6 million donation nypd package deal police laptop computerchase nypd 4.6million dollars. bankers scaredrtjp morgan donated 4.6million nypd  scaredrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? 2 forbankers.  occupywallstreet
rtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadrtfind agree on. libertarians anarchists  democrats republicans. re 99%. demand?  occupywallstputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadfirst responder 9/11 speaks  patriots  emts  rescuertputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroad russians dismayed vladimir v. putin’s plan...putin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroad russians dismayed vladimir v. putin’s plan...rtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadputin’s eye power leads russia ponder leaving  russia country stuck “period stagnation”pondering... law land trumps faith town clerks york marry gays ... marci hamilt...pondering... ruling  hispanics flee alabama town exodus hispanic immigrants hours af...putin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroad russians dismayed vladimir v. putin’s plan...putin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadrtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadputin’s eye power leads  russia ponder life abroadrtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadrtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroad russians dismayed vlad...
rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.wow happened rtrton october 5/2011  nypd officer ...«on october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing (cont)rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.on october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.photos 10/5/2011 protest    occupywallstreetrton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.on october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.
rtwelcome aboard chattanooga      occupyclarksvil   occupyknoxville  occupynashville  solidarity  usrevolution  occupywallstreethelicopter crashes east river helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...helicopter crashes east river helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...helicopter crashes nyc east river; 1 dead nypd helicopter five people aboard c...   usa  newsrtupdate helicopter 5 people aboard crashed york city east riverhelicopter crashes east river helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...helicopter crashes nyc east river; 1 dead nypd helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...rthelicopter goes east river manhattan; nypd divers rescue ppl; 5 aboard..rtupdate helicopter 5 people aboard crashed york city east riverdamn rtupdate helicopter 5 people aboard crashed york city east riverhelicopter goes east river manhattan; nypd divers rescue ppl; 5 aboard.. nydn.us/oey87chelicopter  aviation   nyc  uk  news/  nypd:1 doa  5 aboard chopper rescued underwater murky conditions.com raw video chopper nyc east river nypd helicopter five people aboard...rtit appears flotation devices aboard bell 206 helicopter crashed east rvrhelicopter crashes east river helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...all aboard google bus seeks start ideasrtall aboard google bus seeks start ideas (/ york times)helicopter crashes nyc east river; 1 dead nypd helicopter five people aboard crashed east river ...rtupdate helicopter 5 people aboard crashed york city east riverrtupdate helicopter 5 people aboard crashed york city east rivermiss days. “all aboard  nostalgia train yankee stadium. game 1  alds. departs 42 st grand central
peaceful protest 99%ers  hope like.rt follow back. london ukrtcorporations headed super wealthy own usa. taking back.  occupywallstreeet  takewallstreet  taxtherichseiu  occupywallst  ve back.  via laborunionreport.com   read entry...   ...arrested development back...kinda.yup. difficulty remembering  anons   ows &  mmot ppl followed back.yes understand back.  wlfoccupywallstreet amazing. wait back.  fbi remember banks  investment house insurance companies separate entities. back.     usdorrtwe troops brought home protect peacefully country back.  occupyamerica   usdorrtcorporations headed super wealthy own usa. taking back.  occupywallstreeet  takewallstreet  taxtherichrtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.i hope comes back.  nipclub  wlf  peachyrtcorporations headed super wealthy own usa. taking back.  occupywallstreeet  takewallstreet  taxtherichrtthis popular movement. people rising up. finally time system back.  ows  occupywallstreetalso  ny favorite time. glad back.  ourwallstreet  wiuniontake back. helicoptors.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wiunion“police explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.”  many?on education feeder  mancdemo  occupymcr. rage machine playing. ve power back.  occupywallstrtthis  mtthey cut back. fight back. fuck 1%  time stick own.rt...*cough* rtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.rtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.
apoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio   acordabrasilapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio  vamos pedir pelos idosos afanados rgpsapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija 1 democracia real  envie uma mensagem dizendo:não somos arruaceiros nem anarquistasapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio
did pilot scrutiny ago ability fly?rtairline pilots fight wall street  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtupdate ill fated helicopter hit east river  chopper pilot  "we re down"watch pilot makes dramatic landing pacific ocean running fuel nina mandell as...police report finding woman vanished east river chopper crash  1 hour+ pilot & 3 rescuedrt700 pilots join  occupywallst   wing balls call "dirty  lazy hippies jobs"  riseuprt500 pilots marching wall street.... wonder nypd hit pepper spray beat too?rta pilot union joinedon 11th daywatch pilot makes dramatic landing pacific ocean running fuel skilled sul...rtrtupdate pilot east river crash chopper veteran pilot  shore own  accor… (cont)airline pilots association joins occupy wall street   p2  tcot  teaparty  occupywallstrtupdate pilot chopper crashed east river treated minor injuries700 airline pilots march wall street   || msm? course not.  occupywallstreetrtnypd tell 2 women helicopter crash remain hospitalized critical condition  2  including pilot  "fine."rtrtcurrent report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue.  helicopter"current report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue.rtcurrent report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue. helicopterrtphoto  700 hundred pilots demonstrate front wall street tuesday  occupywallstreet  usdorrtphoto  700 hundred pilots demonstrate front wall street tuesday  occupywallstreet  usdoreast river crash close call chopper pilot tracy connorrtrtmtoccupywallstreet chief pilotti ordeered protestors netted. overheard officers speaking. rt"

rtyou love iphone. literally.   apple  iphone  mktg  brandyou love iphone. literally.   nytimes.com   inyou love iphone. literally.  hehrtyou love iphone. literally.you love iphone. literally.   arabnetmeyou love iphone. literally.  <  confessnytimes love iphone. literally.   using word love describe phone months.  knewitrtyou love iphone. literally.you love iphone. literally.rtthey mean literally... oracle openworld convention engulfs san franciscoyou love iphone. literally.   nytimes.comyou love iphone. literally.you love iphone. literally.file  sadbuttrue. rtnytimes love iphone. literally.rtyou love iphone. literally.rtyou love iphone. literally.   arabnetmertyou love iphone. literally.  ??? ???? ?? ??? ??? ??????  ?? ? ???? ????. ? ?? ???? ????? ???? ???5????? ??? ?? ??.rtyou love iphone. literally.  /. jajaja yo tmb inclino por la vieja forma  de encontrar amortop story love iphone. literally.that wanna life :$ neuromarketing. martin lindstrom love iphone. literally.top story fromyou love iphone. literally.
nader  ron paul  kucinich speak  occupywallstreet   99percent  endthefed  occupywallst  occupydc  occupythefed  owsrtshare democracy appearance widely  occupytogether  usdor  takewallstreet  occupydc  antibanksrtdc  friday 7pm  watching   ows  occupydc  occupywalstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyboston  occupytucson  takewallstreetrtwhat wall street doesn’t oil prices   bernie sanders   occupywallstreet  occupydcthx rt.  mitt "corporationsarepeopletoo romney gonna love   wearethe99percent  occupywallstreet    occupydc  oct6rtoccupy freedom plaza october 6  2011  occupydc  usdorrtgotta hand tofor one. awesome pic   occupywallstreet  sep17rtshare democracy appearance widely  occupytogether  usdor  takewallstreet  occupydc  antibanksin solidarity..occupythehood  viartgood morningand rest  occupyamerica  lovertin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rtif revolution televised  guarantee podcasted.rtattributing quote tj? ? rtfuckyouwashington "when injustice law  resistance duty" tjrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcoccupylondon orginized urging occupy stock exchange  occupywallstreet spreading rest world  occupydcrt"by time presidential material  he’s bought ten times over."   gore vidal  takewallstreet  bastille  occupydc  owspaying price   meltdown pt3   occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  october6  usdor  antibanks  ows  occupydc  antiwarbehind scenes  occupywallstreet   ows  sept17  october6  occupydc  takebackamerica  antibanks  antiwaroccupydc protesters  99 percent    stopthemach2011  usdor  takebackamerica  obama  anticorp  antibanksfreedomplaza occupation meets pepper spray air & space museum is.gd/3r6kqr  oct6  occupydc  occupykst  occupydc  october2011  usdoroccupywallstreet album surpassed 100 images imgur.com/a/hbzze  99percent  occupydc  stopthemach2011  sept17  october2011
rtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtrtthe unequal distribution wealth/income major country industrialized world  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallst
rtkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ...   york daily newskanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...kanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...kanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ...   fashionkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...nytimes paris fishy dinner table talk kanye west riccardo tisci...   fashionrtkanye west designer "on runway blog kanye west  shrouded silence  creates sceneon runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...kanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ...   york daily newson runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...kanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...info runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye we...kanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... attended creme de la ..."i ve graveshift/ ain shit/ wish could/ buy spaceship fly..."occupywallstreeti wantto play  occupywallstreet.  yeezy  don letbe supportin land ***** praise yukons getting paid/ gon  lot coupons saved  occupywallstreetkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...on runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion week dinner table talk kanye west ca...fanhoods kanye west debuts fashion collection   celeb  gossip  newson runway blog | fast fashion kanye west  shrouded silence  creates scene kanye west  ab...
nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight" meaning  beating people.rtoccupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workoutoccupywallstreet  nypd officer bragging “my little nightstick’s workout tonight”     stoppolicestatertoccupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workouti cop  72  mace/nightstick anti war target earlier. (cue mitchell) world changed. nypd co geezers haven t.check video    nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick ge...  viaoccupy wall street protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick ... "my little nightstick gonna get...rton video  nypd officer "my little nightstick workout tonight"rtoccupywallstreet nypd officer bragging giving nightstick workout   ows  copwatchtop story nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick …check video    nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick ge...  viartnypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight" meaning  beating people.nypd officer brags "using nightstick". police. worried  (via)new post nypd officer wall street “my little nightstick’s workout tonsadistic nypd cop relishes idea beating protesters ‘my little nightstick tonight’rtoccupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workoutnypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight"rtrtows protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workout    occupywallstreetrtnypd vs  ows video  2 nightsticks  sexual jokertaw hell  rtoccupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workoutrtthis pig held beat 100 nightsticks
jeff jarvis  occupywallstreet & failure institutionsrt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” / wtf?  insane  singingrtif support  occupywallstreet movement please pic.. yes  america live in.congrats & thanks   nypd jails turnstiles. rti am officially released jail  occupywallstreetrtrtrtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreetrtquick shout  occupywallst organizerfor owning ofgriff jenkins.  kudos  sir.rthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetwatch live  cc.rtoccupywallstreet   true heirs jeffersontweets getting west coast listeningrtholy shit. rtif support  occupywallstreet movement please pic..rtvideo nypd leading protestors onto bridge & videotaping.  viaoccupywallstreetjeff neutral milk hotel playing soon  occupywallstreet. ccrtrtwe midtown north jail  occupywallstreetrtrtour cell running water toliet works. cell toliet  occupywallstreetrtrtjail photo  occupywallstreetrtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreetmt:predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment literally seein video pied piper marrtphoto brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreetrtrtfor  occupywallstreet updates tonight (and beyond)rtrthere video nypd leading protestors onto bridge (and videotaping)   occupywallstreet
rtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  banksterstoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  banksters
rt.wrong.  occupywallst fools explicity anti capitalist. read signsrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrt.wrong.  occupywallst fools explicity anti capitalist. read signsrt.wrong.  occupywallst fools explicity anti capitalist. read signsrtrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?   ows  takewallstreetrtrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?   ows  takewallstreetrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetcancelled keynote. moved st. regis ame 10:30am.  cloud on.   oow11rtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrt.wrong.  occupywallst fools explicity anti capitalist. read signsrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrt.wrong.  occupywallst fools explicity anti capitalist. read signsrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtdude  $20k raise  sounds pretty capitalistic  hypocrite   occupywallst  tcot  lur  1utech talk podcast mail valuertrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?   ows  takewallstreetrtrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?   ows  takewallstreetrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreet
rtpaul krugman  nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet  ows  newyorktimes retweetswedish poet wins nobel prize literature  favorites. deserved.the bravest arabprofiles nobel peace prize winnerof yemen  by&rtpaul krugman  nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet  ows  newyorktimes retweetnobel peace prize awarded ellen johnson sirleaf  leymah gbowee tawakkol karmanrta true patriot’s sacrifice freedom honor bradley manning’s 2011 nobel peace prize nomination   usdor  owsrtpaul krugman  nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet  ows  newyorktimes retweetrtnobel prize winner ralph steinman died days agonobel peace prize awarded ellen johnson sirleaf  leymah gbowee tawakkol karmanrtpaul krugman  nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet  ows  newyorktimes retweetnobel peace prize awarded activist women   york timesliberian president  activists win nobel peace prize liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf  fellow count...rtralph m. steinman  nobel recipient research immunology  dies 68rtformer chief economist world bank & nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet movementrtfighting fightbad timing?? rtnyc professor dies 3 days winning nobel prize bit.ly/nyrl3b  newyorkcityliu xiaobo   york times quotes nobel peace prize winner love poem  published asia literary review.rt3 extraordinary leaders win nobel peace prize advancing  womensrights  democracy & opportunityrtpaul krugman  nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet  ows  newyorktimes retweetbritish bookies dylan (bob) 5 1 nobel lit  leading field.  via|  nobelprize  literaturenyt nobel physics goes perlmutter  schmidt riess   health  health_news
rticymi latestcolumn reevaluating reverse mortgages  checkrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtt magazine model morphosis | frida gustavsson jean paul gaultierrtrtplz  needsoftheoccupiers ice ice day long. freezer daily runs tortrtbattery dying capitol  occupydenver  join    occupywallstrtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…rtoccupyphoenix stand heroes prevail love  solidarity   occupydenveroccupywallstnytimes céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier + yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtpls rt.is  occupywallstreet ensure nypd respects rights protesters.   owsrtguess "cash only" rtbanks customers pay debit card feein flip flops jeans  unconventional venture capitalist chamath palihapitiya  founder so...yes  rt1000 protesters bank america offices boston.  boa  occupyboston  ows  occupywallstreetfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...t magazine model morphosis | frida gustavsson jean paul gaultier  viaphotos moment | jean paul gaultier  viartfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul (cont)rtwe accurate reporting  squash corporate media spin.  occupythemediartrt  nyt  themoment photos moment | jean paul gaultier sonny vandevelde paris fashion week photo diary.rtwe accurate reporting  squash corporate media spin.  occupythemediafollowfriday(via)dtn fashion fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier an...
is partnership  teaparty & wall street money preventing covering  occupywallstreet  ows national movement?adele waugaman  daniel prieto iii ... manages partnership mobile telephone technology ai...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim partners nypd intelligence squad secretly assigned undercover officer monitor prominent muslim...nypd spied city muslim partners york york police department intelligence squad secretly ass...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners      (ap) ap   reda shata considered partner new...the texas tribune el paso  storm benefits gay partnersap impact nypd spied city muslim partners   yahoo  newsnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...dtn usa nypd spied city muslim partners nypd intelligence squad secretly assigned undercover o...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim partners   news   today.com  viaspyonmuslims  learnislam  converttoislamnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nyt nix co ed dorms? "rates depression reach 20%  women 2+ sexual partners year"nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners nypd spied city muslim anti terror partnersnypd spied city muslim partners nypd intelligence squad secretly…  excitingads  nb news
rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rtnypd buses rikers set afternoon ready therti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti ll  occupywallstreet late tomorrow afternoon. late never...rtshoppedthis afternoon donation  occupywallst  walked via brooklyn bridge drop off.  parkslopertthursday afternoon police brutality nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor  arresting.rtmy ons radio afternoon  talking  occupywallst (link fixed)rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rtone co workers flew participate  occupywallst friday afternoon. hope arrested ones.rtfilling anchoringlate morning afternoon today...feel free toss rotten fruits vegetables screen : )i love seeing crowd grow afternoon   : )rtthursday afternoon police brutality nypd caught camera punching  occupywallstreet protestor  arresting.rtthe  wikileaks truck helps supplies dry rainy sunday afternoon  occupywallstreet.rtwed afternoon union rally  occupywallst."police able rescue people helicopter crash east river tuesday afternoon.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti start dismissing people "good afternoon " sounds bitchy.
rtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons"israel supports proposal restart mideast talks   york timesrtcnn <  bed parking spot meter feeding meter kids sleeprt"opening show" spots limited. world famous dr peter kinensa "first global insights show"   nytimes  telegraph  forbesrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsneedsoftheoccupiers rtwe wireless hotspot de la guerra plaza asap..anyone???? thanks guysrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsto spot nypd crowd narc  "accidentally bump try feel lump belt line...usually sidearm.spotlighted al jazeera   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtshoplifting cost woman life loses spot heart transplant l..rtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtwe internet  4g phones hot spots pref. solar panels?  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupykc  kcmo  kansascityrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreet*rolls eyes* rtjust spotted  nypd counter terrorism here. light (cont)rtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreet
jeff jarvis  occupywallstreet & failure institutionsrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttake nation institutions soul tyrants traitors. nation awaits. settle bread circuses.  usdorrtoccupywallstreet  attention clash  nypd  run finanicial institutions know.rt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtthrough fed audit found fed loaned $16 trillion banks financial institutions world.  occupywallstreetrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtcivic space. press. elections. fundamental institutions  democratic society belong serve people.  usdorrtcelebrities talking heads save us.  stable institutions people will.   usdorrttake nation institutions soul tyrants traitors. nation awaits. settle bread circuses.  usdorrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstoccupywallstreet failure institutions  viacrestingwave  declinertideology save us.  stable institutions will.   usdorrtif  occupywallstreet successfully eliminates financial institutions cash unemployment & welfare checks?rt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtcelebrities talking heads save us.  stable institutions people will.   usdorrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtcelebrities talking heads save us.  stable institutions people will.   usdor
rtsteady stream getting released 77th. 30 released  occupywallstreetjoin october 7th  occupyknoxville  occupywallstreet   tennesseertdetenciones masivas en el pte de brooklin  ocuppywallstreet directo tv   usrevolution   ourwallstreet  o15  15m  17th rtrtsteady stream getting released 77th. 30 released  occupywallstreetrtrtsteady stream getting released 77th. 30 released  occupywallstreetcan tsl support  occupyla  occupywallstreet oct1. mural 4 movement nice 2.  usdor  anonymousrthere site 77th precinct. call    occupywallstreet  nyc  nypdrtfirst guy 77th  chris abbadessa  released custody. 98 remain  occupywallstreetoccupy wall street | september 17th |  occupywallstreet | adbusters culturejammer headquarters  viartoccupywallst "people held @ 77th precinct denied food & water" call 718 735 0611  99percentoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnal davis  renegade raider remade pro football  dies 82 coach  owner manag...rtis 2 77th precinct now. ll live tweeting there.  occupywallstreeti noticed day (17th)  takewallstreet trending  holding steady  5  suddenly tt againrtrtsteady stream getting released 77th. 30 released  occupywallstreetoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnrtoccupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers mcburney ymca  14th st 6/7th aves; day pass +/ $20; fab showers  towels requiredoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymn
nypd screwed up.  arrested ava peacetakescourage yesterday. geniuses.  owsrtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism""ukraine world geniuses they’re listed ukrainian due ukraine’s geopolitical situation"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"i guess couldn spell  "ftw."file  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"but tea party dumb... rtfile   occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"
rtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtwoah. rtif name arms arrested  please call nlg 212 683 2490  owsrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtwoah. rtif name arms arrested  please call nlg 212 683 2490  owsrtrtif name arms arrested  plz call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtwoah. rtif name arms arrested  please call nlg 212 683 2490  owsrtjoke? rtif name arms arrested  call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtif name arms arrested  plz call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name arms arrested  plz call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrt.rtif name w/no arms arrested please call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490 > wow
clothes consent   slutwalkers york city (it hypothetical nypd askin...lost memory skin   russell banks   book reviewrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrthey  nyc   ows occupiers warm clothes  socks  support occupy.  occupywallst  solidarityrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetarrested wall st. picking bones skin w/knives:;; 99% oppress fascist pigs  occupywallst •i idea all. lobbyist limited influence dc. problemrtpanetta israel risking isolationrtwe 99%   occupysea  occupysf  occupywallst  occupytogether viartmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetcongressman brangelthank support asking2 respect protesters nyc  cryn johannsen  usdorno troll questions. stay competitive act?rtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrti reading  ukuncut entries byreminds tweetdeck "block report cunt" button.rt"soshe lost marbles   edl  ukuncut"<are ocd sufferer something?  justaskingrti reading  ukuncut entries byreminds tweetdeck "block report cunt" button.east moriches  ny skin care | skin care east moriches serving area. learn skin rejuvenat...rtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrt“foley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreet”
rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove ...  nytrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerny times yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drov...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six ...yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six ...nytimessports cano continues barrage r.b.i.yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six o...yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six ...yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener   nycrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener
rtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherwatched alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2gether
rtbruni christie i’d prefer fat pres. 1 who’s constantly darting closed doors makeup touchrtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetrttwitter closed account earlier cause twitting  occupywallst  dumbfoundedrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetew. “if lirr  head penn station. closed due crowd conditions time.”libertyplaza closed wall street protesters   nypd   dnainfo.com   occupywallstreet  takebackamericartso  nypd violently arrested 700 peaceful people & closed traffic hrs 2 help "100 stranded cars"?rtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetrtugh rtservadv lirr  head penn station. closed due crowd conditions time.there mentally. remember closed psych hospitalsrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreettoptenlies.   1 "liberal media bias"  proven wrong  occupywallstreet  ows  closed.  "corporate media bias"  teapartyrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetrtso  nypd violently arrested 700 peaceful people & closed traffic hrs 2 help "100 stranded cars"?rtin 1992 thousands nypd officers closed brooklyn bridge protesting none arrestedbridge closed 4 5 hours. 3 till 8:45 sat. nyc lost lots business 4 biz. failwow  rtthank god closed chase account. donated 4.6 million nypd deter  occupywallstreetrtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet stand   tell congress  >>seniors/students/workingpeople/underwater/foreclosed/uninsured/poor.... usdorrtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  ppl filling street now.  occupywallstreet
rtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viamassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed  viartmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtrtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. massive washingtonsqpark  nyc  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed >>rtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrti wonder 1% getting nervous. massive. washingtonsqpark  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmedrtmassive turnout. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet  nypd overwhelmed (cont)rtmassive turnout. massive. washingtonsqpark nyc.  occupywallstreet growing fast  nypd overwhelmed
¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo    vamosacambiarelmundo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  real democracy   firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo    vamosacambiarelmundo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo registro maravilla¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo
rtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtstudent solidarity protest thursday  october 13th  time spread word educate campuses aboutoccupyrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtinformally representing occupy albuquerque  wrapping day occupation unm campus. love burque
policestateusa  nypd internal affairs +1 (212) 741 8401 mayor bloomberg +1 (212) york +1 (212) 374 3921  occupywallstreet  usdorrtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtstopthewhiteshirts nypd internal affairs +1 (212) 741 8401 mayor bloomberg +1 (212) york +1 (212) 374 3921  occupywallstreetin solidarity ny trapped  abused  unlawfully arrested & children  call nypd 212 741 8401rtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtpolicestateusa  nypd internal affairs +1 (212) 741 8401 mayor bloomberg +1 (212) york +1 (212) 374 3921  occupywallstreet  usdorrtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rtrtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rtrtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rtrtreports  occupywallstreet ers 1st precinct 1 police plaza. call212 741 8401rtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rtrtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rtrtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rtrtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rt

rtmy report forthe changing narrative  occupywallstreet mass arrests   ows  takewallstreet  p2rtmy report forthe changing narrative  occupywallstreet mass arrests   ows  takewallstreet  p2rtgreat narrative piece battle brooklyn bridgertshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow coverage of& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm on.  solidarity rtfor folks tri "my life bing crosby"  musical narrative kathryn crosby  sun oct 2  2:30the dominate narrative dangerous fiction.  occupywallst  takemoneyout  occupywallstreetrtmy report forthe changing narrative  occupywallstreet mass arrests   ows  takewallstreet  p2my report forthe changing narrative  occupywallstreet mass arrests   ows  takewallstreet  p2rtgreat narrative piece battle brooklyn bridgertshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtwell keeping narrative. begging moochers. needsoftheoccupiers  unpreparedoccupation  p2  tcotrtmy report forthe changing narrative  occupywallstreet mass arrests   ows  takewallstreet  p2well guys  re seeing weekend   progressive narrative =  teaparty agrees  occupywallstreet losersshow coverage of& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm on.  solidarity rtshow coverage& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow coverage& dpainfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rt
rti leaving dc &  occupywallstreet    expect :)(rtupdate 4 people rescued east river helicopter crash; 5th person searchedrtbreaking 5th passenger east river helicopter crash pronounced deadoctober 5th   march wall st   join virtual march    occupywallst  occupywallstnycrtglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupyknoxville  usdorny helicopter crash update nypd 5th person pulled water (a female) deceased.rtlondon stand solidarity   occupylsx october 15th  (cont)u/d 5th victim crashed helicopter found removed water nypd.rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydc macpherson square washington dc 20006 15th street & street blankets sleeping bags foodrtsupport atnow 15th day  aspt1 was. mass arrestsoccupywallst  occupytheharvardclub 44th 5th & 6th ...do brah viva equalityrtoperationremember nov 5th parliament  london. uk please stand besideu/d 213 45th st perp shot  nypd victim shot expire. heavy crime scene.  nyc  crimertglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupyatlanta  usdorpolice pepper spray batons protesters   twenty arrested (oct. 5th) | occupywallst.orgoperationremember nov 5th parliament  london. uk please stand beside youtube.com/watch?v=n wsaa…operationremember nov 5th parliament  london. uk please stand besidertnational  student  walkout wednesday  october 5th  12pm local time.  //  ows  occupy  occupywallst  solidarityrtmiami 1%  expect oct 15th.  usrevolutionrtmarch solidarity occupy wall street protesters wednesday  october 5th 4:30pm   occupywallstreet  usdorcharles & david  koch $25 billion  re 4th & 5th richest americans.     ows  usdor  occupywallstreet

rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.nypd officers beat protestors wit batons 4 standin corrupt  parasitic financialsystem  freedom?“nypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.“nypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.on october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.
rtthe gop plan  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupypdxrtoccupypdx met guy designed flag 90s  occupywallstreet  commonwealth   cascadia  solidarityrtwall street stole house  shipped jobs  hijacked democracy. time   occupywallstreet  usdor  occupypdxrtportland progressive city welcome liberators    occupypdx  occupyportland  usdorwhat government?what involvment occupy movement?  movement  revolution  peaceful protest what?  occupywallstnyc  occupypdxrtto air grievances 1st amendment addressed. www.occupytogether.org list suchso regulation oversight banks  all? this?resignation who? bank ceos? legislators?why demands  occupydc ? isn national movement?rtthere people occupying dclooks getting glass steagall 2011  enough?how plan that? fit into?people calling reinstatement glass steagall act 1933 that?no troll questions. stay competitive act?rtourwallstreet  occupypdx  occupyseattle   occupychicago anonymous.we legion. forgive.we forget. expect portlandrtit democracy 1% control   destroyed    occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  occupyportland  occupypdxrtit democracy 1% control   destroyed    occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  occupyportland  occupypdxrtwall street payoffs = main street layoffs  occupyportland  occupypdx  usdor  occupywallstreetrtwall street payoffs = main street layoffs  occupywallstreet  occupypdx  usdor  occupyportland  owsrtrosa parks occupied bus seat & peacefully refused 2 remain invisible. expect us.  occupywallstreet  occupypdx  usdor  anonymous
10%  flat income tax  deductions income  capital gains. starting  $30 000  occupywallstreetrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstobama accept surtax incomes $1 millionrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstjp morgan chase ceo makes 843 times median household income pays chase customers 0.01 percent savings  occupywallstreetrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstand taxpayers giving hard earned income   stuck bed 19 months  hospital’s expensethe reign percenters income inequality destroying culture | occupy wall str..new york presbyterian hospital surgeon mission help low income women   york daily newsrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrt.let start movement called "the 53%"   actually pay federal income tax.  tcot  tlot  p2  occupywallstreetrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstfew bright spots perry health care record texas medicaid austere — low income texans qua...rt.let start movement called "the 53%"   actually pay federal income tax.  tcot  tlot  p2  occupywallstreet
yli 16000 katsojaa livestreamilla   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. th… (cont)rtday 1  occupyalbuquerque  shoutout 600  1k people marched central ave 2 day  solidarity  occupywallstreetwhat hell? happen carry saws now? cost us? $600 protect pavement?  ows  nypdrtthe ceo goldman sachs $6600 / hr yr. pay avg student debt 4 hours.  occupywallstreetrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstoccupytulsa 1600 supporters ga sat oct 8th @ 10  occupywallstreet  usdor  takewallstreet  anonymous  owsrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallst
rtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrtabout 400  occupywallstreet protesters arrested evening march brooklyn bridgertcurrent liberty square evening  house.     occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  generalassemblyrton talking  occupywallst  occupywallstreet earlier evening   occupyrtoccupymadison kicked evening reynolds park. check logistics   ows  occupywallst  ourwallstreetrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrtoccupymadison kicked evening reynolds park. check logistics   ows  occupywallst  ourwallstreetrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrtoccupymadison kicked evening reynolds park. check logistics   ows  occupywallst  ourwallstreetspoken bymonday evening at"put hand heart yourself...occupymadison kicked evening reynolds park. check logistics   ows  occupywallst  ourwallstreetthurs. evening park  washingtonsquare  nyc  fallthe rally  nypd hq dissolving evening. march  libertyplaza beginning. energy. march tmrrw  3pm.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet succeeded    arrested development coming season.  pack head home everyone.good evening nemi   widdleontroublemakersnastytweetersandrumourmongers   wlfevening nemi  catch tomorrow   wlf  margatertevening spockcat   xxx  wlf  getting it... // *snork*
rttomorrow 2pm egyptians  occupywallstreet supporting 2 vote abroad supporting  newyork  takewallstreet  sept17rtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadrttoo texting leading epidemic  text neck   neck shoulder pain lead arthritis viaputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadoccupied wall street  seen abroadrtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadsuper article du ny times rteuropean television adopts english looks abroadrttomorrow 2pm egyptians  occupywallstreet supporting 2 vote abroad supporting  newyork  takewallstreet  sept17putin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadoccupied wall street  seen abroad beginning movement attracted extensive coverag...putin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroad russians dismayed vladimir v. putin’s plan...putin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroad russians dismayed vladimir v. putin’s plan...fascinating article benefits raising children abroad   nytimes  kidsgoabroad  russiarttomorrow 2pm egyptians  occupywallstreet supporting 2 vote abroad supporting  newyork  takewallstreet  sept17tomorrow 2pm egyptians  occupywallstreet supporting 2 vote abroad supporting  newyork  takewallstreet  sept17rezwan ferdaus   charged supporting al qaeda plotting attacks u.s. soldiers abroad.rtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroad russians dismayed vladimir v. putin’s plan...some  occupywallstreet reporting continues abroadputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadrtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroad
nyc fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding. 3:27:03 pm viartmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding. 3:27:03rtfdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal respondingrtrtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal respondingrtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped.  nyc  emergencycrossingpaws ... frommanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped.rtrtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal respondingrtrtfdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal respondinwhoa rtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding.nyc  fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped.  fdny responding... viamanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding. 3:27:03 pmholy crap passed   rtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped.rtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. (cont)rtrtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped.od rtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding.yikes  rtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding.rtbreaking helicopter york city. fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. (via)rtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. er personal responding. 3:27:03 pmrtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal respondingmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding. 3:27:03 pmsux 2  2 cold 4 dat shit 2day rtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped.
rtrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdorrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtusccgac heard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtomg... rtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  sep17  usdor  owsrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdorrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtwoah. rtif name arms arrested  please call nlg 212 683 2490  owsrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtwoah. rtif name arms arrested  please call nlg 212 683 2490  owsrtrtif name arms arrested  plz call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  ows
rtjust heard  ows livestream  uniformed veterans standing entrance  libertysquare.rtoccupywallstreet mtentrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.rt “rt*some* nypd community affairs wsq entrance. around.  occupywallstreetrtrturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.“better shot entrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.  < wow.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rtoccupywallstreet mtentrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rtoccupywallstreet mtentrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rtrtdeliberating move bowling green liberty plaza ga. entrance wal… (cont)rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.occupywallstreet  pics uniformed vets standing entrance  libertysquare?rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rtoccupywallstreet mtentrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.i entrance near ganypd blocking entrance brooklyn bridge. interviewed girl witnessed ...better shot entrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.
my & prayers families victims helicopter crash.that tweet confusing. read named al baker five people unaccounted crash.rtphoto nypd esu officers rescuing surviviors east river helicopter crash.rtphoto nypd esu officers rescuing surviviors east river helicopter crash.rtphoto nypd esu officers rescuing surviviors east river helicopter crash.rtnow&  fdny cmmr cassano press conference helicopter crash.rtnow  fdny firefighters ladder 7  saved helicopter crash.nypd  fdny rescue effort following east river helicopter crash.rtphoto nypd esu officers rescuing surviviors east river helicopter crash.rtwe re looking witnesses east river helicopter crash. tweet email nydntips.com talk reporter. thanksrtphoto nypd esu officers rescuing surviviors east river helicopter crash."mayor bloomberg  commissioners kelly  cassano  bruno update media east river helicopter crash." ben je ook dag terugfdny ladder 7 rescued victim helicopter crash.fdny ladder 7 rescued male victim helicopter crash.now&  fdny cmmr cassano press conference helicopter crash.now  fdny firefighters ladder 7  saved helicopter crash.4 rescued nyc helicopter crash. video   yinsiderrtlive video fromof east river helicopter crash.rt4 5 passengers rescued east river helicopter crash. people suffered serious injuries.rtwe re looking witnesses east river helicopter crash. tweet email nydntips.com talk reporter. thanksthey awesome @  rtnow  fdny firefighters ladder 7  saved helicopter crash.


apoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio   acordabrasilapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio  vamos pedir pelos idosos afanados rgpsapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija 1 democracia real  envie uma mensagem dizendo:não somos arruaceiros nem anarquistasapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio
rt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrtstop deporting harmless  immigrants pose risk   feds expel anyway   immigrationwonderful... doing warrant arrest?  glaring hard? feels threatened armless protestor?rtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetnypd arresting armless person? phonertthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreet“  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreet”rtyes  days ago mtunknown armless man?  jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetyes  days ago mtunknown armless man?  jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtarmless arrested  ows arms.rt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreet
clothes consent   slutwalkers york city (it hypothetical nypd askin...rtagree 100%  occupywallstreet crowd hilarious clueless. trendy clothes drinking cocacola sounds revolutionrtoccupywallstreet  ows rtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told sta… (cont)rtwe cheap gloves warm clothes here.  needsoftheoccupiers rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers showers clean clothes    owsrthey  nyc   ows occupiers warm clothes  socks  support occupy.  occupywallst  solidarityrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers showers clean clothes    owsrtwool socks  thermals  comforters  warm clothes   needsoftheoccupiersrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreeti hope protestors  occupywallstreet own clothes instead supporting evil corporations oppressive productsplainclothes police demos  uniform wave thru.  undercovercopsrtwe cheap gloves warm clothes here.  needsoftheoccupiers rtrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrthas food & water  dry clothes  tents  phone chargers  tarps  wet weather gear.  occupyamerica  usdor  anonrtit  occupywallstreet fall trap stereo typing police.  clothes.rtwe support ny patriots   chicago 5 days rain dryer wet clothes   please re tweethey  nyc   ows occupiers warm clothes  socks  support occupy.  occupywallst  solidarityrtwool socks  thermals  comforters  warm clothes   needsoftheoccupiersbreaking ganeedsoftheoccupiers   plenty clothes sleeping bags  ponchos & xl clothing   werestillhere
nypd spied anti terror muslim leader dined bloombergnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim partners nypd intelligence squad secretly assigned undercover officer monitor prominent muslim...nypd spied city muslim partners york york police department intelligence squad secretly ass...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners      (ap) ap   reda shata considered partner new...ap impact nypd spied city muslim partners   yahoo  newsnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...dtn usa nypd spied city muslim partners nypd intelligence squad secretly assigned undercover o...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim partners   news   today.com  viaspyonmuslims  learnislam  converttoislamnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners nypd spied city muslim anti terror partnersnypd spied city muslim partners nypd intelligence squad secretly…  excitingads  nb newsthe associated press nypd spied city muslim anti terror partnersthe associated press nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners associated press nypd spied city...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...
rtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share links
rtlike  am closing bank account week moving credit union.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyrtwlf rtdogs brazil; rent/moving costs/ update losing car     urgent  pls. he… (cont)rtrtwlf rtdogs brazil; rent/moving costs/ update losing car     ...rtoccupywallstreet moving forward  nobanknovember discussed reddit lot lately c...every1 help upstate ny moving  occupywallstreet>need help 2 spread word>  occupyuticany  oct13   ourwallstreetcops moving net walkway.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtalert:heavy rain showers developing offshore moving towards  occupywallst 1 3 hours. readyrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsnyt "this crisis 17 moving parts:"  hurdles ahead greek rescue package & fixing  euromess."we 99 percent:"  deeply moving  profoundly disturbing  reasons existence  occupywallstreetrtalert:heavy rain showers developing offshore moving towards  occupywallst 1 3 hours. readyrti ve dropped 40 lbs jan removing processed foods  junk food & fast food diet. reject corp labels & buy local.  usdorrtwlf rtdogs living brazil; helps  live moving costs/dog food/medical hel… (cont)rtrtdogs living brazil;   help  live moving costs/dog food/medical hel… (cont)this crisis 17 moving   euro  eurochat  eurtback liberty plaza rainy night. time parked cedar. cops moving park.rtalert:heavy rain showers developing offshore moving towards  occupywallst 1 3 hours. readyrtanti flag play  libertysquare solidarity comrades moving washington square park   owsart review lines kept moving boundaries  design.alltop.comrtwhen gop starts removing nypd rights  lowering wages & stealing benefits  don call  won support nypd. fk yourtpeople moving onto sidewalkreports lapd coming soon   after1030 allowed grass  occupywallstreet
rtphoto jpmorgan chase & co donates unorecedented $4.6 million nypd?if true  explains a...rtthis disturbing editorial choice.  care explain yourself?rtnew york finest   occcupywallstreet   bloomberg explaining do...proof cops breaking law   nypdrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtreally nice article  occupywallst explain impt ongoingrtrtoccupy wall street explained   owsrthere arrested development movie & tv episodes  explained mitch hurwitz nyer festival.rtwell golly gee explain nypd determined stupid regarding  occupywallstreetthat explains 40 mins late morning  thanks announcement  nqr train  not...rtrtows minute alan grayson explains  occupywallstreet 1%  usdorrt:) chance  read   explains nature movementthere characters allowed twitter explain depth  occupywallstreet everyone. maybe bad platform...this country ruined. short film explains know.   occupywallstreetrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtjpmorgan chase donated unprecedented $4.6 million nypd. strengthen security. explains nypd beating protesters. vomit.rtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtwhat percentage  occupywallstreet mutants atm bank protesting week? 99%? explain chant  fail  p2rtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallst   tffs  fb
rtpaging garafolo mtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst?rtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.wanna about? clearest read far. worth readingrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtdude. you? ? pulling $118k & paid 2 arrested w/  occupywallst?  phony.   tcot  lur  1urtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedwhat opinion on?rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtrtwtf goals  occupywallst?    >    ows  p2 ^will msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor uniteddid  arianna  huffington donate  people of? blablabla side?  globalrevolution  aol deal?occupywallst? rtpolitical consciousness frowned corporations waste human energy.rtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.
rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtshowing  occupywallstreet  control  cop brutality msnbc..."sexy protesters"  occupywallstreet  joke.  smelled close.rtsat.  follownytimes  sexy chicken  web sensationno joke indeed “this joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"not sexy btw. appear meth though. rt"photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"ourwallstreet  ffoccupywallstreet  ows (via)rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtfeast eyes onthe pluckininspired sexy chickenrtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"   is.gd/bggfrb  looks park day methadone clinictotally inappropriate tweets frominspired sexy chicken. follow... lolkris carr crazy sexy entrepreneur"this joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"   > jealous?rtfeast eyes onthe pluckininspired sexy chickenrtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtthxrtthursday follow <3rtrta proposed demand  occupywallstrtsat.  follow
los  indignados de  takewallstreet dan las gracias al  15m español. todos juntos por una democracia real yaapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyoapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoiort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo    vamosacambiarelmundoapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  real democracy   firma manda tu mensaje de apoyoapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyoapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoiortlos  indignados de  takewallstreet dan las gracias al  15m español. todos juntos por una democracia real ya¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyoapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoioapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio
rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rtrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdorrtit obvious  nypd likes arrest people. protester  occupywallstreet committed crime.rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?amadou sidibe  6 8 forward cardinal hayes  verbally commits play ... growing west africa  amad...rtit obvious  nypd likes arrest people. protester  occupywallstreet committed crime.rtindiv & committees affiliated finance sector $1b campaign contributions  98 08   usdor  occupywalltstreetrtoccupyboston direct action committeeit obvious  nypd likes arrest people. protester  occupywallstreet committed crime.rtoccupyboston direct action committeertit obvious  nypd likes arrest people. protester  occupywallstreet committed crime.rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rtrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdoramadou sidibe  6 8 forward cardinal hayes  verbally commits play ... growing west africa  amad...rtit obvious  nypd likes arrest people. protester  occupywallstreet committed crime.rtit obvious  nypd likes arrest people. protester  occupywallstreet committed crime.rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi day. day commit ourselves  occupywallstreet movement?  when?

needsoftheoccupiers check troy davis signs tats....."and people cried barabas" bunch toolsonline tools help bands business ... managers recent  rise companies ...online tools help bands business ... managers recent  rise companies ...online tools help bands business ... managers recent  rise companies ...occupywallst  ows tools illegal activity profiteering  banksters   immigration  afire  p2  tlot  topprogbanksters  corrupt businesses  corrupt pols ? mass  immigration   occupywallst tools.  p2  tlot  topprog  owskoch funds mass  immigration advocates &  occupywallst tools support too.  hmmm  p2  tlot  topprog  ows  tcot  ocra  sgpon  immigration   occupywallst tools  banksters   hmmmm  p2  tlot  topprog  tcot  ocra  goponline tools help bands business “the fundamental premise company  production distribut...online tools help bands business   onlinebusinessrtrtresearcher confirms using tools google trends  occupywallstreet censored twttronline tools help bands businesshigh tech tools help bands market directly fansrthigh tech tools help bands market directly fans topspin media companies offering bands t...rtrtresearcher confirms using tools google trends  occupywallst...   freewebso true. definitely world  technology  charm "high tech tools help bands market..   musicindustryrthigh tech tools help bands market directly fansrthigh tech tools help bands market directly fanswe ve seen example "idle hands tools devil    fran fox pivens surondd  occupywallstreet dummysrtoccupywallst tag research tools forward relative quarterly links daymarketing news online tools help bands business   york times
rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"i guess couldn spell  "ftw."file  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"but tea party dumb... rtfile   occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"aww..finger painting   kindergarten rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"
so 4 freedom expression speech  demamding egypt  libya syria  ect. told  stop complaining   occupywallstreetrtmsm makes deal 12 protesters arrested  syria   america country parents warnedthe united discovering democracy .... syria. 700 arrests. live democracy according united statesrthoms  syria  spirals civil warrtthe divided bickering syrian opposition look frightening picture   learn unite.a syrian nuclear engineer assassinated  syria  homs. regime targeting academic & scientists   nato4syria???????????? ?? ?????? ???? ??? ?????? ??? ???? ???? ???? ????   egypt  tahrir  ksa  nakba  noscaf  syria  yemen  tunisia  usdor??????? ??????? ??????? ?? ????? ??????? ???? ???? ??? ??????    egypt  syria  yemen  tunisia  usdor   libya  greece  bahrainkey syrian city takes tone civil waroccupywallstreet   opression worse  middleeast  libya  syria . 2 party system dysfunctional  us… (cont)homs  syria  spirals civil warhoms  syria  spirals civil warrthoms  syria  spirals civil warsyria revokes ban imports consumer   original decision sent prices soaring provoked outrage amon...anonymous  syria  lybia  opfullerton  opbart  occupywallstreet  occupyla  policebrutality  usdor  revolution  retweetrthoms  syria  spirals civil warhoms   syria  spirals civil warsteve  jobs   genius  born  syrian father raised  armenian family  dead.   depthpsychrtkey syrian city takes tone civil war   york times   syriartwhile assad kills own ppl amb rbt ford stands pro democ opp giving hope syrians. gop senate him?homs  syria  spirals civil war
rtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrton food run donations  2 buy?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrton food run donations  2 buy?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrton food run donations  2 buy?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallst
rtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreet  theyarescaredrtnew york finest   occcupywallstreet   bloomberg explaining do...proof cops breaking law   nypdrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtchase $4.6 mill 2 nypd "2 safe" ceo dimon. gc cops enforcers 4 wall st. crime bosses?  occupy wall st. 4 proofrtrt . spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetchase $4.6 mill 2 nypd "2 safe" ceo dimon. gc cops enforcers 4 wall st. crime bosses?  occupy wall st. 4 proofvideo proof nypd lead  occupywallstreet main bridge. don deceived  please truth known.rtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtthis proof happemed brooklyn bridge  via  abetternypd  takewallstreet  occupybrooklynbridgethe york city buildings  people singing  passion energy surrounding performance; proof  occupywallst. success.needsoftheoccupiersrt ~~> water proof signs. ciggs. tape. perm. markers. storage bins. rolling carts. energy drinks. rtrtexcellent proofreading advice (via)rtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreet ...rt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetcrazy proof lied to.occupyatlanta
rtyou love iphone. literally.   apple  iphone  mktg  brandyou love iphone. literally.   nytimes.com   inyou love iphone. literally.  hehrtcheck piece york times today. love iphone. literally – based research did...rtyou love iphone. literally.you love iphone. literally.   arabnetmeyou love iphone. literally.  <  confessnytimes love iphone. literally.   using word love describe phone months.  knewitrtyou love iphone. literally.you love iphone. literally.rt"usted ama su iphone. literalmente" una de las editoriales del domingo delyou love iphone. literally.   nytimes.comyou love iphone. literally.you love iphone. literally.file  sadbuttrue. rtnytimes love iphone. literally."hey  occupywallstreet   stevejobs ve $250 000 ve developed products iphone.”rtyou love iphone. literally.rtyou love iphone. literally.   arabnetmertyou love iphone. literally.  ??? ???? ?? ??? ??? ??????  ?? ? ???? ????. ? ?? ???? ????? ???? ???5????? ??? ?? ??.rtyou love iphone. literally.  /. jajaja yo tmb inclino por la vieja forma  de encontrar amortop story love iphone. literally.
u.s. government approved $40 billion worldwide private arms sales 2009   occupywallstreet  owsrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtin egypt  army proved honor people. ny  nypd proving illegitimacy siding wall st.  occupywallstreetkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...““cheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful (cont)rtare mad house boy  barack  proven america liberalism  bigfail ?  occupywallstreetrti heard twttr blocking  occupywallst trending topics b/c acquired fb  cia overlords disapprove. jokingkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...kanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...rtweekend 7 line service disrupted term improvementrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetkoch brothers positioned winners keystone xl pipeline approved     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatchtoptenlies.   1 "liberal media bias"  proven wrong  occupywallstreet  ows  closed.  "corporate media bias"  teapartyrt.our expenses $75/month. proves  expensive sell lies  tyranny  bullshit  usdor  occupywallstreetbloomberg  ashamed  instead hero cause  proved elitist puppet are.  occupywallstreetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtbig greenhouse advantage gas coal    yes prove safety fracking & minimise leakagertgermany approves euro bailout plan; slovakia vote awaitsrttrendsmap proves scary  twitter  censorship  occupywallstreet trending topics     takewallstreet  usrevolutionrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweet

how times gorge bush compared helter. didn seen reaction press all.henry paulson. secretary treasury bush admin 06 09. ex goldman sachs ceo/chairman.  crook  occupywallstcheney obama apologize slams bush administration former veep dick cheney praised president ...cheney obama apologize slams bush administrationcheney obama apologize slams bush administration   york daily newsrt700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.rt"president obama retained controversial bush policies  expanded them"  occupyamerica  usdor  ourwallstreetrt700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.rtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.rt"president obama retained controversial bush policies  expanded them"  occupyamerica  usdor  ourwallstreetrt700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.obama campaign borrows bush  04 playbook   nytimes.com key battlegrounds  president strategists i...tea party manufactured dick army et al rebranded bush/ gopfail ures.  occupywallst &occupy______ real organic.rtcheney obama apologize slams bush administrationrtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.how pumpkin headed bushwa pushing accomplices gawking @  occupywallstreet=how 5$ lattes consumed  pignorantrtbush cut taxes rich folks  $ outsource offshore jobs  gop spitting "job creators" b.s.   occupywallstrtcheney obama apologize slams bush administrationcan  protester  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet tell beating bush?obama campaign borrows bush  04 playbook perilous american economy undercuts presiden...rtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.

rtrtprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe 2 communicate anonymously   owsrtrtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtthe social media app occupy wall street protesters zuccotti park communicate anonymouslyrtinteresting rtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe communicate anonymouslyprivacy people  occupywallstreet protesters social media communicate anonymously  ny daily newsrtyoutube started erasing videos earlier today. occupation sunday  nypd videos up.rtsat.  followrtthe social media app occupy wall street protesters zuccotti park communicate anonymouslyfollowfriday(via)privacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe communicate anonymously   owsrtinteresting rtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtoccupywallst protesters vibe app communicate anonymously. acts localized twitter   vibeapprtinteresting rtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtthe social media app occupy wall street protesters zuccotti park communicate anonymouslyrtthe social media app occupy wall street protesters zuccotti park communicate anonymouslyrtthe social media app occupy wall street protesters zuccotti park communicate anonymouslyrtoccupy wall street protesters nyc zuccotti park using iphone & android app communicate   anonymouslyrtsome occupy wall street protesters using social media app called vibe communicate anonymously  (by me)rtrtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtyoutube started erasing videos earlier today. occupation sunday  nypd videos up.
the marine veterans promised arrived   occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtthe marine veterans promised arrived   occupywallstoh god.  occupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtrtrta "musical surprise" promised assembly  ows.rtmy frustration w/ obama blocking  publicoption  hr676 plans promised table   ows  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.the rainbow pooping unicorns obama promised 2008.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtempty promises obama promised change  occupywhitehouse  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.
nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight" meaning  beating people.rtoccupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workoutoccupywallstreet  nypd officer bragging “my little nightstick’s workout tonight”     stoppolicestatertoccupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workoutrton video  nypd officer "my little nightstick workout tonight"rtoccupywallstreet nypd officer bragging giving nightstick workout   ows  copwatchrtnypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight" meaning  beating people.new post nypd officer wall street “my little nightstick’s workout tonrtoccupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workoutnypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight"rtrtows protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workout    occupywallstreetnypd waited dark started beating protestors & bragged "my lil baton workout..."  ows rtrtaw hell  rtoccupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workoutrtnypd cop  "my little nightstick workout tonight" readyrtnypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightsticks workout tonight" 0 reviews««occupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workoutrtnypd officer "my little nightstick workout tonight"   occupywallstreetarrest  rtnypd officer wall st bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight"rtrt"my nightstick’s gonna workout tonight  hopefully”   nypd officer  video outside  occupywallstreetrt"my little nightstick gonna workout tonight  hopefully."   nypd officer   occupywallstreet  occupylartnypd officer "my little nightstick workout tonight"   occupywallstreet
rt "moveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percent"rtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent check "we 100 percent" ericallenbell.org
bank america charge $5 monthly fee debit card  /via<~ unsupervised corporate rapists.  ?video  nypd gone wild drones vs  occupywallstreet?   police  pigs  fblivestream washington square park  occupywallst assemblyoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnrtoccupy philadelphia begins thursday  october 6th  2011 9am. location city halloctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymn  demsoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnrtoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymn
rtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetis touch organizing  occupywallstreetjournal ? volunteer graphic designermedia center team reading  occupywallstreetjournal.  occupybostonrtwanna  solidarity with? please help publish  occupywallstreetjournalrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetwanna  solidarity with? please help publish  occupywallstreetjournal    icontributedanessayrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetrt   rtoccupywallstreet time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   sep17  takewallstreetrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetneed writers  occupywallstreetjournal?rtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreetrtit time  occupywallstreetjournal  people.   occupywallstreet  sep17  takewallstreet
rtbanks customers pay debit card feertvideo   bank america refuses customers close accounts   takewallstreet  ows   usdor  tws  occupywallstreetrtbanks customers pay debit card fee  // yoocheck outrtbanks 2 customers pay fee 4 using debit cards   p2  tcot  finance  debit instead credit?rtbofa makes $1 billion month announces it’s 2 charge customers $5 month 2 own money debit cards. occupywallstdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...rtbofa makes $1 billion month announces it’s 2 charge customers $5 month 2 own money debit cards. occupywallstnytimes banks customers pay fee using debit cardsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...deal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...rtbofa makes $1 billion month announces it’s 2 charge customers $5 month 2 own money debit cards. occupywallstjp morgan chase ceo makes 843 times median household income pays chase customers 0.01 percent savings  occupywallstreetrtbanks customers pay debit card feebanks customers pay fee using debit cards   york timesreviewing nissan quest. nissan quest aimed giving customers conventional minivan expe...car sales japan september  13 months country ... customers toyota dealership ...rtguess "cash only" rtbanks customers pay debit card feebottomless greed.  rtbanks customers pay debit card feeis collecting money owed customers favorite jobs?deal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...banks customers pay debit card fee
rtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrt““there hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreet””rtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreet"report nj gov. chris christie won seek 2012 presidential bid" isn suprise.““there hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreet””rtarm yourself music  getupwakeupriseup  s17  sept17  revolution  bankers  occupywallstreetrtrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreet

rtwww.occupybritain.co.uk  retweet please followers  site features  99%rtsolidarity  occupywallst. re spirit streets manchester uk  occupymcrrtsolidarity  occupywallst. re spirit streets manchester uk  occupymcrrtsolidarity atlantic  30 000 protest manchester 2day. rich pay crisis   occupymcr  occupywallst““solidarity  occupywallst. re spirit (cont)rtsolidarity  occupywallst. re spirit streets manchester uk  occupymcrrtsolidarity  occupywallst. re spirit streets manchester uk  occupymcron education feeder  mancdemo  occupymcr. rage machine playing. ve power back.  occupywallstrtafter  love mcr   inspired nyc.  occupymcr inspired  occupywallst.  nowtsoriginalrtrtcheers brothers sisters pondthey starting tonight  occupytheworldrtsolidarity  occupywallst. re spirit streets manchester uk  occupymcrrt>  occupymcr rtoperationremember nov 5th parliament  london. uk tur… (cont)rtassemblies starting squares manchester   occupymcr  occupywallstreettalk amongst yourselves  solidarityrtsolidarity  occupywallst. re spirit streets manchester uk  occupymcrhello   please share  thankyourtpeople begun assembling  manchester  uk  albert square   occupymcr  occupywallst  cdc11rtcheers brothers sisters pondthey starting tonight  occupytheworldrtoccupy manchester october 2nd tory party conference   ff (cont)alternatives  tags  manchesterforthealternative tomorrow  occupymcr  cpc11demo  cpc11  gather
rtoccupywallstreet media team arrested  nypd don shown >>rtsalt lake city community solidarity front banks & fed. look normal people   usdorrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owshealth insurance costs rising sharply  study (new york times)rtoccupywallstreet protesters amazing discipline control actions nypd  viartwow. shocking  unions  occupywallstreet suddenly violent.  coincidence?rtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetwatching  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet kansas city wearing shirt  also. support.rtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtgot henna tat 2 support 4  occuppywallst...it dortyou crazy obama  nut jobs. obama running show. sour kids?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  tcotows  cspjrtfunny  nypd  occupywallstreet arresting lot protesters. begun.rtoccupy wall street shocking photos protester defecating police car    occupywallstreet   tcot  liberalsrtnypd released video officer warning occupy wall street protestors arrested walked bklyn bridge roadway  cnnvirtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viart"opening show" spots limited. world famous dr peter kinensa "first global insights show"   nytimes  telegraph  forbesrtnypd releases video claiming warning    nypd leading  ows onto roadrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...pls rtrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtneedsoftheoccupiers showers clean clothes    ows
i reviewing babysitting options lol. week night?  :\news changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering a...rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtwoman shot death lunging nypd officers knifertrta friend emailed screenshot norton securities censors  occupywallstreet "malicious website." gee  wonder...rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.{yikes} rtbrooklyn sutter ave & bradford st. male shot twice. victim transported serious condition  die.manhattan nypd scene 213 45 st person shot. requesting ems rush aided serious condition.u/d 213 45th st perp shot  nypd victim shot expire. heavy crime scene.  nyc  crimebrooklyn  nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards male shot sutter ave & bradford st. victim die.  crimebarber shot head inside shop beloved owner brooklyn barbershop gunned front stu...drug farmer 2 slayings killed swat team calif. forest swat team shot killed ment...drug farmer 2 slayings killed swat team calif. forest swat team shot killed ment...knife wielding woman shot death knife wielding woman shot killed cops front midtown wo...man remorse sexual torture wife former city education shot sentenced 25 for...brooklyn   male shot times  ralph ave & fulton st.  nypd searching 3 perps. victim kch  ems.factual police shot killed failed respond drop knives carrying“better shot entrance  brooklynbridge. thick contingent  nypd.  < wow.totally. especially mugshots.rtnice shot   arrest idea. (found irc)  anonymous  99percent  occupywallstreet
rtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrt8pmet onbernie talking withabout  occupywallstreet protests.  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrt8pmet onbernie talking withabout  occupywallstreet protests.  occupywallst  takewallstreetrt8pmet onbernie talking withabout  occupywallstreet protests.  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrt8pmet onbernie talking withabout  occupywallstreet protests.  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreet
rt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsso disrespectful   teamobama2012rt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owstea party respectful & patriotic.  occupywallstreet craps cop cars. (and democrats proud )  nypdrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsthey gone mace respectful establishments  imagert respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   ows

rtplease  usdor "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallst" ericallenbell.orgplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtoccupywallstreet  usdor  anonymous please crazy "the york times changin " ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrturgent please "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd stop  occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  takewallstreet "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet"   ericallenbell.orgrtplease  usdor  occupyusa  occupywallstreet   declaration occupation york city   ericallenbell.orgrttakewallsreet  nypd  usdor  occupywallstreet   declaration occupation york city   ericallenbell.orgrtusdor  revolution  occupywallstreet   declaration occupation york city   ericallenbell.orgrtplease  usdor  99percent  occupywallstreet   declaration occupation york city   ericallenbell.orgrtplease  plutocracy  usdor  occupywallstreet   declaration occupation york city   ericallenbell.orgrtplease  corporatism  nypd  occupywallstreet   declaration occupation york city   ericallenbell.orgrtplease  usdor  revolution  occupywallstreet   declaration occupation york city   ericallenbell.orgrtrevolution  nonviolence  consciousness  occcupywallstreet  peace  usdor "let evolve" ericallenbell.orgrtnypd  takewallstreet "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtoccupywallstreet  usdor  anonymous please crazy "the york times changin " ericallenbell.orgrtplease  occupywallstreet  usdor  revolution  99percent "the york times changin " ericallenbell.orgrtoccupywallstreet  usdor please spread  please "we fail   expect us" ericallenbell.org ning.it/nujcr9rtrt  occupywallstreet  anonymous  usdor  occupyboston  occupyla "we fail   expect us" ericallenbell.orgrtoccupywallstreet  usdor please spread  please "we fail   expect us" ericallenbell.org
will book kill footnote?rtbloomberg whines assault sleepingbaggers – occupiers hurting ny economy – filthy park – de..   teaparty  panrtin g.o.p. race  foreign policy mainly footnotertbeautiful rtheymy love note human mic. tinyurl.com/65ntq4artplease note legit website foris "www.occuopychi.org" news & donations  re tweet  tyrtrtre~election poster   obama touring country  soros  astroturf  occupywallstreet warfarertpaging garafolo mtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst?oh  speaking nypd  else notertin g.o.p. race  foreign policy mainly footnotethe brooklyn rail editor theodore hamm city notes    occupywallstreet  owsrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtessay book kill footnote?rtoccupywallstreet  nypd  nypdproud  occupywallst99percent  ows  occupycolleges:)  istandwiththenypd  nypdrtows notes  radiohead playing @  occupywallstreet rally @  libertysquare nyc @ 4pm   occupywallstreetrtyemen notes own role u.s. attack militant  ??????? ?????? ??? ?????  ????? ??????? ?????? ???? ?? ???????rtcritic’s notebook sims social astonishing success facebookrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedin g.o.p. race  foreign policy mainly footnotertcritic’s notebook sims social astonishing success facebookrtoccupywallst links locked teamsters   sothebys  teamsters  1u
rt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreet“wall street protesters gather nypd headquarters:" busy none faithful 2 god   godhatesthemediathe "ground zero mosque" (i quotations none words factually true.) fanfare.rt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreeta tremor  inspiring nonetheless..  occupywallst hopefully gain momentum another..rt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetrtin 1992 thousands nypd officers closed brooklyn bridge protesting none arrestedcheck  occupywallst police brutality peaceful protestersnone mainstream mediartthis occupy poster   anonelvis  takewallstreet  owsrthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreet  p2rtoccupywallstreet boycott evil corporations  none money spend.rtnypd none acting willing servile goons corporate power elite....     occupyrtoccupywallstreet   corporations rights individuals none responsibility.  p2  p21  tlot”rt.mtmessages support  occupywallstreet projected onto building street liberty strtattention hippies  fielding questions complete sentences today. so... none hippies.  occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rt.mtmessages support  occupywallstreet projected onto building street liberty strthow wall street bankers arrested nypd destroying economy? none. rewarded $700 billion  occupywallstreetwe free virus scanner picks none infalliblert1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreetrt1992  thousands nypd officers closed bk bridge protesting & none arrested   occupywallstreet
rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegesrtfeel ditching class?  occupywallstreet tomorrow noonrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegesrtrttoday noon  clergy invited nyc meet washington sq judson church...rtrtspike lee doing 1 day cash pop shop noon 6pm ft greenertnypd buses rikers set afternoon ready therti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.occupycoloradosprings meets everyday noon 7pm acacia park. join  99%   occupywallstreet  usdor  dsot  p2  cothursday noon portland  occupy protest waterfront  pass on?rtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegesrtrtbattery dying capitol  occupydenver  join    occupywallstrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon  solidarity  occupywallstreet  occupyaustin  occupyhouston  occupycollegesrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegesrti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rtnational student walkout tomorrow noon  solidarity  occupywallstreet  occupyaustin  occupyhouston  occupycollegesrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupychirti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti true. noonrti ll  occupywallstreet late tomorrow afternoon. late never...
occupywallst  occupysolyndra  occupydisney  occupygm  occupyafl cio  occupytheseiurtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtmaking  newsies  disney film flop stage smash hitrtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.www.el talent.com  newsies  disney film flop stage smash hitrtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.making  newsies  disney film flop stage smash hitrtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.making  newsies  disney film flop stage smash hit music theater international  world larg...rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.making  newsies  disney film flop stage smash hit menken adds "disney sell animate...rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.making  newsies  disney film flop stage smash hit reviews enco...rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? neg ...

rt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstrtamazing  occupywallstreet video  goes special followers. love  thanksrtoccupywallstreet talks fox news crushes   usdor  occupywallstreet  occupykstrtthe culture war over.  lost.  usdor  occupykstrtoh  brave overnighters hats  gloves  handwarmers  hot coffee morning please   needsoftheoccupiersrtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6freedomplaza occupation meets pepper spray air & space museum is.gd/3r6kqr  oct6  occupydc  occupykst  occupydc  october2011  usdorrthmm...art supplies  water  blankets  utensils  peanut butter...anything else?  needsoftheoccupiers  occupydcneedsrt1970 3%  congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykst   fascismrtthis fella  rtoccupywallstreet talks fox news crushes youtube.com/watch?v=cjgwdf…  usdor   occupykstlawrence lessig  occupywallst   occupykst   occupymainstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtthe culture war over. lost.  usdor  occupykstrthow union lobbying cost workers?    usdor  occupykst  occupywallstreetrthouse rep  branch fed government ought dependent ppl  federalist 52   usdor  occupykstrtstrengthen executive power?  owned special own legislature.  usdor  occupykstrtthe culture war over. lost.  usdor  occupykstrthouse rep  branch fed government ought dependent ppl  federalist 52   usdor  occupykstrt+900 ex govt officials inc 70 former congress mbr lobbied financial sector 2009   usdor  occupykst  occupywallstreetrthow union lobbying cost workers?    usdor  occupykst  occupywallstreetrtthe culture war over.  lost.  usdor  occupykst

rtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtno son 500 sino 700 una niña los detenidos por ir por la acera  brooklynbridge  occupywallstreet   15oct  15mrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtno son 500 sino 700 una niña los detenidos por ir por la acera  brooklynbridge  occupywallstreet   15oct  15mrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnypd arrestando una niña durante protesta pacifica  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest video
rtoccupywallstreet yes  100 cities united joined occupy movement. check... yes  ov...about 100 people joined marzes .  rally  opposition  sep30sharunak  armenia  libertysquare nikolai walked  yerevanrtprotests started & organized & joined unions millions members.  usdor  articlev applies too.russell simmons joined  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  sept17  october6  occupyamerica  antibanks  anticorp  stopthemach2011  usdorrtrtfreedom plaza marchers joined ga mcpherson park.  occupydcrtto occupy stand you. admire& country joined solidarityrtmanyarrestees joined. reason   nokxl  owsrta pilot union joinedon 11th dayunions join wall street protest march thousands union workers joined protesters marching downtown manhat...rthave seen cities joined protest? ? 261 cities  wow. wow. wow.   usdor  occupyamerica  owsrtprotests started & organized & joined unions millions members.  usdor  articlev applies too.occupywallstreet protest joined labor  community  censorship america     99percentrtwow. 343 cities joined  occupytogether. earlier 261.   ows  usdor  occupyamericawow  ows  wwjd mtocuppywallst joined christian protest group. "we silent " egerstromben & jerry stands themovement joined solidarity  viartmanyarrestees joined. reason   nokxl  owsrtprotests started & organized & joined unions millions members.  usdor  articlev applies too.rtrtwow. 343 cities joined  occupytogether. earlier 261.   ows  usdor  occupyamericartwe live fromtonight  epic people  usmc joined groupoccupywallstreet protest joined labor  community   occupywallst  cenosrshiprtstand  occupywallst demand real democracy  send message support  ows   176 000 joined
rtwill drum circle honor 10pm quiet time? white shirts forcefully shut late  tense moments.  occupywallstrtwhite shirts  look brownshirts. nypd  occupywallstreet  usdor brooklyn nypd direct peaceful trap & arresthello mr. white shirts  doing there...  solidarity  occupywallstnyc  occupylaneedsoftheoccupiers blankets  socks  emergency blankets  jackets  sweatshirts ... basically warm stuff  occupywallstreet  occupy  zuccottirtwhite shirts  look brownshirts. nypd  occupywallstreet  usdor brooklyn nypd direct peaceful...rtrtrtrtmy nypd insider white shirts top b...palin 2012 shirts selling hotcakes  occupywallstrtnypd disgraced themselves tonight. help noticing supervisors aggressive. "white shirts" meme.  owsrtupdate white shirts beat someone. video  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtnypd disgraced themselves tonight. help noticing supervisors aggressive. "white shirts" meme.  owsrtnypd proudly crapping constitution & screwing own children future white shirts hang wallstreet.  usdorrteven  nypd blue shirts disgusted hysterical  violent white shirt bosses   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtstopthewhiteshirts nypd internal affairs +1 (212) 741 8401 mayor bloomberg +1 (212) york +1 (212) 374 3921  occupywallstreetrtrtmy nypd insider white shirts top brass bloomberg bidding.  occupywallstreetnew post nypd mass arrests 500 people white shirts recorded beating occupywallstreet protesrt2 white shirts encroached inside outer edge park  observing raucous drum circle. feel concerns  occupywallstrtows nypd markedly relaxed marches. leading white shirts woman. baton swinging video consequence?nypd mass arrests 700 people white shirts recorded beating occupywallstreet protesterstheintelhub.com/2011/10/01/nyprtoccupywallstreet   re cool national socialists 30 wore brown shirts wear urban outfitters.rtthose nypd white shirts iranian counterparts. players fear game.  usdorn.y.p.d.’s ‘white shirts’ enforcer role
rtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas home depot lowes  needsoftheoccupiers // corporate shill   tcotrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet“would patio umbrellas  home depot lowes" revolution  blood streetsrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet
rtnypd trick protesters brooklyn bridge; arrest 700  | epjrtronpaul emotional speech    revolution   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  endthefed  endthewars  tcot  tlot  p2this uniting tired corporate corruption.occupywallstreetrtrtbank bailouts  socialism. free market capitalism smash banks oblivion  occupywallstreet  occupythefedrtgandhi – (we quote often. there’s lessons us.)   ronpaul  tcot  tlot  peace  occupywallstreetrtronpaul  ralphnader  denniskucinich speak  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  endthefedrtronpaul talking withtomorrows oct5  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  endthefed  endthewarsif nation sick  doctor ever.  ronpaul2012  endthefed  occupywallstreetrtnader   ronpaul kucinich speak  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  occupythefed  endthefedrtoccupy federal reserve launched is.gd/afdrbz  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupythefed  endthefed  ronpaul@  occupywallstreet... interview guy     ronpaul2012rtron  paul term preventive  war aggressive war  iraq  yemen  afghanistan  pakistan    usdor  ronpaulrtronpaul politicians create  deficits exposed  tax hikers   usdorrtwhy reluctant pubically endorse ron paul ? practices preach  20 years.  ronpaulronpaul highlights  consequences "assassination"of  anwaralawlakiwhy reluctant pubically endorse ron paul ? practices preach  20 years.  ronpaulto people trying  occupywallstreet base acampaign. take..and shove arse.occupy federal reserve launched   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupythefed  endthefed  ronpaulrttea party backers david charles koch illegally sold oil equipment iran ...   york daily news   teaparty  tlotrtwarning corporate fascist military coup brewing united states?  nwo  banksters  teaparty  gop  ronpaul  sept17  opesr  a99  owsrtand crazy talked  policestate    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rttop contributors barack obama |  . check obama pals .  takewallstreet  occupywallstreettcot200+ contributors  rtoccupywallstreet  ows events & news roundup occupy wall street nojournal >obama top contributors.....  wallstreet.   usdor  occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011  anticorp  antibank  99percentrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrtobama top contributors. um. wall street.    usdor  occupywallstreetrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrtobama top contributors. um. wall street.    usdor  occupywallstreetrtobama top contributors. um. wall street.    usdor  occupywallstreetrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorthe recession’s ‘silent mental health epidemic’ via  occupy  ows  usdorrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdor"top contributors obama | opensecrets  name wall street.  usdor"<   change believe in??rtobama top contributors. um. wall street.    usdor  occupywallstreetrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrtthe recession’s ‘silent mental health epidemic’ via  occupy  ows  usdorrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrtobama top contributors. um. wall street.    usdor  occupywallstreetrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrttop contributors barack obama |  . check obama pals .  takewallstreet  occupywallstreettcotrtobama top contributors. um. wall street.    usdor  occupywallstreet
rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rt"the banks bailed   sold "  occupyoccupywallstrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtdear nypd  remember real criminals wall street bailed  arrested.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtthe banks bailed out... sold out.  takewallstreet  owsrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.in period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rt"the banks bailed   sold "  occupyoccupywallstrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rt"the banks bailed   sold "  occupyoccupywallstwhen people evicted unfairly banks bailed money wake millions joinrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtbofa bailed taxpayers  refuses loan money  adds fees  won website down. heck   occupywallstreet
rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"i guess couldn spell  "ftw."file  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"but tea party dumb... rtfile   occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"aww..finger painting   kindergarten rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"rtfile  occupywallst geniuses "f*ck fasicism"
rtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtalert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.legal observers arrestedrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food… (cont)rtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtalert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.legal observers arrested
sadreally hope people successful  message trying portraya successful idea worthier money world;dream bring ideas reality; respect   occupywallstreet  ows  nwortagreed. nypd enemies  re fulfilling role. getting arrested successful protest.dragged aisle 300 york brides report forced marriage successfully worked...rtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweet““cheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful (cont)rtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtignore nonsense f.o.c.u.s.  follow course successful  occupywallstreet  occupythehooddragged aisle 300 york brides report forced marriage successfully worked...dragged aisle 300 york brides report forced marriage successfully worked...rtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtwe successfully occupying st louis  kiener plaza support   occupystl  occupywallstreet  usdorrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtif  occupywallstreet successfully eliminates financial institutions cash unemployment & welfare checks?rtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweeta topic  write  list   rtnine characteristics successful entrepreneurs
inexpensive chicago irene’s wake  developments dry enough? storm revealed uncomfort...nyt chart "tracking europe debt crisis:"  economic & policy developments euro zone.  euromessrtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.advisor news   irene’s wake  developments dry enough?in irene’s wake  developments dry enough?   fog shrouded lower manhattan tropical storm irene bl...rt“.is live tweeting  occupywallst developments. follow news.”rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.rtin irene’s wake  developments dry enough?in irene’s wake  developments dry enough? storm revealed uncomfortable truth ...rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.rtin irene’s wake  developments dry enough? storm revealed uncomfortable truth much...  nytrtin irene’s wake  developments dry enough?rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.in irene’s wake  developments dry enough? storm revealed uncomfortable truth ...rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.in irene’s wake  developments dry enough? storm revealed uncomfortable truth ...rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.rtfollowfor updates  occupywallst developments nyc tonight.
rtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrt"times freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet "rtrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtso  re arresting media... rttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet. media takes side.rtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtgov.chrischristie hold 1 p.m. news conference amid speculation  2012presidential bid. tune cbsnewyork.com .rtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetlive chat @ 4 p.m. detroitrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet

rtpaging garafolo mtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst?rtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrt “will msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor united
rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rt*sigh* mthighlights substantial rewrite lede inarticle arrestsrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtnytimes pulls 1984 rewrites history shift blame  occupywallstreet protestors.rthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtnypd nytimes rewrite article aboutarrests  brooklyn bridge?  occupywallstrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrtnytimes pulls 1984 rewrites history shift blame  occupywallstreet protestors.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rttonight rewrite police brutality nypd commit video. violent video.rtrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.oof  rthighlights substantial rewrite lede inarticle arrests. i51.tinypic.com/296i2iq.jpgrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtwow. rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rthighlights substantial rewrite nytimes article  arrestsrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.
rtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorrtmy visit  occupywallst sound voices echoing park night beautiful. space alive w/ideas + anticipationits time disincorporate  corporategreed  suits burial wrap   occupywallstreet  usdor  occupyoz  occupyyourspace  fucgsocial media news site gains clout chronicling rise social media platforms myspace  facebook  youtu...freedomplaza occupation meets pepper spray air & space museum is.gd/3r6kqr  oct6  occupydc  occupykst  occupydc  october2011  usdorrtqueens museum considers selling rooftop ad space eyes plane passengersrtqueens museum considers selling rooftop ad space eyes plane passengersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmy visit  occupywallst sound voices echoing park night beautiful. space alive w/ideas + anticipationrtoccupywallstreet go. hours police bus. ppl handcuffed buses. trying space precinctsrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtcorporate repression civic space nypd cia  dhs  fbi.  source?  corrupt elections.  civil military power usurped.   usdorrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetoccupywallst  occupythepersonstandingtoyourleft  occupyonlythespaceyouarestandingin   occupysomethingforgodssakertfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorrtcivic space. press. elections. fundamental institutions  democratic society belong serve people.  usdorrtcivic space. press. elections. ll taking trad media selling body wash & bloodshed  .   usdorrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet physical avatar national movement freedomows  occupyfloridartmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers
rttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallsttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtgood forfor   wake america usury.  occupywallstreetrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying int rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallst
“rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.streetsblog york city  »  nypd contrary tabs  fallen cyclist nicolas djandji didn’t run red while...rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtrtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.streetsblog york city    nypd contrary tabs  fallen cyclist nicolas djandji didn... car service brooklynrtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtbrilliant writing brilliant man. rtthe contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.a lovely tribute. rtmy nyt column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.
rtthis cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.   occupywallstreetrtthis cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight" meaning  beating people.rtnypd officer wall street bragging    wallstreeoccupy  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workoutoccupywallstreet  nypd officer bragging “my little nightstick’s workout tonight”     stoppolicestatertoccupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workoutrtthis cop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight. didn camera.   occupywallstreetcheck video    nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick ge...  viaoccupy wall street protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick ... "my little nightstick gonna get...rtoccupywallstreet nypd officer bragging giving nightstick workout   ows  copwatchtop story nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick …check video    nypd officer wall street bragging hes beat protesters  viacheck video    nypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick ge...  viartnypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight" meaning  beating people.rtcop bragging abt beating peaceful protesters 2night. didn camera.   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workoutnypd officer wall street bragging "my little nightstick workout tonight"rtrtows protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workout    occupywallstreetrtaw hell  rtoccupywallstreet protesters post video cop bragging  nightstick gonna workoutrt“rtcop bragging beating peaceful protesters tonight...on camera.   occupywallstreet”
rtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydc
rtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtan apology parents raising worthless  selfish human beings.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  tcot  p2rtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.  superrich  occupywallstreet  fb
:great pic wedding couple crossing paths w/ occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests). twitpic.com/6tn9gdrt“great pic wedding couple crossing paths  occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests).cymbeline  actors real life wedding   nytimes.com actors play couple "cymbeline" getting married r...jessica lacy  christopher sanata weddings bride agent international creative management  ta...kimberley morris  chad rosen weddings wedding estate california.memorable wedding day... rtwedding couple cross paths  occupywallst protesters bridge (before arrests)rt“great pic wedding couple crossing paths  occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests).nyt jessica lacy  christopher sanata   wedding weekendi ve posted pics wedding/hotel fb pagecandace walsh  laura andré weddings  ... bleesings & love ~ xoxrtbust move  watch tom cruise challenged dance wedding   throwsrt“great pic wedding couple crossing paths  occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests).rtgr8 pic wedding couple crossing paths w/  occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests).rtmorning peeps  follow fab lady amazing nypd police car available hire weddings   prom etcfound wedding songrtgreat pic wedding couple crossing paths  occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests).mt“great pic wedding couple crossing paths  ows protesters bridge (before arrests).  "congrats  rich  rthendrik uyttendaele  richard meislin weddingsbust move  watch tom cruise challenged dance wedding   throwsgreat pic wedding couple crossing paths  occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests).artsbeat blog  cymbeline  actors real life wedding
rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.no denying argument there. concise minded complex ppl  ows sidesteps thisrtrt1) nonviolent action speech  matter what. zero tolerance violence.  8rules viaoccupywallstreet  p2rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.it honor sit steps from& watch speak ontonightw/my daughter cheer   owsrtwow.. rtvew foley sq  steps 60 centre  supreme court bldg. arriving  occupywallstreetrtit honor sit steps from& watch speak ontonightw/my daughter cheer   owsobama steps pressure pass jobs bill  stave ... kathleen lucadamo president ob...rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rt:100 plus occupy la protesters camp steps los angeles city hall lat.ms/ou8mqq  occupywallstreetrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtvew foley sq  spot prior  steps 60 centre  supreme court bldg. arriving  occupywallstreetrtcrazy mtvew foley sq steps supreme court bldg. arriving  occupywallstreetrtlabor/community rally foley sq  seen steps 60 centre.  occupywallst arriving rearrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast..greece public sector shuts strike debt crisis stepsrt100 plus occupy la protesters camp steps los angeles ...sen. bernie sanders wall street protests7 concrete steps action  p2  topprog   ctl
rtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreet
rtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   owsrtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   owsrtnypd arrested nyt reporter twelve girl tonight. played  goons   occupywallstreetrtnypd arrested nyt reporter twelve girl tonight. played  goons   occupywallstreetrtnypd arrested nyt reporter twelve girl tonight. played  goons   occupywallstreetrtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   ows““nypd arrested nyt reporter twelve girl tonight. played  goons   occupywallstreet””rtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   owsrtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   owsrtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   owsrtnypd arrested nyt reporter twelve girl tonight. played  goons   occupywallstreetrtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   owsdemand twelve outlaw credit reporting agencies. 12.5 load requests approved.   occupywallstreetrtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   owsrtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   owsrtrtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   owsrtnypd arrested nyt reporter twelve girl tonight. played  goons   occupywallstreetrtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   owsrtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   owsrtnypd arrested nyt reporter twelve girl tonight. played  goons   occupywallstreetyeah       rtin twelve hours 3 pm  washington square park   ows
rtadvice  occupywallstreet  "why here" answer  "i  trying figure out."& don  aja fake figures “700 arrested  occupywallstreet protest demonstratorsrtgeneral assembly tomorrow 10/2 7pm 1802 park st  madison   figure support  occupywallstnyc  occupywallstreetwell figured happen smdhbosses health care charities pulling six figure salaries help ... pay packages leaders s...overseas journalist  figures  occupywallstreet   people/unions/cities involved far??rtcurvy comedian melissa mccarthy launching clothing line figured ladiesrtoccupywallstreet trolls  word "earn" vocabulary.  "gimme" figures prominently  however.  handouts  tcotwow“new arrest figures police "400 500." charged disorderly conduct  minimum.  occupywallstreet”rtgeneral assembly tomorrow 10/2 7pm 1802 park st  madison   figure support  occupywallstnyc  occupywallstreetrtobama inside mountain  fema  nasa trying figure tell people   ourwallstreet  owsrtnew arrest figures police "400 500." charged disorderly conduct  minimum  occupywallstreet viartit crystal  occupywallstreet protestors   stuff belongs people.  nothardtofigureoutrtrtlatest figure 700 arrested.  occupywallstreetrtthe media trying 2figure 2label obama w/wall st protests. w/2take obama  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrtnew arrest figures police "400 500." charged disorderly conduct  minimum.  occupywallstreetrtnew arrest figures police "400 500." charged disorderly conduct  minimum  occupywallstreet viartobama inside mountain  fema  nasa trying figure tell people   ourwallstreet  owswhat  occupywallst ask? 99% screwed country’s wealthiest 1% figure   owsif *i* figure east bumf*ck  nd  msm cover  ows  w/out press kitrtnyt help  occupywallstreet design logo  "visual identity."  (stick figure defecating cop car?)
rtee.uu. 700 detenidos en protestas contra el sistema financiero   observador global   takewallstreetrthay 400 detenidos dice la policía en  brooklynbridge  occupywallstreet dice  nytimes   15oct  15mrtprotestas de los indignados eeuu terminan con más de 700 detenidossolidarity spain 700 detenidos en york   occupywallstreetrturgente    eeuu departamento de la policía de nueva york confirma nbc 700 detenidos por protestas en wall street.  occupywallstrt700 detenidos en una marcha indignada en nueva york   occupywallstreet  brooklynbridge  15mrturgente    eeuu departamento de la policía de nueva york confirma nbc 700 detenidos por protestas en wall street.  occupywallstrtmás de 50 detenidos en  occupywallsreet  ows al menos 5 mujeres golpeadas en la cara  wearethemedia  ourwallstreet  15m  globalchangertprotestas de los indignados eeuu terminan con más de 700 detenidosrtno son 500 sino 700 una niña los detenidos por ir por la acera  brooklynbridge  occupywallstreet   15oct  15mrtrtincidentes en nueva york. una nueva protesta de los indignados deja más de 400 detenidos  occupywallstreetmas de 700 detenidos en ny. hay otras alternativas dentro del sistemartuna colaboradora de nytimes entre los detenidos rttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  owsrtuna colaboradora de nytimes entre los detenidos rttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  owsrtla policia usa gas pimienta porras en  occupywallstreet al menos 20 detenidosrt700 detenidos en una marcha indignada en nueva york   occupywallstreet  brooklynbridge  15mrt700 detenidos en  brooklynbridge en las protestas de  occupywallstreetmarcha protestant en ny  brooklyn .. 400 detenidos eso existe para  cnn ..  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtuna colaboradora de nytimes entre los detenidos rttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  owsrt700 detenidos en una marcha indignada en nueva york   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet700 detenidos en  brooklynbridge en las protestas de  occupywallstreet
iphoning lazy  moonbats hold virtual  occupywallst :     .. usdor .. squatters ..cccoulter  occupywallst squatters  ... usdor ; ccclearly writing  twat   cunt   &  fuck  twitter people excited. limited vocabularies.  ukuncut   iblamethetoriesrtiphoning lazy  moonbats hold virtual  occupywallst :     .. usdor .. squatters ..ccrtrt adults footie jammies?
a tech war slights centuries monarchy “war room” technicians weeds sites deemed...deal sites fading allure merchantsthe real daily deal sites (very read)deal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...tech deal sites fading allure  merchantscoupon sites deal  merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...deal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...rtdeal sites fading allure merchantsthat fake war blood fuel money machines. time free world parasites.coupon sites deal  merchants “but sooner t...deal sites fading allure merchants   june  groupon preparing public valuation ...sorry accidentally sites. recover soon : )  occupywallstreet  anonymous  usdorrtlonely planet names tastiest food sites world ()rthey commie hipster entitlement parasites   maybe ate soy  skulls wouldnt crack easily   usdor  occupywallstreet  p2deal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...rtsorry accidentally sites. recover soon : )  occupywallstreet  anonymous  usdor   zh cnrtlonely planet names tastiest food sites world ()deal sites fading allure merchantsnames tastiest food sites world; spots chocolate  fish gelato.  food  traveldeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...
rtlargest identity theft ring u.s. history busted queens  111 indicted $13 million fraudrtlargest identity theft ring u.s. history busted queens  111 indicted $13 million fraudrtlargest identity theft ring u.s. history bustedsmh woulda stopped 2million tops rt$13 million identify theft ring busted queenseveryone happens wall street schtuping hookers  blowing coke theft money.  occupywallstreetrt$13 million identify theft ring busted queensrt$13 million identity theft bust nypd.rt$13 million identify theft ring busted queensrtrtsmh rt$13 million identify theft ring busted queens    niggas hotheres "reduce chances cell phone theft"  stay reach nypd officer re filming it.rt111 indicted largest identity theft u.s.   infosec  operationswiperlargest identity theft ring history busted queens  111 indicted ... queens based identity theft r...iphone theft suspect dead ringer picture sent ... alex christodoulides  bob kappstatter  tr...nypd biggest id theft bust "the schemes imagination thieves mind boggling." (...rtsmile  re camera  anti theft  igotya  app snaps photo thug stole iphone   & emailspta theft repayment stalls plea dealthey nypd helicopters crazy lookin sum1 grand theft autolargest identity theft ring u.s. history busted queens  111 indicted $13 million fraudnypd rolls biggest identity theft bust u.s. history « eideard police friday eavesdropped on...iphone theft suspect dead ringer picture sent stolen ... sunday night  pickpocket li...rteveryone happens wall street schtuping hookers  blowing coke theft money.  occupywallstreet
rtplease  usdor "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallst" ericallenbell.orgplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrt"j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd"   occupywallstreet  usdor viartplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrturgent please "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd stop  occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  takewallstreet "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet"   ericallenbell.orgrtnypd  takewallstreet "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.org
rtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtoh  brave overnighters hats  gloves  handwarmers  hot coffee morning please   needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetelectric socks  mittens; tarps; reg socks; hand warmers; yoga mats; warming stations (cars  nearby apts)  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrt“oh & brave overnighters hats  gloves  handwarmers & hot coffee morning pls  needsoftheoccupiers”rtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtoh  brave overnighters hats  gloves  handwarmers  hot coffee morning please   needsoftheoccupiersrtelectric socks  mittens; tarps; reg socks; hand warmers; yoga mats; warming stations (cars  nearby apts)  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet

rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtcome  nypd arresting 700 protesters brooklyn bridge  time wisely. bikes safe instead.rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17personal health using web wisely health crisis “the web savvy patient ” book co written cance...rtrtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17personal health using web wisely health crisisrtrtrtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17   p2rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17personal health using web wisely health crisis “the web savvy patient ” book co written cance...rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17come  nypd arresting 700 protesters brooklyn bridge  time wisely. bikes safe instead.rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17rtcome  nypd arresting 700 protesters brooklyn bridge  time wisely. bikes safe instead.rtchoose wisely ;)  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sep17
rtthe daily mail epically failed amanda knox  pix  occupywallstreetjoin october 7th  occupyknoxville  occupywallstreet   tennesseertviewership 3000+ don stop  friends & family watching   occupywallstreet  occupyknoxville  owsrtwelcome aboard chattanooga      occupyclarksvil   occupyknoxville  occupynashville  solidarity  usrevolution  occupywallstreetrtglobal revolution day october 15th   expect  streets rock corporatist world   occupyknoxville  usdorthat happens play sex games. rtknox sexually harassed italian prison official  according letterrtrtphotos wall street protests spread   p2  occupywallstreetooo snap rtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakingthissss rtdeveloping judge amanda knox freedrtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakingamanda knox murder conviction overturned jailed american exchange student amanda knox pleaded freedom ...amanda knox murder conviction overturned ordeal jailed american exchange student t...kercher family stunned knox verdict amanda knox burst tears verdict overturning murder co...amanda knox hit  tsunami  lawyer amanda knox lawyer rhetorical overdrive thursday a...amanda knox arrives italian court 24 knox looked tense entered packed courthouse. she...amanda knox jury deliberates insists innocence jailed american exchange student amanda knox pleaded for...tv networks fight rights interview knox amanda knox biggest news interview ...kercher family stunned knox verdict amanda knox burst tears verdict overturning murder co...knox receives offer porn amanda knox offered job porn industry  tmz reports.between nypd cops  amanda knox  troy davis  beginning bill james system evidence idea.amanda knox trial woman lawyer italian media ruined knox ... corky siemaszko amanda knox aw...

new laws limiting access votersnew laws limiting access votersnew laws limiting access votersrtdespicable legacy gop mtnew laws limiting access voters   tcot  p2rtnew laws limiting access votersnew laws limiting access votersnew laws limiting access votersnew laws limiting access votersrtnew laws limiting access votersrtnew laws limiting access votersrtnew laws limiting access votersnew laws limiting access votersnew laws limiting access votersrtnew laws limiting access votersrtcuz crow jim crow. rtnew laws limiting access votersrtnew laws limiting access voters.you re alone. twitter limiting usage 4 days counting.  solidaritynew laws limiting access voters  ???????? ?????? ? nyt ? ???  ??? 11% ??????????? ?? ????? ?????.????)rtnew laws limiting access votershow fight freedoms lose rtnew laws limiting access voters“new laws limiting access voters  | uh oh. check out. rt
rtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumépublic structures public. bridge? bridge. paid it. built  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetsports times al davis built unique pro football résumésports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...sports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...i gonna shit  occupywallstreet parade remind folks enslaved africans built fucking wallnytimessports sports times al davis built unique pro football résuméoccupywallst  teaparty  china steals america wall st   cheap commie built human suffrage.rtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumésports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...rtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumérteverything founders built  generations struggled & soldiers fought & died   occupywallstreet crowd spits on. shame.  tcotsports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...rtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumértsports times al davis built unique pro football résumécan social movement built table? powerful food?al davis built unique pro football résumé   nytimes.comtom friedman "great inflection" provokes  regrets. corp built "robots" culture? soul?rtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumértthe private detention camps built anticipation occupyamericarip al davis...never him.sports times al davis built unique pro football résumé
rt “twitter shuts reactivates protest accttwitter shuts   reactivates    occupywallstreet supporters account   spam   nydaily news     pcjftwitter shuts reactivates protest acct trouble finding occupy wall street protesters t...rt"twitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting wall st. protesters  spam "twitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting wall st. protesters  spamtwitter shuts reactivates protest accttwitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting ...twitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting wall st. protesters  spam .twitter twitter shuts reactivates protest acctrttwitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting  ows ..twitter shuts reactivates protest acct   twittertwitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting ...twitter twitter shuts reactivates protest acctrttwitter shuts   reactivates    occupywallstreet supporters account   spam   nydaily news     pcjftwitter twitter shuts reactivates protest accttwitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting wall st. protesters  sp..rttwitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting wall st. pr..twitter shuts   reactivates   account fighting wall st. protesters  spamrtrt “twitter shuts reactivates protest accttwitter shuts reactivates protest accttwitter twitter shuts reactivates protest acct   tweezard
rtok ora che abbiamo ricordato  jobs ricordiamoci anche delle persone più importanti questo momento. quelle di  occupywallstok ora che abbiamo ricordato  jobs ricordiamoci anche delle persone più importanti questo momento. quelle di  occupywallst
rtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstkoch bros? :) rtwho paying  nypd arrest peaceful protestors?rtrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp mneedsoftheoccupiers donations vitamins  & requested morning  mult vits adults.  globalrevolutionrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtrtcurrent report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue.  helicopter"current report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue.rtcurrent report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue. helicopterwhy decisions adults difficult   uncertaintyrtkoch bros? :) rtwho paying  nypd arrest peaceful protestors?rtkoch bros? :) rtwho paying  nypd arrest peaceful protestors?rttaxpayers drive bridge? rtwho paying  nypd arrest peaceful protestors?rtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstcurrent report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue.  helicopterit protecting bankers arrest people bridge. arrested  yes?rtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallst
rtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersstate health department  continues throw money window  controller ... kathleen lucadamo stat...rtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiers pleasertoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersbits blog tech talk podcast mail value week podcast value mail  solid stat...   infortoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiers pleasestate health department  continues throw money window  controller ... kathleen lucadamo stat...state health department  continues throw money window  controller ... kathleen lucadamo stat...rtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiers pleasertoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersodenton  md television tv broadcasting companies stations ... television tv broadcasting companies stat...rtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiers
rtincredible   wearethe99percent   rt+50 000 people  libertyplaza ... counting   ourwallstreetrtincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgertincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgertincredible   wearethe99percent   rt+50 000 people  libertyplaza ... counting   ourwallstreetrtincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgertincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgertincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgeincredible speech wall street protester "end fed" 2011    occupywallst   99percentrays incredible win    rays  mlb  tampabay  playoffsrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrtincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgertretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrtleaked data nypd  credible threat comes true    takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  nypd  anonymousrtincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgertretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrtincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgethe usa queues outside soup kitchens incredible $300m day war  afghanistan  stopthewar  occupywallstreetthe chant "all day week. occupy wall street " incredible. herertincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgertsolidarity  occupydc and. met incredible people today. wait supportnext weekend.  owsrtleaked data nypd  credible threat comes true    takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  nypd  anonymous
rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.zero bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rtgop dismantling democracy economy. experts fan club.  occuppywallstreet  usdor0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreethermancain blames class economy. apparently  jesus complex.rtkindly remind nypd lost jobs  pensions  & pay cuts wall st. crashed economy.  occupywallstreetrtrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. n...rtso  700 bankers arrested yesterday destroying economy. time  oh  wait...  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreeti support initiative  occupywallstreet time people control economy.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetzero bankers arrested crashing economy. thousand arrested speaking it.   occupywallstreet 851rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreet

don wrong 2 rtwall street protesters gather nypd headquartersrtnews corp. headquarters   1211 avenue americas  york  ny 10036 8706  usdor  occupywallstreetoccupy  boa headquarters charlotte  nc    occupywallstreet  occupyeverywhere  boasucks  usdor  occupywallstreet ...occupy wall street | september 17th |  occupywallstreet | adbusters culturejammer headquarters  via“wall street protesters gather nypd headquarters:" busy none faithful 2 god   godhatesthemediartwall street protesters gather nypd headquartersrtwall street protesters gather nypd headquartersblog post  occupywallstreet protesters march nypd headquarters (aerial footage)   ows  p2  usdornypd yes  cia officer nyc police headquarters  concerning  no?rtnypd yes  cia officer nyc police headquarters  concerning  no?rtnypd yes  cia officer nyc police headquarters  concerning  no?rtnypd yes  cia officer nyc police headquarters  concerning  no?just accidentally wandered nypd headquarters plaza.  lol  imlostoccupy wall street | september 17th |  occupywallstreet | adbusters culturejammer headquarters  viartmtnews corp. headquarters   1211 avenue americas  york  ny 10036 8706  usdor  occupywallstreetbus fleet halted 95 crash rolling headquarters escapes brooklyn. officials ...rtrtwall street protesters gather nypd headquarters   occupywallstreetrtwall street protesters gather nypd headquartersoccupy wall street | september 17th |  occupywallstreet | adbusters culturejammer headquarters  viartnypd yes  cia officer nyc police headquarters  concerning  no?rtwall street protesters gather nypd headquarters
rt“much police car.  occupywallstreet simple expression anarchy anarchists.”afphqrthotel staff refused help stuck elevatorfinally 911to help. missed meeting won comp  nycmedia stuckhotel elevator emergency phone help staff finally goton cell helprtfirsthand account fromstaffer trapped brooklyn bridge  suspect arrested.  occupywallstreetrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtrttoday major success  march saturday   occupywallst  occupyflagstaffrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrthotel staff refused help stuck elevatorfinally 911to help. missed meeting won comp  nycrtmedia stuckhotel elevator emergency phone help staff finally goton cell helpdadstaff fine looking fellow. quiet intensity love  tloa  wlfthat lovely photograph & dadstaff. don mind   jazz?  wlfrthotel staff refused help stuck elevatorfinally 911to help. missed meeting won comp  nycrtmedia stuckhotel elevator emergency phone help staff finally goton cell helprtrtnew video protesters warned nypd   tcot   occupywallstreet  news  ...rtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetnypd overstaffed  requests budget adjustment. rtpolice protection washington golden calf   owsff(via)rtmedia stuckhotel elevator emergency phone help staff finally goton cell helprtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreet
rt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” / wtf?  insane  singingrtrtrtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreetpakistani politicians reject admiral mullen’s chargesi believe tyrants cell phone jail rtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreetrtwas finally released jail 245am w/ charges disorderly conduct blocking road. thanks trap   nypd.  occupywallstreetrt:serious charges raised discriminatory  nypd activitiesmust wait news story actingrtyes   boa charges 5$ creditcard   senator   system sick. wanna die  jfk?ex cop guns son custody argument cops retired florida cop facing murder charges author...man hits wife facebook status carlsbad  n.m.    texas facing battery charges police he...congressional effort cut debit card charges retailers merely shifted ... congressional rules changing...rtthe charges received  occupywallstreet failure obey  prohibited roadway  blocking trafficrtpakistani politicians reject admiral mullen’s chargesrtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet"the charges received  occupywallstreet failure obey order..." thats authoritarian. toldiran switches charges pastorrtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreetrt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” / wtf?  insane  singingrt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” un fucking realrtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreetwhat else cops. rtcity police officer charges abused (cont)rt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” / wtf?  insane  singing
rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.zero bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rtsad window reality 0 bankers  arrested despite crashing economy; nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreet0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrtrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. n...rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetzero bankers arrested crashing economy. thousand arrested speaking it.   occupywallstreet 851rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrtget truth"0 bankers arrested after/crashing/economy. nearly 1000/arrested/speaking it."  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreet
rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetchase nypd 4.6million dollars. bankers scaredrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtlast january.  rtrtjp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreet //  ows  tfy  p2rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.in period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.from "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtfrom "this looks lot protection racket" department  jp morgan chase nypd 4.5 million dollars.   occupywallstreetrtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.rtin period economic decline  jp morgan chase 3.28 billion dollars...after bailed out.
rtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.rtrtintroducing  nocomment art  art gallery  wallstreet inspired artists th… (cont)rtamazing dozen nypd officers  horses  outside  nocomment exhibit  unable shut down. 23 wall st  owsrtrtwhy name  nocomment? initial media response 2 movement gallery zilch. 2 risky 2 comment?finally   permits   nocommentoccupywallstreet i?nyrtcall artists nocommentart.comrtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.rtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.rtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.rtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.it name ms. magazine page  abt sexist advertising   fyi  nocommentrtnypd rolling ten vans  paddy wagons suvs wall st  nocomment art underway. clue re planning  owsrtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.pics  rtso beautiful  nocomment.  occupywallstreet flood gates protest artrtconfusion btwn nypd  nocomment currator temporary permit issue. unclear able last.  owsrtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.rtcall artists nocommentart.com"introducing  nocomment art & art gallery  wallstreet inspired artists  occupywallstreet movement" cont.rtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.rtcall artists nocommentart.comrtcall artists nocommentart.com
while subject  favorite cc sabathia story eat box captain crunch morningrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination"tigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination  lolrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationsabathia future questionrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationny times bats live analysis yankees tigers  game 5 yankees brought c.c. sabathia pitch ...tigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination justin verlander dominant ...rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationtigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination justin verlander domi...rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationtigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination  / veces se pierde  otras se gana :(rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationtigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination  2  haharttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination

rtows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakertreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakertwall street stole house  shipped jobs  hijacked democracy. time   occupywallstreet  usdor  occupypdxrtows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakertows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakertreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakertows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakertows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakertreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakertreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtour economy bn hijacked  ows finding limit reaching tipping  beyond whc accpt wht happening   usdori believe weren hijacked labor left leaning entitiesrtows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakertows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakereport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtour economy bn hijacked  ows finding limit reaching tipping  beyond whc accpt wht happening   usdorrtlook out. democratic party machinery trying hijack  occupywallstreet republicans fox news hijacked tea party.rtows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fake
rtbernanke  obama  congress increase  economic growth  /i hear  gop saying  fuckyou benrtoccupytogether  occupywallst any1 plans 4 heat sources winter months? begun  cold round cornerrtmiddle east media covering  occupywallstreet media is. american spring; feels winter 2 me.winter death generation hope  occupywallst goes nowhere.rtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtwhat financial meetings jp morgan chase held w/andlast winter & recent gift nypd? rwesafe?rtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtwhat financial meetings jp morgan chase held w/andlast winter & recent gift nypd? rwesafe?rt<> sleeping liberty park  buy warm socks?  occupynycrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtrtif buy  occupywallstreet pizza supplies  ve set fund  occupyrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksi told guys wall street pitchforks.  brave winter... resolve   occupywallstreetrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtrta "movement" isn instantly apparent eventually embrace promote  occupywallstreet  p2 owsrtows lots warm clothes andwinter gear   ows  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtmiddle east media covering  occupywallstreet media is. american spring; feels winter 2 me.rtrtny banks community reinvestment study   occupywallstreet takewallstreet ows finreg
rttwitter blocked  occupywallstreet featured top trending topic homepage.rtnypd  occupywallstreet protesters blocked roads    bahrain arrested occupied manama & hospitalsrtnypd  occupywallstreet protesters blocked roads    bahrain arrested protesters blocking  mana&warheads    usartnypd blocked bridge. re stuck  occupywallst  occupywallstreetwall street protest begins  demonstrators blockedtwitter blocked  occupywallstreet featured top trending topic homepage.i crowd blocked halfway crossing bridge though.rthad 150 marchers 1st ga+philly pd blocked roads  hell yes hometown   occupywallstreet?rtnypd  occupywallstreet protesters blocked roads    bahrain arrested occupied manama & hospitalswall street protest begins  demonstrators blocked   nytimesrtvideo nypd telling protesters arrested blocked brooklyn bridge.  via ny post.  occupywallstemailed friends family  occupybaltimore starting saturday yahoo blocked link occupytogetheris true nypd forced people onto bridge  blocked moving  arrested bridge?rtnypd  occupywallstreet protesters blocked roads    bahrain arrested occupied manama & hospitalswall street protest begins  demonstrators blocked   nytimesrtquestion  teaparty blocked bridge attempted interfere business?  tcot  rnc  gop  occupywallstreet  msmrtrtoccupywallstreet marchers claimed car lanes bklyn bridge. cops blocked  broke  leadin ...mtoccupywallst marchers claimed bklyn bound car lanes bklyn bridge. cops blocked  broke & leading over.and bites dust.  blocked rtyou mean uncle idiot??way kick original  asswipe   blockedhad 150 marchers 1st ga+philly pd blocked roads  hell yes hometown   occupywallstreet?
rtswat team depositors withdrawals~  bankofamerica st. louis   ows  boa  banksters  antisec  usdor  a99  occupyrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetwill fail  protestester money bank funds orgs. protest success = withdraw money banks  de fund enemyrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetfiat withdraw italy leading employersst. louis pd&swat prevented citizens organized withdraw bofa youtube.com/watch?v=db_p0w…  occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  usdorrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtst. louis pd & swat prevented citizens organized withdraw bofa   occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  usdorswat teams st. louis protecting bank america; refusing customer withdrawals   occupywallstreet  nypd  owsrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtst. louis pd & swat prevented citizens organized withdraw bofa   occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  usdorrtswat team depositors withdrawals~  bankofamerica st. louis   ows  boa  banksters  antisec  usdor  a99  occupyrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreettakewallstreet  oct6 withdraw $$$  bankingsystem currently holds $600 cash 4each household  expectusrthas seen/posted letter california ag sent re withdrawing foreclosure gate settlement?rtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreet
rtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtla policía saca por las malas 700 indignados del puente de brooklyn  maderada lo yanqui   takewallstreet  15mrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetla policía saca por las malas 700 indignados del puente de brooklyn [video]   occupywallstreet  eeuu  noticiasrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtla crónica en el york times de la periodista freelancesobre los incidentes del puente brooklynla policía de nueva york detiene 500 indignados por ocupar el puente de brooklyn   15m  occupywallst  acampadasol  nycrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetla nypd esposando llevando detenida una menor en el puente de brooklyn. american revolution? american paranoiartfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtla nypd esposando llevando detenida una menor en el puente de brooklyn. american revolution? american paranoiartfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet  occupywallst recopilación de fotos videos del 1 octubre en el puente de brooklyn    | víartfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtlo del puente de brooklyn (+de 800 arrestos ya según) es lo nos espera después este stand precampañero??  vergüenzafoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoto de la niña arrestada en el puente de brooklyn   vergonzoso nypd      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers islan… (cont)rtapache gunships dispatched wall street  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdayofrage  usdor  ows  ourwallstreetrt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rtrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreetrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge. (via)  occupywallstrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island (cont)rtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rtrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreetrt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rtrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreetrt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rtrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreetrtas 10 paddy wagons 20 prisoners dispatched rikers bridge  occupywallstreetrtrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreetrt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”.reports 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoners  dispatched rikers island bk bridge.  occupywallstreet
rtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtlawrence lessig accuses u.s. congress corruption thecollegian   rootstrikers  usdorthis uniting tired corporate corruption.occupywallstreetrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtlook   occupywallst "library." donate copy culture corruption...rtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorwhats happening world amazing  occupywallstreet  justice  wearethe99%  endcorruptionit bad people using real cause  occupywallst designed  endbankstercorruption platformoccupywallst  occupyallhighspeedrailprojects  stopthecorruptionnow  equalityforallrtthe spirits willing serve public dashed rocks corporate political corruption.  usdorrtoccupywallstreet proud  wallstreet heroes  arresting us??  nypd huge mistake today..expect   sept17  downwithcorruptionrtdefeating  wallstreet  corruption 7%complete ????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartoccupyamerica  occupywallstreet  reclaimamerica  sept17 stay safe  freedomfighters world   downwithcorruptionrtdefine "irony" labor unions joining  occupywallstreet protest low pay  withholding jobs & corruption.  tcot  tlotarabspring style protest mvmt. 99% tolerate greed corruption 1%. nonviolent. nypd wantpakistan media fails cover  occupywallstreet protest corruption& greed "they lose viewers" internal sourcerthey trolling critics  occupywallstreet  create own movement called  isupportcorruptioninbankingcorpsandgovernmentrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtanyone doesn understand  occupywallstreet protests blind corruption participating it.rtlawrence lessig accuses u.s. congress corruption thecollegian   rootstrikers  usdor
i friends american muslim soundsrtcouncilmen grill n.y.p.d leader surveillance muslimsrthelp nypd cut costs policing  occupywallstreet expensive  save money illegally spying muslims?rtnypd eyes muslim leaders close mayor bloomberg & 39;threat potential& 39;rtassociated press terrific story nypd spying muslims  nother sad step post 9.11 marchrtcouncil grill police leader surveillance  muslims  htrtamericans   jobs  lost taxes bailout   occupywallstreet  occupywhitehouse homeless  jobless(lw) exclusive~ muslim day parade  nypd islam  sharia policeassassinating al awlaki counterproductive  american muslim clericnypd spied anti terror muslim leader dined bloombergnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...lawyers seek docs nypd unit eyed muslimsnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim partners nypd intelligence squad secretly assigned undercover officer monitor prominent muslim...rthertz suspended 34 muslim shuttle drivers seattle tacoma international airport   praying company time"most politicians political risk speaking programs singled muslims investig."nypd spied city muslim partners york york police department intelligence squad secretly ass...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners      (ap) ap   reda shata considered partner new...rthamas testify nypd counter terrorism measures rich. muslim brotherhood linked cair testified t...ap impact nypd spied city muslim partners   yahoo  news
rtrtrtcnn set shop trinity  directly zuccotti park  occupwallstreetrtows  occupywallstreet video americans planned "occupys" 500 cities nation >>rtmtoccupywallstreet. text (347) 260.1421 messages projected building street protesters see.rtraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetrtreuters protests born wall street spreading   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  99percent  usdorrtrtcnn set shop trinity  directly zuccotti park  occupywallstreetrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtwlf rtis barking howling help twitter; losing car; look re… (cont)rtraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet slowly spreads  usa.  occupytogether  usdor.  corporategreed. listen  99%rtall protesters country basic    food  water  shelter    followto help  usdor rtrtthe mcdonalds  libertyplaza cops protesters hang out. opportun...rtthe mcdonalds  libertyplaza cops protesters hang out. opportun...rtrttoday noon  clergy invited nyc meet washington sq judson church...rtraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetrtprotesters brooklyn bridge held crossing lanes. wall st picks pockets  goes scot free   occupywallstreetraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street movement receiving mail supplies supporters u.s.   new...   occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street spreads u.s. nypd protests cost $2m overtime.   cheatsheetrtarrests follow wall street protest brooklyn bridge  (nbc)  takewallstreetrtthat beauty revolution. crosses party lines.these fundamental issues  dealt with.

rtwow. shocking  unions  occupywallstreet suddenly violent.  coincidence?rtlabor unions join fray  occupywallstreet    nypd forced pepper spray.rtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchbyebye bank america. hello credit unions  ourwallstreet  occupychi  occupywallstreetoccupywallst   unions join  protests [ video]      ourwallstreet newyork oklahoma egypt chicago ny nj uk europe worldrtrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.rtunions rally wall street occupation  |  p2  1u  union  occupywallstreet  unions  topprog  tlot  occupywallst  owsrtthey tell blame teacher  public worker  unions. you. don question rich.  occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsrtprotests started & organized & joined unions millions members.  usdor  articlev applies too.rtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchoccupywallstreet nyc march close 15 000  abc news.unions join. students walk out. statement "declared."  occupytogether  usdorsmart tweet. talk unions & pba...smart talk.  takewallstreetrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrtoccupy wall street  calls college campus walkout; labor unions expected join ny marchrttwu president samuelsen countdown keith olbermann local 100 joining  occupywallstreet   unions
chris christie <b>weight</b> sized amid talk jersey gov potential <b>...</b>bikenyc wear helmet  mtsevere storm warning issued nyc   quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtrta severe storm warning issued nyc   quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtof course happens day wearing alaia heels :i rtsevere storm warning issued quarter sized hail/60 mph windsrta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtnot travel sized shampoos ve snagged  hotel stays?  idea...rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.severe storm warning issued 4 nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph windstexas sized sex scandal fraternityrta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtrta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized (cont)melissa mccarthy launching plus sized clothing line;  damn near ... finding fashion size  ...rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds. << nicenot travel sized shampoos ve snagged  hotel stays?  idea...texas sized sex scandal fraternity university texas  kappa alpha fraternity accused lawsuit hirin...rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.a worthy cause 1 travel sized shampoo bottle $50 million charity flight attendantrt “a severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.
rtthe daily mail epically failed amanda knox  pix  occupywallstreet¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo    vamosacambiarelmundorton wednesday  moveon.org organize huge  online  occupywallst. ll tweeting links. infoooo snap rtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakingthissss rtdeveloping judge amanda knox freedrtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breaking¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  real democracy   firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyoamanda knox murder conviction overturned jailed american exchange student amanda knox pleaded freedom ...amanda knox murder conviction overturned ordeal jailed american exchange student t...kercher family stunned knox verdict amanda knox burst tears verdict overturning murder co...amanda knox hit  tsunami  lawyer amanda knox lawyer rhetorical overdrive thursday a...amanda knox arrives italian court 24 knox looked tense entered packed courthouse. she...amanda knox jury deliberates insists innocence jailed american exchange student amanda knox pleaded for...tv networks fight rights interview knox amanda knox biggest news interview ...kercher family stunned knox verdict amanda knox burst tears verdict overturning murder co...knox receives offer porn amanda knox offered job porn industry  tmz reports.
rtus navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge  <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <>rt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrtus navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge  <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <>rt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrtfrom  hpd classy  nypd pepper spray baton strikes  occupyhoustonrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakwe luxury tax applied  expensive classy articles.   occupywallstreetstay classy  gary.  rttcu coach gary patterson goes smurt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<> navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakus navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge   occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd   youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrtus navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge  <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <>las vegas  version  occupywallst movementrt"a class war classy warriors"  mosdefrtus navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge  <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <>rt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrtfrom  hpd classy  nypd pepper spray baton strikes  occupyhoustonrtkeep classy  wall st.   occupywallstreet
rtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorrtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorrtcivic space. press. elections. fundamental institutions  democratic society belong serve people.  usdorrtcivic space. press. elections. ll taking trad media selling body wash & bloodshed  .   usdorrtcivic space. press. elections. ll taking trad media selling body wash & bloodshed  .   usdorrtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorrtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorrtlooks net generation starting political voice meatspace.     occupywallstreetrtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorseveral hundred fri. re planning moving larger space.  occupybostonrtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorrtcivic space. press. elections. fundamental institutions  democratic society belong serve people.  usdorrtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorrtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorrtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorrtcivic space. press. elections. fundamental institutions  democratic society belong serve people.  usdorrtcivic space. press. elections. fundamental institutions  democratic society belong serve people.  usdorrtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorsorry liz  busy updating status myspace. queef  i`ll soon. xxxandreaurbanfox  ukuncut  edldowntown pop space brings taste austria nyc annie reuter york (cbsnewyork) — downtown space...occupywallst "created buffer  carved space able before. job fill space."
rtthe world watching     front page decent coverage.rtthe world watching     front page decent coverage.rtthe world watching     front page decent coverage.rtgreed price requires decent & respectable shameless  desperate & corrupt.  ows  usdor  gop  tcotrtthe world watching     front page decent coverage.rtthe world watching     front page decent coverage.rtthe world watching     front page decent coverage.rtthe world watching     front page decent coverage.rtliberalism = crapping cop car demanding free money decent  hard people.   occupywallst  caring  tcot  prog  p2in country doesnt up??? world watching    front page decent coverage.time american dream die. filthy rich decent life.  occupywallstreetrtthe world watching     front page decent coverage.the world watching     front page decent coverage.my sense  occupywallst result decent entry level jobs available. well.rtthe world watching     front page decent coverage.rtthe world watching     front page decent coverage.rtthe world watching     front page decent coverage.rtoccupywallstreet picking decent support unions past days. yesterday (cont)rtthe world watching     front page decent coverage.rtnow richest 1 percent rest corner — corner health care  decent wages jobs  ourwallstreetplease encourageto centralize stay decentralized  occupywallstreet  ows
rtgreat video   renaissance people   occupywallstreetrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyoccupywallst peace light asfodelia  viaa tech war slights centuries monarchy “war room” technicians weeds sites deemed...you car batteries & car cig lighter auto store location energy supply.  occupywallst  occupyyourcity 99%rtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrtthe paper record? unbelievable. time sharpen pitchforks light torches. now.rtnyc calling me. tempting me. grabbing shirt purchase flight  cover  occupywallstreet  bailmoneygood picture  poor commissioner cassano light & blur face.our pain holds seed strength darkness pain allowed seed sprout light growrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyspotlighted al jazeera   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrt*sigh* mthighlights substantial rewrite lede inarticle arrests*rolls eyes* rtjust spotted  nypd counter terrorism here. light (cont)rtinstalling solar lights medical  comfort media. right.  occupywallstreetrtdear  nypd officers flashing lights park. kindly  re trying 2 sleep.  occupywallstreetrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtgreat video   renaissance people   occupywallstreet
send nypd yesterday...i ball busted nypd time  feel good...and lmaortgood night....and balls.  occupywallstrtrtwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamericartwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamericafistpump rtrtwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamericartrtwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamericartrtwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamericathe city sleeps wake up...and fight power  occupywallstreetrtwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamericartrtwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamericaamazing   rtrtwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamericartrtwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamericajpmorgan "donated" 4.6 mil 2 nypd. outright bribe. doubt mind...and slap justifiable protests.rtrtwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamericartrtwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamericanypd  servile goons powers b.....and truth  police cities do"we occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamerica"~america   :)kill corporate producers occupy streets...and stuff.  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet (and don stop...and hi former co workers re ?)rtrtwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamericaows  occupykcrtwe occupied 80 cities   ...and counting   ourwallst  occupytogether  occupyamerica
rtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedarticle  progressive pallor pointless parade   ..  occupywallst . usdorrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrt “will msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor united
with time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsyankees alds hole 5 4 loss tigers a.j.  now. yankees managed to...rtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsrtif called  process managed entrenched interests. wedge amendments.  usdorrtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsthemanaged shift pov onarrests 20 minuteswith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsrtthemanaged shift pov onarrests 20 minutesrtthemanaged shift pov onarrests 20 minutesrtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsrtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellswith time running short  steve jobs managed farewells steve jobs spent final weeks — spent m...rtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellswith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsrtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellswith time running short  steve jobs managed farewells steve jobs spent final weeks — spent m...rtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsthis choked  wow? rtwith time running short  steve jobs managed farewellsthemanaged shift pov onarrests 20 minutesisad time running short  steve jobs managed farewellswith time running short  steve jobs managed farewells
rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rtwe record stream protest protect ourselves media lies.rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?this news propaganda plain simple. honest yourselves oncertwe record stream protest protect ourselves media lies.rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?we live ourselves.  thousand fibers connect fellow men.  ~herman melville  occupywallstreetrttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi day. day commit ourselves  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?mtasking ourselves country live private park public parks   owsrttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rtwe record stream protest protect ourselves media lies.rtwe record stream protest protect ourselves media lies.when treat grown children violent response matter time. bring yourselves   ows  takewallstreet.rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?lol  trying defend yourselves? shameful  helping peoplertrtneedsoftheoccupierssupport yourselves  stand own feet

rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…nytimes céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier + yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamo...fashion fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji y...
rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupierssolar panels retarded rtnot joke. rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall  solyndra  spare few. oh wait... rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiers   tcotsolyndra extras   rtnot joke. rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersyortcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtnot joke. rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersoccupywallstreet  owsrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtnot joke. rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiers“not joke. rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiers” former solyndra techs?rtnot joke. rtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan solar panels  installers?  needsoftheoccupiers
rtnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupyrtnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupyrta somewhat determinist provocative look technology changing humanrtoccupywallstreet becoming movement changing foundation global economic system  owsrevolution marathon  sprint. heart. rest. wake up. going. re changing world.  occupywallstreet  owsthe rules changing... howtomakeitinamerica please bear reset programs adjust country.  occupywallstrtfeedingows stay  people caring people  changing worldrtmy report forthe changing narrative  occupywallstreet mass arrests   ows  takewallstreet  p2rtoccupywallstreet  usdor  anonymous please crazy "the york times changin " ericallenbell.orgmsnbc tells  tides changing     enoughisenough  occupywallst *corporate media police truth?*  wtfrtcause times  changin .  occupywallstreet  ows  antibanks  usdor  takewallstreet  lovertfeedingows stay  people caring people  changing worldrtmy report forthe changing narrative  occupywallstreet mass arrests   ows  takewallstreet  p2rti humorous  ows changing hashtags.  usdayofrage  usdor  occupywallstreet. hey occupy hashtag.rtnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupyrtnytimes changing story protect people power & undermine  occupyrtrtwow rtnytimes changing story protect people power & undermine...rtwow rtnytimes changing story protect people power & undermine  occupyrtnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupycongressional effort cut debit card charges retailers merely shifted ... congressional rules changing...rtwow rtnytimes changing story protect people power & undermine  occupy
rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.mainstreammedia bought paid entity system.zeitgeist  resourcebasedeconomythis john kennedy killed  create debt free monetary system. people run ..."on october 1st  2011  nypd arrested 400 citizens protesting peacefully bankrupt financial system."rton october 1st  2011  nypd arrested 400 citizens protesting peacefully bankrupt financial system.“nypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtthis wasnt strike threat  wasn union protest   america calling fair & economic system.  ows  occupywallstreetrton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.some paulo freir "banking"system...  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrton october 1st  2011  nypd arrested 400 citizens protesting peacefully bankrupt financial system.rton october 1st  2011  nypd arrested 400 citizens protesting peacefully bankrupt financial system.rton october 1st  2011  nypd arrested 400 citizens protesting peacefully bankrupt financial system.rtdemand institute universal single payer healthcare system.   occupywallstreetrtvideo michael moore  occupywallst. inspiring speech  ingenious crowd microphone system.rton october 5/2011  nypd officer brutally beat protesters standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtthis wasnt strike threat  wasn union protest   america calling fair & economic system.  ows  occupywallstreet
rtsince  occupywallstreet  activists live streamed video million unique viewers october 1.rtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumésports times al davis built unique pro football résumértwhat hashtag ppl bring supplies friday?  occupy  ( needsoftheoccupiers nyc). unique mnsports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...sports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...i understand social reaction. global support unique goal.nytimessports sports times al davis built unique pro football résuméon street museum staffers unique fall styles   bknews  fortgreene  fashionon street museum staffers unique fall styles>>check cousin laurenrtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumésports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...rtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumésports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...chic & unique eco appliqué occupy revolutionoccupywallstrtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumértsports times al davis built unique pro football résuméleyland unique panorama dugout stepsal davis built unique pro football résumé   nytimes.comrtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumérip al davis...never him.sports times al davis built unique pro football résumé
rtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplepigrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplemoronic?an  occupywallst pic worth 1k words dwn w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapplertmy  rtoccupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops phones&snapplertoccupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops phones&snapple    tcotrtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snapple
rthopegot yougroped/change $$changed hands tohis.  marxist  occupywallstreet  stupid  liberal  sgp  p2  ocra  sotrthopegot ugroped/change $changedfrom yr hand 2his  marxist  occupywallstreet  stupid  liberal  sgp  p2  sotnews changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering a...i cop  72  mace/nightstick anti war target earlier. (cue mitchell) world changed. nypd co geezers haven t.rtwow  look nyt changed story  occupywallstreetrthuh. 20 min posting  thesignificantly changed brooklyn bridge arrest story.  occupywallstreetrthuh. 20 min posting  thesignificantly changed brooklyn bridge arrest story.  occupywallstreeta changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...a changed n.h.l. guards shots head   ahc  asianhockeyrtjust chat w/ tea partier changed mind action listnews changed n.h.l. guards shots headrtwe changed twitter handle fromtortmtconfirmed rally location changed foley square 2day.  meet 3pm  march 4:30pm.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetjust bad luck nypd  plus lapd recent bad press protest changed policy learned ny  occupylartphoto changed news report nyt minimizing police role   oct6  occupywallstreet  occupwallst  usdora changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering janua...rttag changerequests  occupywallstreet changed shorter  ows   ows_place  deets    p2a changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering ...take apathy shove it. time change. arab spring changed world  turn.  occupywallst  occupysfrtfarewell  steve jobs apple products changed life?  viadtn usa changed n.h.l. guards shots head pittsburgh star sidney crosby  recovering fro...
rtnypd fbi  trying infiltrate ows protest discredit it? buzzflash.org   occupywallstreet  occupyvancouver  owsrt    nypd & fbi trying infiltrate  occupywallstreet protest discredit  | buzzflashnypd / fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discreditand  people try exactly vain attempt discredit you. sad.rtthe nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discreditrtnypd fbi  trying infiltrate ows protest discredit it? buzzflash.org   occupywallstreet  occupyvancouver  owsthe nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discredit | buzzflash.orgrtthe nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discredit    mark karlin1st discredit tactic  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet rumor protester violence; rumor hacking; neither true.planting hacker agent provocateurs online variant fud tactics discredit  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreetrtthe nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discredit | buzzflash.orgthe nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discredit | buzzflash.orgrtthe nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discreditoccupywallst ignore  discredit them. discredit  criminalize them. ve seen before.the nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discredit | buzzflash.organd  people try exactly vain attempt discredit you. sad.   zh cnrtthe nypd fbi trying infilitrate wall street protest discredit surertthe nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discreditagain   nypd 2 provoke protesters 2 react violently 2 discredit  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet marchers.  peacethe nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discredit  ...rtthe nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discredit
tax pledges lose allure eyes reform hundreds republicans signed  including six the...deal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...tech deal sites fading allure  merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...deal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...rtdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants   june  groupon preparing public valuation ...tax pledges lose allure eyes reformdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...deal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...tax pledges lose allure eyes reform pledges  marriage vows  carry weight ...rtyeah  remember daily deals? rtdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants  viawho didn coming? rtdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...deal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...rtdeal sites fading allure merchants
rtnyc assembly exposed communist agenda  presstorm.com/blog/2011/10/0…  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  tcotrtto declare movement socialist needlessly limit themselvesinexpensive chicago irene’s wake  developments dry enough? storm revealed uncomfort...rtimpact livestreams prep revolution  blackflagmilitia  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  presstorm  oppulsemay suggest    opchokepoint?   ourwallstreet  ows  opesr;)))rtows.rt//// b&  provocateur//// ~  opesr  giabo  ourwallstreet  a99  opshield  opshadowrtrtchance 4 quarter size hail powerful thunderstorms midnight. safe everyonertthe ground completely saturated massive storm blew night.  oc...rtthe direct action tent collapsed night major storm.  occupyboston  occupywallstreetrtwas arrested 2nd time storming  brooklynbridge  occupywallstreet yesterday. 24 girls 6x8 cell.rtarticle   occupywallstreet assembly directly attacks constitution  presstorm  takewallstreetrtoccupy wall street protests police arrests  pepper spray activists storm barricade    occupywallstreetin irene’s wake  developments dry enough?   fog shrouded lower manhattan tropical storm irene bl...rt question "why  occupywallstreet ?" htw re brainstorming follow details““severe thunderstorm warning60+ mph winds  (cont)rttrue authority questioned w/out reprise. false authority squeal bloody murder fear   censor.on  occupywallstreet  presstorm journalism & bullying     usdorrtalert strong cell thunderstorms located jersey moving northeast towards  occupywallstnyc. 15 20 minutes.rtoccupywallstreet assembly direct attack constitution?  viaon | presstorm|  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet re election obama totalitarian government?rtrtsevere thunderstorm warning60+ mph winds  hail reported yonkers


rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.zero bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rtsad window reality 0 bankers  arrested despite crashing economy; nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreet0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrtformer president speaks population. sais nearly 2.5 mln  libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  rally  opposition  armeniany giants  victor cruz nearly ball  eli manning td hakeem ... cruz catch  ...ny giants  victor cruz nearly ball  eli manning td hakeem ... wasn  arizona cornerb...rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetgiants nearly  beat cards 31 27 entire game giants rediscover m...nearly half republicans don  gop  means nearly half grand party don kn...rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.a concert  nearly canceled  rising star afloatrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrtrtarrests begun.  nypd whiteshirt nearly knocked (cont)
rtcontact york central booking 212 374 3838 regarding bk bridge arrests. retweet.  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetheard 79th precinct   bbridge  bkyn jurisdiction. bkln central booking worst place.rtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrtreporter cuffed waiting van believes headed central booking  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtcontact york central booking 212 374 3838 regarding bk bridge arrests. retweet.  occupywallstreetrtrtreporter cuffed waiting van believes headed central booking  occupywallstreetoccupy central booking.  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreet“times freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreet”rtcontact york central booking 212 374 3838 regarding bk bridge arrests. retweet.  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreet
rta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing.  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing.  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrtheyrt  "ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether""rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rtny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreetrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrtmichael j. drake  planetary scientist  dies 65. dr. drake remained devoted idea end:...the participators "voted" hands  occupyhonolulu assembly meeting  occupywallstreetrt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogetherrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   99% informed involvedny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   99% protest protest. involvedmassive union voted wall street protesters  yes growing. scared yet?  usdorrt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"scots  mps majority  voted fr you* leave quietly* forgive* forget  occupyscotland  antisecrtnew york transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet.    stay strong
rtnolesvotes  15m  15o  worldrevolution  ows virtual march wallstreet wednesday support  occupywallstreetrthere  200 000 transport workers union votes support occupy wall streetrtobama told reporters undergo 10 circumcisions thats takes jews money jews votes  usdorrt"this country...has party money party" dan clawson dollars votes (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetnews alert germany votes expand euro bailout fund  |  nytrtgermany votes expand euro bailout fundrtnolesvotes  15m  15o  worldrevolution  occupywallstreet indignaden los ángeles  boston  chicagogermany votes expand euro bailout fundrt200 000 labor union votes support  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreetrt700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.rthello october   globalchange begins today.  15o  15m  nolesvotes  marchabruselas  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.rttransport workers union votes unanimously support  occupywallstreetrttransport workers union votes unanimously support  occupywallstreetrt700 arrested   occupywallst today. votes decided gore bush 2000 presidential election.rtkind deal  nyc transport workers union votes support  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet  solidarityrtkind deal  nyc transport workers union votes support  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet  solidaritylobbying doesn work; votes do. gop passed bills 2 close corporate loopholes & 2 create job. reid (d) blocks.politicalrtnolesvotes  15m  15o  worldrevolution  occupywallstreet  ows plataformas indignadusart"this country...has party money party" dan clawson dollars votes (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtrttransport workers union votes unanimously support occupy wall street   occupywallst  ows  usdor  p2
can post link donation page?needsoftheoccupiersrtthe story jp morgan chase $4.6 million donation nypd june 2011  occupywallstreetrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrti guess jamie dimon 4.6 million "donation" nypd 500 arrests law abusing citizensrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyi told chase bank 4.6 million donation nypd package deal police laptop computerrtrt rtnow address donations  occupydenver 1550 larimer st. box 224 denver  co 80202rtwe donations  occupysf. bodies  needsoftheoccupiersrtplease note legit website foris "www.occuopychi.org" news & donations  re tweet  tyrtfor tweeting jp morgan donation  nypd please consider june article  factsrtgoldman sachs 2008 campaign donation  75% dem   25% gop   tcot  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tcot  p2rt goldmansachs 2008 campaign donation  75% dem   25% gop   tcot  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tcot  p2rt goldmansachs 2008 campaign donation  75% dem   25% gop   tcot  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tcot  p2rtneedsoftheoccupiers medical supplies  donations food  people change world.  occupywallst  occupysj  occupytogetherrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrtoccupywallstreet business suits donations  lot suits  sizes plz rtgoldman sachs 2008 campaign donation  75% dem   25% gop   tcot  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tcot  p2marching nypd office? share stories please  istaking donations??rtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrtrt   needsofphillyoccupiers send donations pobox 1229chestnut pmb248 phila pa 19107 dropoff broad&jfk  occupyphillyoccupyla  needsoftheoccupiers baby wipes  mouthwash  blankets  water.  modest donation makes difference
rtrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdorrtrttwitter poll;  peoplesmic unified? // amazingrtusccgac heard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtomg... rtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  sep17  usdor  owsrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdorrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  ows“here  occupiers set own  occupywallstreet  sep17”  occupytipsrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food… (cont)rtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtrttwitter poll;  peoplesmic unified? // amazing   people itrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreetrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrthere  occupiers set own  occupywallstreet  sep17rtpeoplesmic people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.  occupywallstreet
alex rodriguez awful alds vs. tigers makes huge contract ... worst yankees  ...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerequating tigers  occupywallstreet morons yankees corporate fatcats?   thatsafacebookblockinrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openernova  cano tame tigers game 1 rout ivan nova tabbed no. 2 yankees  rotation...yanks rally 9th  fall short 5 3 game 2 alds affair. tigers evened ser...yankees alds hole 5 4 loss tigers a.j.  now. yankees managed to...“yankees beat tigers 10 1 game 4  right. bitches.rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination"tigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination  lolrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationcano powers yankees nova quiets tigers   york timesrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove ...  nytrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerdid tigers base? dan rosenheck 6:48 pm | updated ryan raburn useful sp...rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination

we 99%  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  antibanks   ows  tws  dayofrage  tahrir|aj| |video|  activists wall street      takewallstreet america tahrir uk europe jan25kanada eu????? ????? ??????? ?  ?? ??????? ??????? ??? ????????? ??? ?????     egypt tahrir ourwallstreet uk lebanon algeria q8demonstrators march york police hq       egypt tahrir uk europe occupywallstreet ourwallstreet usdor dw gcc uswallstreet protests spread cities      newyork ny nyc ourwallstreet tahrir europe occupywallstreet nj dc ac la|bbc|   video wall st  protest march police     tahrir occupywallstreet ourwallstreet america ny nyc europe uk dc nj~•????????????•~             ourwallstreet wallstreet tahrirrt  occupywallst   amazing photos  mainstream media ignoring  coz affect   ny  tahriregypt  usa  tahrir  occupywallstreet  thenation tahrir usa ??????? ?? ?????????????????? ?? ?????? ???? ??? ?????? ??? ???? ???? ???? ????   egypt  tahrir  ksa  nakba  noscaf  syria  yemen  tunisia  usdor“nick kristof expands comparison  occupywallstreet tahrir squarenow straight  tahrirmtcome& haircut barber  gotta look  revolutionrtsimilarities “occupy wall street” ny & arab spring movement tahrir square cairo byrthey  occupywallstreet  people tahrir square risking lives  re risking getting chills. common.rtoccupywallstreet  ows  “this absolutely inspired  tahrir square   arabspring movement”   jan25  egyptoccupywallstreet  tahrir style revolution; egyptian military government  too?  tcot  tlotrtthere infiltrators & lay blame you. solution syncing movement  tahrirrtlike tahrir  rtif  occupywallst  occupywallstreet computer  charg… (cont)rtlet forget started w/ arab spring  tahrir | .people getting organized world   occupyearthnice aje read re  occupywallstreet call  times square tahrir sq   vivalarevolutionrtit 3/4 seeing beginning america  tahrir
rtlawrence lessig accuses u.s. congress corruption thecollegian   rootstrikers  usdorrt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" viausdor  rootstrikers  ocupywallstreetrt.twitter profile & site < $75/month.  selling lies  tyranny  torture american ppl expensive.  usdor  rootstrikersrtnypd buses rikers set afternoon ready thert.bahrain systematic attacks medical providers | human rights watch   rootstrikers  usdorrtlawrence lessig accuses u.s. congress corruption thecollegian   rootstrikers  usdorrt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" vusdor  rootstrikers  occupywallstreetrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers islan… (cont)rtoccupywallstreet start own newspaper. help   via/rootstrikers  getmoneyout  usdorrt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rtrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreetrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge. (via)  occupywallstrt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" vusdor  rootstrikers  occupywallstreetrtcapitol hill stepping stone life lobbyist.  ccusdor  rootstrikers  occupykstrt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" vusdor  rootstrikers  occupywallstreetrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island (cont)rt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" vusdor  rootstrikers  occupywallstreetrt.bahrain systematic attacks medical providers | human rights watch   rootstrikers  usdorrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet
rtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorrtyou love iphone. literally.   apple  iphone  mktg  brandrtgotta hand tofor one. awesome pic   occupywallstreet  sep17“steve jobs children "it’s 10 000 times i’ve done.”...warning nypd. 99% weareasone.the brutality forgiven  forgottenoh yeah?? bill buckner strikes  .can blame buckner one.was aware now. straight everyone.   occupysd  occupywallstrt90%  oct6 music gone. calling it. revolution  ...rta  policestate shouldn monitor one. shut down. rtcouncilman  nyc c...rtgotta hand tofor one. awesome pic   occupywallstreet  sep17nyt chart "tracking europe debt crisis:"  economic & policy developments euro zone.  euromessrtmust photos rtgotta hand tofor one. awesome pic bit.ly/q0jbgz  occupywallstreet  sep17you love iphone. literally.   nytimes.com   inrthave noticed rush call  ourwallstreet socialist   soundbite defeat anyone. calling wall street = socialist?rthere jim delany blog madison. 5 realignment done. (ugh).rtyou dreamer  one.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtupdate white shirts beat someone. video  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtfor  ows reassertion ppl ownership civic space aren done.  internet civic space.  ours too.  usdorrtthe independence government comes dependence people alone.  federalist 52  usdorlupica francona  money  sox   york daily news york daily newslupica francona  mone...rthere picture mobile nypd watchtower. called "skywatch" one.
i run internet radio www.tdrn.net broadcasting special occupy wall st movement tonightrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrthere s(in green cap) broadcasting with(remotely) onfrom  occupywallst    tunertoccupywallstreet protesters broadcasting inside paddy wagon   viarti broadcasting "occupy philadelphia" live on. watch chat     (5:39pm)rttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorraissman fox move francona stinks despite lack broadcasting experience fox sports throws former boston...seems folks occupy wall street broadcasting home nypd members................not cool.
rtrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?rtrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?rtrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?rtrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?rtwas einstein wrong?rtrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?rtrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?"oh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?"rtrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?are  occupywallstreet protesters wrong? isn privatisatization growth?    ows  usdor  economyrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?rtrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?is time travel possible? einstein gonna proved wrong? spped light slow?????rtoccupywallstreet hmm  supporting movement demands kept surprise gains power  wrong? o_0rtrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?rtrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?““rtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?””was einstein wrong?i believe meeting oct 10 6pm. am wrong? please clarifyrtrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?   zh cnrtrtoh  nypd investigate nypd. wrong?
rtoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetrtoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetrtoccupywallstreet bigger everday  tomorrow  occupytheplanetrtoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetrtoccupytheplanet message  anonymous (nlsubs)   occupywallstreet  usdor  occupy  occupylsertoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetrtpowerful message derrick jensen >  <  occupywallst  occupytheplanet  ourwallstreet  occupyla < listen.learn.winrtno hijacks  occupywallstreet org. celebrity  politician .  ows people  occupywallst  occupytheplanet  ourwallstreet ours rtrtoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetrtoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetrtoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetrtoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetrtno org. celebrity  politician  hijacks  ows people  occupywallst  occupytheplanet  ourwallstreet  ourwallstreet ours. rtrtworld  welcomeoccupywallstreetourwallstreet  occupytogether  occupytheplanet  cdnpoli  occupycanadartoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetrtoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetrtget win retweet pls derrick jensen >  <  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanet  ourwallstreet  ows  takewallstreetrtoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetrtoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanetrtoccupychicago chanting occupy planet   expect   usdor  anonymous  occupychi  occupywallstreet  occupytheplanet
rtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet
rtas west celebrates awlaki’s death  mideast shrugsawlaki strike u.s. shift drones terror fight    fly.. bird. bombrtin exclusive op ed forron paul argues al awlaki killing unconstitutionalrtwill talk al awlaki killing onat 11:30am andat 12pm.unconstitutional killing obama killing awlaki violates american principle.rtmy op ed awlaki assassination york timesassassinating al awlaki counterproductive  american muslim clerican unconstitutional killing obama killing awlaki violates american principlespiece role awlaki campaign al qaeda leadership.ronpaul highlights  consequences "assassination"of  anwaralawlakimtin exclusive op ed forron paul argues al awlaki killing unconstitutionalrtnytimes secret legal memo door killing american born anwar al awlaki yemenplease read   > unconstitutional killing obama killing awlaki violates american principlesrta nice piece written ron paul york daily news concerning anwar awlaki.rtnytimes secret legal memo door killing american born anwar al awlaki yemennytimes????????????????????????al   awlaki???.comments mideast reactions death islamist  alqaeda cleric  al awlaki  yemen .atsecret memo argued al awlaki murderrtsecret memo wh rationale/justification killing citizen & radical cleric anwar al awlakian unconstitutional killing obama killing awlaki violates american principlesron paul unconstitutional killing obama killing awlaki violates american principles
rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrangers 4  rays 3 2011 a.l.d.s. rangers eliminate rays beltre hits 3 home runs adrian beltre hit hom...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove ...  nytrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerny times yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drov...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtbats live analysis yankees tigers  a.l.d.s. game 1rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six ...yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six ...yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six o...yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six ...yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener   nyc
how times gorge bush compared helter. didn seen reaction press all.nypd bunch bitches too.. yeah it.. fuck yall..rtrtstunning pics  all.   occupywallstreet  ows  sep17rtows <    1stal use.  occupywallstreet <   stop using. all.the majority nypd look dismayed confused crowd them.  ows don vilify all.rtoffice workers lunch break drop assembly meeting.  occupyboston  occupywall...rtvery disappointed behavior nypd members. cool  cool all. shameful. shameful   youtubethe reactions generations towards  occupywallstreet   occupytheus realized re all. 1/2i idea all. lobbyist limited influence dc. problemstock exchanges world cause poverty...close all. close speculative trading.raissman  joe  throwing bombs  according radio moles  representative call...rtrtstunning pics  all.   occupywallstreet  ows  sep17rtrock rt"hard compiling uploading video 4 all. hang tight   occupywallstreet  sep17"rtrotten  thieving corporation pays  nypd protection peaceful protesters? optics  all.  occupyamerica500 arrests expected   actually bridge firsthand. maybe  occupywallst juice all.absolutely chilling.  forget finest america heroes. workwww.thebrooklynwall.orgrt40k rising. thx 4 following  all.  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  antibanksuse tor =>  video install.god bless all......you truly amazingrtmy favorite  occupywallstreet demand  11. "debt forgiveness all...debt entire planet period."in solidarity w/  occupywallst nyc  protesters set camp la city hall. video  occupyla
ooo snap rtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakingrtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakingamanda knox murder conviction overturned jailed american exchange student amanda knox pleaded freedom ...amanda knox murder conviction overturned ordeal jailed american exchange student t...killer wife acquitted murder  winners  queens woman beat murder conviction for...troydavis rtrtitalian appeals court thrown murder conviction amanda knoxkiller wife acquitted murder  winners  queens woman beat murder conviction for...rtamanda knox murder conviction overturned; woman held italy freed immediatelyrtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breaking???rtrtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakingwow  rtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakinggov cuomo  democrat shut indian pt nuke plant & agree 100%.conviction party.amanda knox arrives seattle day italian court overturns murder conviction   york daily newsrtrtamanda knox murder conviction overturned; court freed immediatelyrtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakingamanda knox murder conviction overturned ordeal jailed american exchange student t...he french bloke avoid conviction benign legal process  admit crime...  contemptiblertjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakingrtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakingrtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakingrtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breaking
rt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstopen forums speak  music  kitchen  policy drafting  computer stations  petitions. sound unorganized?  occupywallstreetrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrtforums "occupy" ga discussions  events talk plan solidarity   occupywallst  owsrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrtj.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreetrtforums "occupy" ga discussions  events talk plan solidarity   occupywallst  owsrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallsti participating forums hate  help  us. faux news  wsj  cantor  palin.  ows  ourwallstreet  occupywallstrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrtj.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreetrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrtforums "occupy" ga discussions  events talk plan solidarity   occupywallst  owsrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallst
goodnight dear  lot wrong nypd  film footage correct. alot zoom lensrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtalot folks 4but roseanne 1st 2 ass line 4  anonymous  99% tyrtalot folks 4but roseanne 1st 2 ass line 4  anonymous  99% tyrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherwatched alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherbloomberg ows "out destroy york jobs" corrupt. guess mean alot nyc jobsrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getheroccupywallst. looking alot arab spring. try peaceful ppl  bad happen  trustrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtrtgood mornin allwe alot dedication determinationthank  anonymous 4 moxieoccupywallstreet cuffs tight. clowns cost nyc alot overtime payout.so positive people world.there alot corruption beautiful people fighting it. occupywallsto motivo de ver charlie angels  kkkkrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtattackwatch  occupywallstreet msg folks pay income taxes rich folk pay alot  mao  p1  p2  p21  cspj  tcotrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2gether
nypd 2 investigate pepper spraying protest | nbc wktv news channel 2   utica news  weather  sports   | national newsthe lupica ian lupica headlines rtlupica love hate  davis raiderrtjarring stat thiscolumn yanks owe rod $143 million 2017 (when ll 42)rtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumérehydrate coconut water   health  exercise  sportsdrink  sodiumrtnfl  sports fifth remembering pete gent  wrote  north dallas forty  pete g...after watchingmorning sports  yaknees taking care business  redsox sh*t load shame lmaolmaooo rta.j. ready prove doubters wrongrtcuban passports.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  tcot  p2sports times al davis built unique pro football résumértorioles  red sox historyrtu.s. 1  honduras 0 u.s. victory klinsmanncapitalism  sports  rules  real rules truly productive.  ows  occupywallstsports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...sports briefing | baseball tigers yankees game 5 draws ratingespn bodyissue favorite pro sports players nakedrt"law & svu" episode coach accused sex abuse ripped straight pages daily newslupica love hate  davis raider al davis  legendary characters sports  wins su...rt"law & svu" episode coach accused sex abuse ripped straight pages daily newsffraissman fox move francona stinks fox sports brainiacs didn listen francona radio performa...
rtbattle libya | october 3  2011rtincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgei marine crush mans leg swing battonyou.. battle?rtincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgertrtmy story willa  11 girl trademark battle w/ p&gscience lee davenport dies 95; developed battlefront  radarrtbattle  brooklyn bridge nypd arrests 700  occupywallstreet protestersrtincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgestreetscapes | west 46th street west 46th street/streetscapes   mementos lost battlertincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgertgreat narrative piece battle brooklyn bridgertincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgertincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgethe battle  occupylosangeles   occupywallstreet via  rtamericartincredible video arrests peaceful protesters w/  occupywallstreet battle brooklyn bridgeinterview w/ spoken  arrested protestor "pr battle b/w nypd &  occupywallstreetnytimes court fight tireless battle imagertthe battle left vs. right. battle corporatism vs. humans.  occupywallstreet  99percent"the rush battle potent lethal addiction  war drug."occupywallstreetrtman battles black bear own living room; saves wifertespada soundview wins battle  war rages | york daily news
rtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrt"times freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet "rtrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtso  re arresting media... rttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet. media takes side.rtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet“times freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet”rtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet
rtrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   owsprotester tweeting jail.we midtown north jail  occupywallst  yfrog.com/h61v2sjj /the braveon wall street  protest matures  “i deal bankers jail.”  occupywallstreetrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreetrtrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   owsrtrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   owsrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreetrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreetrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreetrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreetrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreetrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreetrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreetrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreetrtrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   owsthis    mtnycwon bus  occupywallstreet protesters jail.   occupywallstreetrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   occupywallstreetrtrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   owsrtrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   owsrtrtrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   owsrtrtnycs won bus  occupywallstreet protesters 2 jail.   ows
rtjp morgan funded nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful occupy wall street protestersrtoccupywallstreet communist inspired soros rockefeller elitist funded movement  ows  occupywallstrtjp morgan funded  nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters   blacklistednews.comrtjp morgan funded nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful occupy wall street protesters   blacklistednews.comrtwe agree you. obama funded wall st.    usdorrtjp morgan funded nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful occupy wall street protesters   blacklistednews.com  viai liked avideo  jp morgan funded nypd mass arrests"jp morgan funded nypd mass arrests     occupysydney solidarity  occupywallstjp morgan funded nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful occupy wall street protestersrtverified jp morgan funded nypd earlier yr  cc(thanks)thats  bankers love  close accounts  rtwacla.org jp morgan funded nypd mass arrestsrtrtjp morgan funded nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful occupy wall street protesters   blacklistednews.comi liked avideo  jp morgan funded nypd mass arrestsrtjp morgan funded nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful  occupywallstreet protestersjp morgan funded nypd mass arrests  | newsrtff rtlooky   soros funded wfp paying protestors occupy wall streetrt"i believe fundamental political parties funded connected individuals"  dylan ratigan  occupywallstrtwe agree you. obama funded wall st.    usdorrtff rtlooky   soros funded wfp paying protestors occupy wall streetrtjp morgan funded nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful occupy wall street protesters   occupywallstreetjp morgan funded  nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters   blacklistednews.com
congrats & thanks   nypd jails turnstiles. rti am officially released jail  occupywallstreetprops tobeen  occupywallst beginning  sept17  usdayofrage officially abducted  released.rtrtthe gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...rtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtthe gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...the gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...rtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtso   occupyla officially started  (via)  occupywallstreet  99percentoccupysmalltownindiana officially shape  stand brothers sistersoccupyearthrtoccupyseattle  police mayor officially allowing occupation including tents  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymousrtrtoccupyseattle  police mayor officially allowing occupation including tents  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymousows officially "movement" deemed people  msm   rock onrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtoccupation guide officially tomorrow night. safe brothers sisters
rtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtrtthis twu told  nypd won using buses 2 arrest us.   occupywallstreetrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrt100s protesters kettled decks brooklyn bridge. cops systematically arresting  loading nypd buses. happening."there’s nypd brass guns buses saying ‘move bus  bus control the..."ny bus workers   union suing  nypd abusing authority buses  ows paddy wagons   bloombergrtnypd buses rikers set afternoon ready thert?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedlafayette st crammed nypd vans buses preparation ???  ows  occupywallstreetrtga speaker statement transit workers union oppose nypd comandeering mta (aka their) buses detain protestors.  occupywallstrtalert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.legal observers arrestedrtoccupywallstreet go. hours police bus. ppl handcuffed buses. trying space precinctsrtbuses won bus 700 protesters jail    occupywallstreetaggies  buses vandalized lubbock   gigemrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtthose chinatown buses nyc boston beyond kept prices low fashioned hustle. oh  guns. storyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtrtthis twu told  nypd won using buses 2 arrest us.   occupywallstreettwu blasts city putting handcuffed  occupywallstreet protesters buses readrt<333 rtmta buses driving bway honking support  occupywallstreet rally. cc
answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy m...  |nytpharmacy blog answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts adv...answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no...answering questions p.s.a. testanswering questions p.s.a. testanswering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no...rtanswering questions p.s.a. testanswering questions p.s.a. testanswering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no...nytimes  health answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advisi...nytimes  health blog answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel expert...well blog answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising hea...answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising health...   healthreadanswering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts ad...answering questions p.s.a. testanswering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no...answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no...pharmacy blog answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts adv...answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no...pharmacy blog answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts adv...answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no...
rtwe record stream protest protect ourselves media lies.rtmore people arrested  occupywallst protests usually attend teaparty rallies. (reports vary  400 700 )brought tarp & ponchos  occupywallstreet protestors. keeping eye  needsoftheoccupiers supplies.rtwe record stream protest protect ourselves media lies.you idea  respect real lies. don talk  occupywallstreettoptenlies.   1 "liberal media bias"  proven wrong  occupywallstreet  ows  closed.  "corporate media bias"  teapartyrtrtmore people arrested  occupywallst protests usually attend teaparty rallies. (reports vary  400 700 )rtimportant hashtag follow  needsoftheoccupiers help  occupywallstreet supplies.we occupying  food  water  supplies.  occupyseattle  occupywallstreetrthypocritical wingers call  occupywallstreet "mobs" courting teabaggers tote guns rallies.hypocritical wingers call  occupywallstreet "mobs" courting teabaggers tote guns rallies.rtwe record stream protest protect ourselves media lies.rtwe record stream protest protect ourselves media lies.rtmore people arrested  occupywallst protests usually attend teaparty rallies. (reports vary  400 700 )rtwhile 46 million americans depend government food assistance feed families.   occupywallstreet  usdormore people arrested  occupywallst protests usually attend teaparty rallies. (reports vary  400 700 )correction iss 300 word story  takeback11  linked site  yay allies.rthey  nypd police departments  families... re  occupywallstreetrtwe record stream protest protect ourselves media lies.rthey  nypd police departments  families... re  occupywallstreeta list hammered thru consensus  assemblies. won two
rtfollowfor planned student walkouts solidarity  occupywallstreetrtfollowfor planned student walkouts solidarity  occupywallstreetrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegesrtthe largest  powerful lobby assembled   99percent  ows  occupycollegesrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegesrtoccupywallstreet  nypd  nypdproud  occupywallst99percent  ows  occupycollegessee 33 reasons doingrtthank mentioning walkout   occupycolleges  occupywallstrtspread word students participate largest student walkout 10/5/11/ 12pm  occupycolleges  occupywallstreetrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegesrt    weather modification u.s. military mass school lawnypd / fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discreditwas planned?? >> silent weapons quiet wars >>      owsfreedom  occupyrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon  solidarity  occupywallstreet  occupyaustin  occupyhouston  occupycollegesrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon join solidarity withoccupycollegeslet heartland midwestrtstudent solidarity protest thursday  october 13th  time spread word educate campuses aboutoccupyrtwe half goal 1000 followersoccupycolleges  occupywallst 10/5/11 12pm nationwide student walkoutrtnational student walkout tomorrow noon  solidarity  occupywallstreet  occupyaustin  occupyhouston  occupycollegesusdor  ows  occupysanantonio  occupyutsa  utsa occupy common @ 12 tomorrow.usdor  ows  occupyelpaso  occupyutep  utep occupy common @ 12 tomorrow.
rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.lots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.
rtnytimes confirms 400 people arrested  largest mass arrest 2008 rnc.   occupywallstreetrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrtlargest identity theft ring u.s. history busted queens  111 indicted $13 million fraudrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrtthe largest  powerful lobby assembled   99percent  ows  occupycollegesrtrtthe gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...rtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyfilling jails nyc.occupywallstreet bailout+stimulus largest xfer wealth public >private history.rtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrtspread word students participate largest student walkout 10/5/11/ 12pm  occupycolleges  occupywallstreetrt3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtrt  fukushima contamination produces largest dose radiation seart3 4 largest financial institutions bigger financial crisis began.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation history672 lose jobs city schools bloomberg administration orchestrated largest mass layoff singl...rtmarch arrives  occupywallstreet liberty plaza. largest crowd   owsrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrtthe gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...rtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historythe gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...
rttakewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  feedtheprotest brooklyn photos peter harrisrtquick fixes structural changes challenge  movement   nycga  occupytogether  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  feedtheprotest  identify officers?   nypd  brutalityrtastro turfing occupy wall street movement happen?   feedtheprotest  nycga  takewallstreet  vtdemocratsoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet   officer bologna  added officer accountability db  feedtheprotestoccupywallstreet  feedtheprotest  takewallstreet  generalassemblydoes  occupytogether dilute  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet protests?  discuss      feedtheprotestdoes occupytogether dilute  takewallstreet nyc?    dispatch917 discuss     feedtheprotestoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet identify officers?     feedtheprotestoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet please email documentation police brutality     feedtheprotestdo video connecting officers brutality?     nycga  feedtheprotest  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet identify cops?     feedtheprotestows winning google trends    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  feedtheprotestoccupywallstreet beats  sarahpalin   terrorist   whitehouse   google trending.    feedtheprotest  ourwallstreettakewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  feedtheprotest brooklyn photos peter harristakewallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  feedtheprotest brooklyn bridge protest photos peter harrisvideo police holding protesters brooklyn bridge   ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  feedtheprotest  nycga1 500 march   500 arrested   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  feedtheprotest1 500 march   500 arrested   dispatch917   nycga   nypd   feedtheprotesttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  feedtheprotest  identify officers?   nypd  brutalityanon  ourwallstreet  feedtheprotest nuclr engineer exposes "coziness" industry regulators.   www.fairewinds.com
obama statement steve jobs..?  address  ows protests immediately.  usdorrtyou crazy obama  nut jobs. obama running show. sour kids?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  tcotows  cspj“banks enforce debit card fee  maybe taxes  bank fees jobs.bad balance sheets.what econi woke 3:38 am looked term "meme" & lead steve jobs. idea   occupywallstreet day &  bed.“rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.mtoccupywallst fear corporations. sell stuff //. ...which creates...jobs...eurekarip steve jobs. innovator artist.hey nyc  ll live 4 onreporting apple hq passing  stevejobs.rtalternative steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtyes   occupywallstreet "3 tweets jobs  word nationwide protests jobs. work"rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.“r.i.p. steve jobs. touched ugly world technology beautiful.” matt galligan viany times info graphic  people run   jobs.rtwe don welfare  jobs. don hate business  fairness. don handouts  justice.  occupywallstreetrtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.bits blog tribute  iphones gathers san francisco expresses feelings towards steve jobs.i fantastic telling people leave jobs... support over?rtwe don welfare  jobs. don hate business  fairness. don handouts  justice.  occupywallstreet
rthow  koch industries makes billions corrupting government polluting.     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatch  anonymousrtnj gov. chris christie sneaking  koch oil billionaires     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatch   occupywallstreetrtwhy isn wall street jail?    usdor  anoncorpwatch  occupywallstreet   ows   anonymousrtwalker prosser crushed regulations  koch industry’s phosphorus pollution wisconsin   ows  usdor  anoncorpwatchrtmonsanto contributions federal candidates     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatch  occupywallstreet  anonymousrtmonsanto 5 dubious contributions planet     usdor  anoncorpwatch  occupywallstreet  anonymous  owstotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexi   anoncorpwatchnj gov. chris christie sneaking  koch oil billionaires     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatch   occupywallstreetthe world overlooked poison  monsanto herbicide  roundup.     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatch   occupywallstreetkoch brothers positioned winners keystone xl pipeline approved     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatchmonsanto lost bid close lawsuit involving injuries tied agent orange    ows  usdor  anoncorpwatchwalker prosser crushed regulations  koch industry’s phosphorus pollution wisconsin   ows  usdor  anoncorpwatchtea party  koch bros  liberal soros top forbes rich list      ows  usdor  anoncorpwatch  occupywallstreetis  monsanto depopulation tool?    ows  usdor  anoncorpwatch  occupywallstreet  anonymoushow  koch industries makes billions corrupting government polluting.     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatch  anonymoustop organics gmo guys  monsanto halliburton affiliated company    usdor  anoncorpwatch  anonymoustoxic 100 meet country worst air polluters     anoncorpwatch  occupywallstreet  ows  anonymous  usdormonsanto contributions federal candidates     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatch  occupywallstreet  anonymousmichele bachmann 2012er  koch cash    usdor  anoncorpwatch  occupywallstreet  anonymous  owsan graphic  koch political contributions     ows  anoncorpwatch  anonymous  usdor   occupywallstreetmonsanto 5 dubious contributions planet     usdor  anoncorpwatch  occupywallstreet  anonymous  ows
rtnypd released video officer warning occupy wall street protestors arrested walked bklyn bridge roadway  cnnrtservadv  4  5  6 affected ongoing incidents  bklyn manhattan. expect dealysrtwe pushed towards bklyn. arrest there. meet  occupywallstreettakewallstreetaw  deer belong bklyn :( "city deer found brooklyn coast disturbing circumstancesrtfree ashley    pepper sprayed week  arrested bklyn bridge today.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet    freeashleywe pushed towards bklyn. arrest there. meet  occupywallstreettakewallstreetfree ashley    pepper sprayed week  arrested bklyn bridge today.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet    freeashleyrtfree ashley    pepper sprayed week  arrested bklyn bridge today.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet    freeashleyrtaccording toa class action lawsuit filed federal court bloomberg nypd arrests  occupywallstreet.rtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrti blame  occupywallst people getting arrested bklyn bridge  story.rti blame  occupywallst people getting arrested bklyn bridge  story.rtfree ashley    pepper sprayed week  arrested bklyn bridge today.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet    freeashleyrti blame  occupywallst people getting arrested bklyn bridge  story.rtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtstreet art/graff community organize join movement.  occupywallstreetrtrtlawyer  occupywallst suit "police conducted charade duly videotaped speaking inaudiably bullhorn"occupywallstnyc  occupywallstreet march < 500 arrests shutting bklyn bridge.““occupywallstreet marchers claimed bklyn bound car lanes bklyn bridge. (cont)rtfree ashley    pepper sprayed week  arrested bklyn bridge today.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet    freeashleyrtwhy  occupywallstreet protest bklyn bridge???
rtonly citizens allowed campaign contributions.  corp personhood abolished.   usdoronly citizens allowed 2 campaign contributions. corp personhood abolished.  usdor  anticorp  antibank  october6occupydc protest push repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtwethepeople  occupyearth speak language human.  antibanks  corporatepersonhood  takewallstreet  occupythefed  occupytheworldrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetrtonly citizens allowed campaign contributions.  corp personhood abolished.   usdorrtspec money gov  corp union  corporate personhood mubarek.  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  usdorrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetrtonly citizens allowed campaign contributions.  corp personhood abolished.   usdorrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtonly citizens allowed campaign contributions.  corp personhood abolished.   usdorrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   occupywallstreetmodel resolution corporate personhood  amend constitution.  occuppywallstreet  usdorrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydcrtonly citizens allowed campaign contributions.  corp personhood abolished.   usdorrtonly citizens allowed campaign contributions.  corp personhood abolished.   usdorrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood huff.to/nucpwr  usdor  occupydcspec money gov  corp union  corporate personhood mubarek.  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  usdorrtoccupydc protest pushes repeal citizens united  corporate personhood   usdor  occupydc

rt.pants  huh? believe anyway. thanks driving home. | don believe media. eyes   99percentrtinstalling solar lights medical  comfort media. right.  occupywallstreetrtwow. this. 1% directly speaking media.  occupyportland  occupywallst  owsrtthe rebirth people democracy requires people media. help jammers  occupywallstreet launch newspaperrtirc.indymedia.org   occupywallstreet appears ddos attack currently unknown source  takewallstreet  ows  occupythefedrtno reason expect honest  trustworthy coverage  occupywallstreet  usdor people protesting own media.rtrtthe occupy protests spreading eveywhere except media.  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyboston  occupylartoccupywallstnyc  occupywallstreet installing solar lights medical comfort media. right. via twitter  owssolarrt.pants  huh? believe anyway. thanks driving home. | don believe media. eyes   99percentrt.pants  huh? believe anyway. thanks driving home. | don believe media. eyes   99percent.pants  huh? believe anyway. thanks driving home. | don believe media. eyes   99percentdo talk major media. enemy    occupywallstreet  99percentdon talk media. 1%. ll look stupid w/ sound bytes.  occupywallstreet5 hollow john lennon 1% media. payback b*tch.   occupywallstreetrt.pants  huh? believe anyway. thanks driving home. | don believe media. yourtso  re arresting media... rttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtthe. media. sucks  rtnyt paint creek  tx  frantic media search  head  rock. luck.rtnote traditional media.  beginning.  remember "talkies" replace silent pictures.   usdorrtthe rebirth people democracy requires people media. help jammers  occupywallstreet launch newspaperrtrtinstalling solar lights medical  comfort media. right.  occupywallstreetrt.pants  huh? believe anyway. thanks driving home. | don believe media. eyes   99percent
rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtrtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it."omg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.  sheeshrtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtrtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtrtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.
rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtrtsomething stirring boston. video   (cont)rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtrtsomething stirring boston. video   (cont)something stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  ows700news uniformed u.s. marines coming protect  occupywallst protesters stirring  sources sketchyrtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  ows700rtsomething stirring boston. video   occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17nytimessports yankees bullpen stirring  yankees  alds
rtjp morgan funded nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful occupy wall street protestersrtoccupywallstreet communist inspired soros rockefeller elitist funded movement  ows  occupywallstfunds nypd.koch funds mass  immigration advocates &  occupywallst tools support too.  hmmm  p2  tlot  topprog  ows  tcot  ocra  sgponline tools help bands business “the fundamental premise company  production distribut...any chance $5 help fund feature doc?   occupywallstreet  sorry  don plane fare wall strtjp morgan funded  nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful  occupywallstreet protesters   blacklistednews.comnews alert germany votes expand euro bailout fund  |  nytrtjp morgan funded nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful occupy wall street protesters   blacklistednews.comrtwe agree you. obama funded wall st.    usdorrtjp morgan funded nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful occupy wall street protesters   blacklistednews.com  vianyt "expanded euro bailout fund clears hurdle:"  finland’s parliament agreed contribute share bailout fund.i liked avideo  jp morgan funded nypd mass arrestsbtw  nyt reporter andrew ross sorkin "in bed" rich hedge fund friends nights.male prostitute sell  owsif re thinking trying raise funds oncheckout read |  kickstarterrtgermany votes expand euro bailout fundoccupywallstreet protest corporations funding campaigns.  protest people rich  equal opportunity equal wealth"jp morgan funded nypd mass arrests     occupysydney solidarity  occupywallstjp morgan funded nypd mass arrests 700 peaceful occupy wall street protestersrtcorp. "responsibility"  jpmorgan donated $4.6m nypd fund 2010    occupywallstreetrtthat beauty revolution. crosses party lines.these fundamental issues  dealt with.
rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"no joke indeed “this joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"not sexy btw. appear meth though. rt"photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"   is.gd/bggfrb  looks park day methadone clinic"this joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"   > jealous?rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"   is.gd/bggfrblol. grief. "this joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"“this joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"     looked sexy one?rtuh...wut. rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters" /got ya sarah mmalkin 1%.rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"/got ya  michellemalkinisa1%   ignore.rtso "sexy" people shouldn arrested? mtnot joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"rtnot joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"    /jealous  anyway  michellemalkinisa1%oh.  itisajoke rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"the joke them.  sexy.  rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters""this joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"    wow..that ve got? p2fuglyoh   > rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"but  occupywallst is...zing  rtthis joke "photos sexy  occupywallst protesters"   is.gd/bggfrb
deal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...tech deal sites fading allure  merchantscoupon sites deal  merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...deal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...rtdeal sites fading allure merchantscoupon sites deal  merchants “but sooner t...deal sites fading allure merchants   june  groupon preparing public valuation ...deal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...deal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...dailydeal coupon sites deal  merchants dot com boom  e...   grouponrtyeah  remember daily deals? rtdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants  viacoupon sites deal  merchants internet coupon fad shrinking faster than...who didn coming? rtdeal sites fading allure merchantscoupon sites deal  merchants   nytimesnytimes coupon sites deal  merchants
rtthe daily mail epically failed amanda knox  pix  occupywallstreetrtroseanne barrfull max keiserinterview    usdor  occupywallstreet  economy  failedlaw  dr3dyou re target immediate removal ve failed duty american ppl letting corp censor free speech  usdor  occupywallstreetrtmedia failed  people followrtwrtmedia failed  people followrtw30 secs talking hep & 15 minutes talking baseball trying 2 educate people failedrtfollow supporters failed mediaretweet  owsrtmedia failed  people followrtwrtrtmedia failed  people follow… (cont)rtmedia failed  people followrtwfactual police shot killed failed respond drop knives carryingrti wonder banks failed 08 crisis sue gov & luck.see gretchen morgenson column:a study follows daily collective mood. wonder sour dispositions failed captchas?rtmedia failed  people followrtwrtmedia failed  people followrtwrt.you re target immediate removal ve failed duty american ppl letting corp censor free speech  usdor  occupywallstreetrt.you re target immediate removal ve failed duty american ppl letting corp censor free speech  usdor  occupywallstreetrtmedia failed  people followrtwrtmedia failed  people followrtwrt.you re target immediate removal ve failed duty american ppl letting corp censor free speech  usdor  occupywallstreetthose planes tiny failed mission
rtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrepwho sources sent memo dhs quash  occupywallstreet $10k citizen united   usdorrtwe accurate reporting  squash corporate media spin.  occupythemediartrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtwe accurate reporting  squash corporate media spin.  occupythemediartows mtsources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movement.rtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movement
caught tape shooting outside brooklyn mcdonald        "he nypd released security camera video  bra...rtthe mcdonalds  libertyplaza cops protesters hang out. opportun...rtthe mcdonalds  libertyplaza cops protesters hang out. opportun...rtshocking video attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonaldwhich mcdonald this? rtpolice release surveillance video shooting brooklyn mcdonaldvideo attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonaldrtthe mcdonalds  libertyplaza cops protesters hang out. opportunity dialogue.  occupywallstreetman cops quickshocking video attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonaldvideo teen shot mcdonald block brooklyn collegereported.shocking video attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonaldrtthe mcdonalds  libertyplaza cops protesters hang out. opportunity dialogue.  occupywallstreetrtwe  monopoly mcdonald   occupywallstreetrtwe  monopoly mcdonald   occupywallstreetfacebook deleting  occupywallst events + youtube deleting  occupywallst videos? twitter deletesi social mediartshocking video attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonaldfunny  occupywallstreet mdonald sign evil  wallstreet corporations & protesters eat mcdonald near left &rtvideo teen shot outside mcdonald brooklynrthorror caught tape graphic  surveillance video attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonald s.damn junction tho ? smfh..video attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonaldthe mcdonalds  libertyplaza cops protesters hang out. opportunity dialogue.  occupywallstreetshocking video attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonald   tcot  tlot  teaparty  ocra  p2
rtrtrtcnn set shop trinity  directly zuccotti park  occupwallstreetis connect directly various occupations?  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtcnn set shop trinity  directly zuccotti park  occupywallstreetrtwow. this. 1% directly speaking media.  occupyportland  occupywallst  owshigh tech tools help bands market directly fansrtarticle   occupywallstreet assembly directly attacks constitution  presstorm  takewallstreetrthigh tech tools help bands market directly fans topspin media companies offering bands t...rtrtcnn set shop trinity  directly zuccotti park  occupwallstreetrthigh tech tools help bands market directly fansrthigh tech tools help bands market directly fanshigh tech tools help bands market directly fans topspin media companies offering bands t...:proof  occupywallstreet taking directly president  absurdhigh tech tools help bands market directly fans topspin media companies offering bands ...   infortrtcnn set shop trinity  directly zuccotti park  occupwallstreetrtsocialism (a policy grows directly capitalism & politicians confuse communism) 4 swiss  occupywallstreethigh tech tools help bands market directly fans  /  entrepreneursorry butjust directly lied onthat thedoes megaphones money  lawhigh tech tools help bands market directly fans topspin media companies offering bands t...high tech tools help bands market directly fans topspin media companies offering bands t...rtrtcnn set shop trinity  directly zuccotti park  occupywallstreetis located directly rose kennedy greenway (boston tucked freeways underground)  occupyboston  publicspace
add  occupy_seattle website adbustersrtthewebsite speak   solidarity  ows  occupywallst  99percentrthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...pls rtrtplease note legit website foris "www.occuopychi.org" news & donations  re tweet  tyi follow two.  website tab (top pg) linking nycga.the 99% us...thanks website  occupytogether whoever arertif donate supplies  list  needsoftheoccupiers website  thank    occupylavideo nypd drags arrests 700 people brooklyn bridge | official website ofrtrta friend emailed screenshot norton securities censors  occupywallstreet "malicious website." gee  wonder...rtif donate supplies  list  needsoftheoccupiers website  thank    occupylartif donate supplies  list  needsoftheoccupiers website  thank    occupylartare game night party? tweet yankees photos towith hashtag  uphoto publish fan photos websiteonly  nyc rta racy website straphangers snapping photos "hot guys" subway nydn.us/pqjgwsrthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...please rtrtif donate supplies  list  needsoftheoccupiers website  thank    occupylathe assembly  occupywallst websitenyclu pops google search  website re  occupywallst...post list demands website facebook page  easier read/share? thanks ; )occupywallstreetrtyou publish  occupywallstreet photos york daily news  website tweeting towith hashtag  uphotowebsite info. wish ny protesting  owsnyc assembly official website ga  occupywallstreet
rtno? "substantial independent expenditures support judicial candidate threat judicial impartiality"   usdorrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rt*sigh* mthighlights substantial rewrite lede inarticle arrestsrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.is  occupywallstreet beginning substantial?  hope so. seriously.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.oof  rthighlights substantial rewrite lede inarticle arrests. i51.tinypic.com/296i2iq.jpgrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.substantial pastries busy teenagers — recipes healthrtwow. rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rthighlights substantial rewrite nytimes article  arrestsrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite nytimes article  arrests
tech talk podcast mail valuea tech war slights centuries monarchy “war room” technicians weeds sites deemed...rta somewhat determinist provocative look technology changing humanrtthere *wrong* rich. wrong using money control others.  occupywallstreet420alert  nypd chief stop 2 improper  marijuana arrests fri.  justice  hitechcj  mmot  police  420  kush  herb  cannabis  team420that   deal. is? nypd harassing people exercising freedom speech.rtcheck video withand cop confrontations  occupywallstreet  sep17rta nyt review quest  recent book energy security  gm   talkene...rtcheck video withand cop confrontations  occupywallstreet  sep17how robot job?   technology  jobs  business  education  eurochatrttechniques corporate powers (try to) destroy ows movement firedoglake   ows  usdorhigh tech tools help bands market directly fansyahoo crowd  voice  "what newspaper kill for...” (old prob media co run tech co)steve jobs dead 7 products apple founder wrong amid successes shaped tech industrytech deal sites fading allure  merchantstech.  digital domain post office crisis  national paralysistech &  robotics unleash  robot dogs waradele waugaman  daniel prieto iii ... manages partnership mobile telephone technology ai...rthigh tech tools help bands market directly fans topspin media companies offering bands t...rtdeal sites fading allure merchantsrtprotestas de los indignados eeuu terminan con más de 700 detenidos
rtnypd trick protesters brooklyn bridge; arrest 700  | epjrtronpaul emotional speech    revolution   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  endthefed  endthewars  tcot  tlot  p2nader  ron paul  kucinich speak  occupywallstreet   99percent  endthefed  occupywallst  occupydc  occupythefed  owsdo realize saying ron paul does. ron paul revolution?this uniting tired corporate corruption.occupywallstreetbyebye bank america. hello credit unions  ourwallstreet  occupychi  occupywallstreetrtpaul krugman  nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet  ows  newyorktimes retweetrtrtbank bailouts  socialism. free market capitalism smash banks oblivion  occupywallstreet  occupythefedrtwelfare applicants abuse  drugs   & idea test lawmakersrtcheck livestream 10 mins.going live  libertyplaza   occupywallstreetrtgandhi – (we quote often. there’s lessons us.)   ronpaul  tcot  tlot  peace  occupywallstreetrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtnypd spokesman paul browne protest led department assign additional officersrtin exclusive op ed forron paul argues al awlaki killing unconstitutionalthe option close accounts  bofartcheck livestream 10 mins.going live  libertyplaza   occupywallstreetrtronpaul  ralphnader  denniskucinich speak  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  endthefedrtronpaul talking withtomorrows oct5  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  endthefed  endthewarsrtpaul krugman  nobel prize winning economist supports  occupywallstreet  ows  newyorktimes retweetif nation sick  doctor ever.  ronpaul2012  endthefed  occupywallstreethenry paulson. secretary treasury bush admin 06 09. ex goldman sachs ceo/chairman.  crook  occupywallst
rtoccupywallstreet considered bunch silly kids establishment biggest nightmare countrynypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners      (ap) ap   reda shata considered partner new...prediction day considered "cool" s%^$ ppl yourself.   wiunion  usdor  occupywallstreetif maced nypd officer barricade  considered "appropriate"?nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...rtprediction day considered "cool" s%^$ ppl yourself.   wiunion  usdor  occupywallstreet2nd u.s. loan solyndra considerednypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...rti wonder considered inviting bernie sanders speak zucotti park?  owsnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...ny giants  brandon jacobs doubtful sunday game vs. seattle seahawks ... considered doubtful for...rtthis rtwant people republic action? visit  occupywallst assembly. voices heard considered.nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...
rtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetwoo    occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather  occupyslc  ourwallstreetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweet
rtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrt"times freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet "rtrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtso  re arresting media... rttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet. media takes side.rtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrta reporter nyt  natasha lennard  wrote editors covering  occupywallst  "i arrested."rtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet“times freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet”rtrttimes freelancerat 4:58 p.m. "i arrested."  occupywallstreet
rtkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ...   york daily newsrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtstrauss kahn french accuser parisespn permanently removes hank williams jr.  monday night football  obama hitler comparison   fbrtallaroundtheworld  reasons15o entodoelmundo  razones15o unidglobalchangerton runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion weekkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...rtoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes“nick kristof expands comparison  occupywallstreet tahrir squarerthow paris mosque sheltered jews holocaust  cchow paris mosque sheltered jews holocaust  (via)kanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...mall kids paris followfor fashion  beauty lifestyle news headlines. s...kanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ...   fashionkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...rtfashion review carven  isabel marant  pedro lourenço paris fashion reviewstrauss kahn french accuser paris dominique strauss kahn met thursday french...nytimes paris fishy dinner table talk kanye west riccardo tisci...   fashionnytimes céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier + yohji yamamoto paris reviewriots erupted london neighborhoods  august 2011  paris york los angeles wall streetart "ironic smile" sale £2.25m  wall street york nyc london manhattan los angeles moscow sydneyparis
rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtt magazine model morphosis | frida gustavsson jean paul gaultierrtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…nytimes céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier + yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...t magazine model morphosis | frida gustavsson jean paul gaultier  viaphotos moment | jean paul gaultier  viartrt  nyt  themoment photos moment | jean paul gaultier sonny vandevelde paris fashion week photo diary.dtn fashion fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier an...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...latest news fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier an...rtfashion fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yo...fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewis equal opportunitya diverse selection models @ jpgaultier   pfwrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris review
please follow  occupyslcmedia team ll able follow watch revolution live starttonightrtplease follow  occupyslcmedia team ll able follow watch revolution live starttonight
shifting suburban paradigm lake flatothinking homes key future suburba...rtrtrtwe streaming  occupychicago live    occupywallstreetlove  rtthe city abstraction   aerial photos yann arthus bertrandrtcity insists concrete makeover coney island boardwalk  angering community board   (via)"they" ...  throwmoney  needsoftheoccupiers  theamericanway i?nyrti seeis trolling. particular reason time usual life bile?  edlrt   .trollingeven  andreaurbanfox bereaved.  edl  wlfrtsainttrollseven  andreaurbanfox bereaved. nice person  huh?rt"soshe lost marbles   edl  ukuncut"<are ocd sufferer something?  justaskingrtshameful > rtwasn trent reznor called  cunt   ignorant pig ?  ukuncutrtsounds likebeen caught lying   ukuncut  edl  wlfrtrt>< police queef blah blah lolsuit  edl  andreaurbanfox << lolsuit lolsuitrt<<<disgusting abusive maniac  ignore andrea helped  ukuncutrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksorganizing voice (@ news  urban tulsa weekly)    occupytulsa  occupywallstreet  tulsa article   usdor  owsw00t  awesome story tulsa urban weekly    occupytulsa  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  occupytogether  unitedrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksis  occupywallstreet  tacticalurbanism?how feeling? biggest fan top form.  andreaurbanfox  edl  nutterahahahahaha  laugh day  : )  andreaurbanfox  lizalvisfakey  fb  tinfoilhelmets  edl
who doeswork for?  ows opposes?   importantquestions  needsoftheoccupiersanswering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy m...  |nytrtlate nite live qa nyc team  post questions onright  owsmedia  occupywallstno troll questions. stay competitive act?occupywallst  proceed rtgiving former gov walking tour questions 4 him? outquestions  answers public vote please.   keystone xlsupply drop response questions  .  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtanon nypd officer taking questions reddit  ows protestsrtlate nite live qa nyc team  post questions onright  owsmedia  occupywallstrt"det. kate beckett nypd  couple questions murder earlier." best. intro line.  castlertsupply drop response questions  .  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersanswers questions eat.   snacks  farmtotable  sundaydinnerrtmichael pollan answers readers questions tomorrow smagazine food & drink issuertattention hippies  fielding questions complete sentences today. so... none hippies.  occupywallstreet  usdor  p2if(aowned company) deleting  occupywallst videos  questions kernel net neutrality.rtanon nypd officer taking questions reddit  ows protestspharmacy blog answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts adv...to hv questions bout  occupywallstreet  direct me. receiving 2 days ago  <3 answer moreanswering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no..."det. kate beckett nypd  couple questions murder earlier." best. intro line.  castlertanon nypd officer taking questions reddit  ows protests

rtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrt???????????????????nypd blue??????????fbi??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????  kaigaidrama  wowowrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrt5????9????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????rtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  banksters????????????????????????????????????????????????  policebrutality  nypdrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtoccupy wall street?????rtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrt????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreetrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  banksters?????? ??????????????????????????????????????????  yerevan  hima  sksela  libertysquare  opposition  rally  ltprtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 25% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  onerevolutionrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  bankstersrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 20% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  banksters
rtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreet
rtpaging garafolo mtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst?rtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrt “will msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor unitedrtwill msm note "overwhelmingly white" composition  occupywallst? progressives pallor united

lirr svc temporarily suspended directions penn station & jamaica & atlantic terminal & jamaica. @ cbsnewyork.comrtwe re following lead  york. re 100%by timothy bella  cbsnewyork.com york (cbsnewyork) — midst jersey gubernatorial campaign in...rta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videonew usgreenjobs cbsnewyork.com intern cbsnewyork.com looking intern ...    5milliongreenjobsrta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videortgracias la policía de york. nunca habríamos podido pagar campaña publicitaria tan grande de cara al  15o.  globalchange  occupywallstrtgracias la policía de york. nunca habríamos podido pagar campaña publicitaria tan grande de cara al  15o.  globalchange  occupywallstrtrtoffical declaration occupation york.    occupywallst  qcpoli  canpoli  cdnpoli    ows  usdorrtrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viarta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videortrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viartrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viaproud ve arrested york.  nypd silence voice people.  usdorrta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videortrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viartgracias la policía de york. nunca habríamos podido pagar campaña publicitaria tan grande de cara al  15o.  globalchange  occupywallstrtgov.chrischristie hold 1 p.m. news conference amid speculation  2012presidential bid. tune cbsnewyork.com .rtrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  vianypd blue   complete fourth season fourth season award winning  action york...

free agents  secret? british version funnier   york daily news york daily news free agents  secret?...rttop contributor obama 2012 securities & investment $7 200 000 // 44 blunder  takewallstreet secretsrttop contributor obama 2012 securities & investment $7 200 000 // 44 blunder  takewallstreet secretsrtkoch brothers flout law getting richer secret iran sales   via1%rtrtrtfuckyoumichaelbloomberg businessman politician philanthropist mayor nyc net worth $18.1b partner atrtrtthe gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...rtthe secret oz   ocupywallstreet  sep17  marchonwashington  oct06  occupyeverywhere   usdorrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorsome kept secret.  late   “report feds stinger missiles nyc   fb  bigfailrtbestdarnkettlecorn sale   50%  rts secret sales weekrtrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdorhenry paulson. secretary treasury bush admin 06 09. ex goldman sachs ceo/chairman.  crook  occupywallstoccupywallst  occupywarrenbuffetssecretaryshouseshemakesmorethanallofusrtthe secret  occupywallstreet?  post clicktivist activism.secret u.s. memo legal kill citizenrtthe secret actually marching wall street  viasolidarity  occupywallstrts secret sales weekrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrtgoldman sachs.  firm tends money democrats   usdor  occupywallstreet  secretsmonsanto secretly poisoning population     ows  usdor  occupywallstreetrt "koch brothers flout law secret iran sales" they. aren t. 99%.  occupydenver  occupywallst  ows
rtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually  occupy wall street message couldn clearer  (we couldn agree more.)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually  occupy wall street message couldn clearer  (we couldn agree more.)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually  occupy wall street message couldn clearer  (we couldn agree more.)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdor
rta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videocbsny helicopter crashes east river. watch live video rescue efforts cbsnewyork.com. tune 1010...rta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live videorta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watc… (cont)rta helicopter crashed east river. tune cbs 2 cbsnewyork.com. watch live video
occupywallstreet arrests;fox5 crew   protesters hit  nypd mace batons 1day jpmorgan nypd $4.6 millionrtnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.police pepper spray batons protesters   twenty arrested (oct. 5th) | occupywallst.orgrtnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtluke rudkowski   occupywallstreet protestors beat batons pepper spraying nypd  viaheadlinesnypd officers beat protestors wit batons 4 standin corrupt  parasitic financialsystem  freedom?“nypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtows  occupywallstreet rtfox news reporters maced & hit batons (smiling tweet i… (cont)rt" police brutality  occupywallstreet" nypd approach peaceful protest batons macertthis nypd com kelly rtfoxcrew  occupywallstreet protesters hit mace  batonsrtfox news crew protesters hit  nypd mace  batons  occupywallstreetrttweeps  am sitting watching  nypd attack peaceful march protesters sidewalk. beating protesters batons.  owsrtfox journalists hit batons maced  occupywallstreet protests" police brutality  occupywallstreet" nypd approach peaceful protest batons macertrtfox news crew protesters hit nypd mace batons occupywallstreetrtrtpolice continue low road  swinging batons   occupywallst  nypdrt" police brutality  occupywallstreet" nypd approach peaceful protest batons macertnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.rtitsbizkit.com (video) footage nypd beating occupy wall street protesters batonsrtfox news reporters maced & hit batons (smiling tweet prob response) ows  occupywallstreetrtnypd officers beat protestors batons standing corrupt  parasitic  financial system.
rt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstrt1970 3%  congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykst   fascismrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtthe "job creators" don help. corporate welfare personal lobbyists.  fb  occupywallstreetrt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykst1970 3%  congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykst   fascismrt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstrt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstwall st. merely pawn moved lobbyists. angst blindly misdirected sad. reflects ignorance.you won legit protests lobbyists.  till then...you re sound hand clapping.rtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstrt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstrt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstcapitalism + democracy politicians vie support. crony capitalism + democracy vie support moneybag lobbyists.  usdorrt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstrt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykst
no..  arrests occupation place.rt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwearethe99 "there sweet spirit place. hope feel love inspiration." ~ cornel west  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrtrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreet /  1%problems  makebankspayheard 79th precinct   bbridge  bkyn jurisdiction. bkln central booking worst place.rtrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreetrtdear nypd arrest idea. person arrest  fill place. saying....oh  btw  legion expect usrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetdemocratic awakening taking place. u.s. fall responding arab spring.  occupywallstreet  smileyandwest  occupyscotlandrtrtrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreet /  1%problems  makebankspayrtrtrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreet /  1%problems  makebankspayrtdemocratic awakening taking place. u.s. fall responding arab spring.  occupywallstreet  smileyandwestrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreetrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreetrtrtrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreet /  1%problems  makebankspayrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreet
occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia las imágenes muestran ...occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia las imágenes muestran ...infoteca tecnolog    occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia la...sm  occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia   inter4ctiveoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia las imágenes muestran ...occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia   tecnologiaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia   internet  ictoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia
rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.oh god.  occupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed."i 14 hours cash money savages."  nypd officer officer.com   ows  o15  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rt"i 14 hours cash money savages."  nypd officer officer.com   ows  o15  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.rtoccupywallstreet textfile promised  please spread    officer.com cops exposed.
rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>update nypd confirms person died following east river helicopter crash  choppercrashrt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rtnytimes confirms 400 people arrested  largest mass arrest 2008 rnc.   occupywallstreetrtlargest identity theft ring u.s. history busted queens  111 indicted $13 million fraudrtman arrested beating wife didn   facebook statusrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.  99percentrt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyortrtmoveon.org confirmed joining  occupywallstreet protests unions wednesday.rtconfirmado. 700 detenciones en  takewallstreet. en eu  como siempre  las cosas lo grande.¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyortrtresearcher confirms using tools google trends  occupywallstreet censored twttrok  heard else thatconfirmed real ve ppl stop circulating it.goldman sachs.  firm tends money democrats   liars  usdor  occupywallstreet  99percent  stopthemach2011  october6nyc fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding. 3:27:03 pm viartconfirmedtells 400 protesters arrested brooklyn bridge using pedestrian lane  marching vehicular lane.rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rtchomsky se solidariza  occupywallstreet afirmando gangsterismo las instituciones financieras hacia  15o global
u.s. government approved $40 billion worldwide private arms sales 2009   occupywallstreet  owsrtin egypt  army proved honor people. ny  nypd proving illegitimacy siding wall st.  occupywallstreetkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...kanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...kanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...koch brothers positioned winners keystone xl pipeline approved     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatchbloomberg  ashamed  instead hero cause  proved elitist puppet are.  occupywallstreetrtthe nyc police department proved able arrest little girls   occupy  occupywallstreetrtkoch brothers positioned winners keystone xl pipeline approved     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatchkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...in egypt  army proved honor people. ny  nypd proving illegitimacy siding wall st.  occupywallstreetrtkoch brothers positioned winners keystone xl pipeline approved     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatchrtpaleo diet  caveman  diet gains traction despite controversies;  fred flintstonekanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...rtthe lame mainstreamish media coverage  paleo ve seen  viano. 5 boise dominates fresno 57 7 return geraldo boldewijn proved what...  (via nyt)demand twelve outlaw credit reporting agencies. 12.5 load requests approved.   occupywallstreetrtkoch brothers positioned winners keystone xl pipeline approved     ows  usdor  anoncorpwatchlove & warmth 2 brothers & sisterstoday proved powerful force overcome  occupywallstu.s. government approved $40 billion worldwide private arms sales 2009   occupywallstreet  owsrtlet begin gonna approved agenda seeds planted wallstreet grow  ows
nypd screwed up.  arrested ava peacetakescourage yesterday. geniuses.  owsrthomeowners screwed wall st. cancer patients screwed wall st. voters screwed wall st  occupywallstreet  usdor  owsrtjesse lagreca mainstream media  re getting screwed re helping   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrt??????????????????36????  rt?????dc???????????rtwelcome corporate america. population screwed.  occupywallstreet  owsrtdear media  re getting screwed re helping   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet thanks angiethe students america  university college screwed left right. time join 99%rt???????2??????????????????????????????????rtplease planned phoenix...this city/state especially screwed greed banks  occupywallstreetmainstream media  re getting screwed re helping   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdear media  re getting screwed re helping   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet thanks angiejesse lagreca mainstream media  re getting screwed re helping     occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtabc "news" sayshas unified message  2 americans fed getting screwed wallst occupation congressrtjesse lagreca mainstream media  re getting screwed re helping   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetjesse lagreca media  re getting screwed re helping   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdear media  re getting screwed re helping   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet thanks angiertdear media  re getting screwed re helping   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet thanks angiewhat  occupywallst ask? 99% screwed country’s wealthiest 1% figure   owsrta 50+ish yr blazer bowtie peoples stage thanking  occupywallst. "i waiting you. generation screwed up."rthomeowners screwed wall st. cancer patients screwed wall st. voters screwed wall st  occupywallstreet  usdor  owslagreca2mainstream media  re getting screwed re helping   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtfact  nypd capable arresting 100s  protest at. re  goldman  sachs  ll hold handrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.nypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycoccupywallstreet"what don people capable critical thinking" ~ george carlin. criticalrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtfact  nypd capable arresting 100s protest at. re  goldman  sachs  ll hold handreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtrtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.severe storm warning issued 4 nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds
rtwelcomeoccupygainesville  occupyflorida     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtwelcome aboard chattanooga      occupyclarksvil   occupyknoxville  occupynashville  solidarity  usrevolution  occupywallstreetplease   > upcoming  occupy events        occupywallstreet  usrevolution     globalchange  usdor viartdetenciones masivas en el pte de brooklin  ocuppywallstreet directo tv   usrevolution   ourwallstreet  o15  15m  17th rtrtwelcomeoccupyalbany  occupynewyork     ows  usrevolution     o15  globalchange  usdor  the99%  99percentrtwelcomeoccupycolumbus  occupyohio     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtrtanonymous  occupywallstreet  call  action     usrevolution  globalchange  o15  newyork  wallstreetrtwelcomeoccupyslc  occupysaltlakecity  occupyutah     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     occupytogether  usdorrtwelcomeoccupygainesville  occupyflorida     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtwelcomeoccupymichigan     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdor  the99%  99percentrtwelcome    occupynewyork  occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  globalchange  usdor  the99%rtalabama nypd arrests child nypd hundreds arrests marchers brooklyn bridge  inc...   usrevolutionrtmiami 1%  expect oct 15th.  usrevolutionrtmaking waves | dylan ratigan  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  o15  15oct  usdor  usrevolution    viarttrendsmap proves scary  twitter  censorship  occupywallstreet trending topics     takewallstreet  usrevolutionrtwelcomeoccupycleveland     occupyohio  ows  usrevolution    o15  occupytogether  usdor  the99rtwelcomeoccupycolumbus  occupyohio     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtrtformer google executive obama raise taxes fb.me/ah1l2wvf   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtelpaso  urgent   nypd thugs arresting children/protesters brooklyn bridge   occupy wall str...   usrevolutionrtoccupywallstreet  usrevolution news?rtwelcomeoccupycolumbus  occupyohio     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdor
rt  occupywallstu.s. government approved $40 billion worldwide private arms sales 2009   occupywallstreet  owsrthoax sis name twitterrtput vaseline arms  slip outta nypd grip.  opesr  fss34rtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetyes  do. smoke co alarms carbon monoxide invisible & poisonous gas kill.rtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreeti ve seen him. arms  short.<<< media team  opwallstreet   thanksrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtpolitical pandering lying public  corporate welfare &lobbying  secret arms deals. stop. join  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtpolitical pandering lying public  corporate welfare &lobbying  secret arms deals. stop. join  occupywallstreetrthoax sis name twitterrtwoah. rtif name arms arrested  please call nlg 212 683 2490  owsi liked avideo   occupywallstreet protesters locking arms beingrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetjohn carlos arms black power salute  68 summer ... michael keeffe ...rtwoah. rtif name arms arrested  please call nlg 212 683 2490  owsrtrtif name arms arrested  plz call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtgrim read remote control killing u.s. ~ drone arms race coming soon
rtchase $4.6 mill 2 nypd "2 safe" ceo dimon. gc cops enforcers 4 wall st. crime bosses?  occupy wall st. 4 proofchase $4.6 mill 2 nypd "2 safe" ceo dimon. gc cops enforcers 4 wall st. crime bosses?  occupy wall st. 4 proofrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesnypd risk seen enforcers wall street  mayor bloomberg seek resolution.n.y.p.d.’s ‘white shirts’ enforcer rolenytimes ‘white shirts’ police dept. enforcer role"n.y.p.d.’s ‘white shirts’ enforcer role"  (via&)int nyt ‘white shirts’ police dept. enforcer rolert"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesundercuts attempt nyc 2 actions official policy=$ 4 lawyers:nypds ‘white shirts’ enforcer role:rtn.y.p.d.’s ‘white shirts’ enforcer rolertn.y.p.d.’s ‘white shirts’ enforcer role   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  mywallstreetrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesn.y.p.d.’s ‘white shirts’ enforcer role   commanding officers  "white shirts " active ...rt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesdying escape trio inmates run commit suicide tombs amberg  ruthless enforcer jew...n.y.p.d.’s ‘white shirts’ enforcer role   commanding officers  "white shirts " active ...n.y.p.d.’s ‘white shirts’ enforcer role   commanding officers  "white shirts " active ...rtchase $4.6 mill 2 nypd "2 safe" ceo dimon. gc cops enforcers 4 wall st. crime bosses?  occupy wall st. 4 proof

rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt“15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdor”rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet15 boy & 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdor money=resultsrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt*smh* rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt*smh* rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet .rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrt*smh* rt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrtrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet
needsoftheoccupiers rtwe wireless hotspot de la guerra plaza asap..anyone???? thanks guysrtthe occupy wall street journal indesign expert help location (west 14th st) asap  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrttrenton gas generator asap  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtplease asap   cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdorrtoccupywallstreet urgent 2 honda 2000i generators propane conversion kits asap    pls  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetfrom nightplease asap   cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdorrtrt trenton generator asap  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtplease asap   cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdorrtheads  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet severe weather incoming half hour. tarp asapsleeping bags asap  needsoftheoccupiersglobalrevolution  anonops  opwarmthrtrtplease asap   cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdorrtapparently legal help sfo stl occupations asaprttrenton gas generator asap  needsoftheoccupiersvery  read asap   “"a proposed list demands  occupywallstreet"  ()”pls send link media asap. save video utube deletes it.rtrtplease asap   cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdorrtheads  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet severe weather incoming half hour. tarp asaprtrtplease asap   cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdorrtplease asap   cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdorrtrtplease asap   cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdorrtrtplease asap   cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdor
rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetlobbying fine us.  occupywallstreetrtnew york finest   occcupywallstreet   bloomberg explaining do...proof cops breaking law   nypdrtat kenzo  ceremony founders define what’srtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasi enjoy  surprisingly. am reading delusions gender cordelia fine.rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.we cant  occupywallstreet labeled democratic  2 party system dsnt  dnt media define usrtmy god   700 arrested  occupywallstreet protest. 700      owsabsolutely chilling.  forget finest america heroes. workwww.thebrooklynwall.orgrtat kenzo  ceremony founders define what’sat  occupyla  camper fine supplies    immediate donations  occupywallst  occupysfrtdefine "irony" labor unions joining  occupywallstreet protest low pay  withholding jobs & corruption.  tcot  tlotplease hippies pay huge fines.  occupywallstlol  rtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist cameras flic.kr/p/ars6unrtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetumbrellas fine  tarp them. tarp umbrella ~ nypd  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  ows
rtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtows mtsources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movement.rtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movement
rtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter...rtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger ha… (cont)rtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtrtcurrent report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue.  helicopterrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverswag rtqueens 178 pl & baisley blvd. home invasion robbery. nypd looking 3 black males  (cont)"current report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue.rtcurrent report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue. helicopterqueens *update* armed robbery walgreens; francis lewis & hollis ave.  nypd level 1 mobilization. 2 males guns  bags faces.queens 178 pl & baisley blvd. home invasion robbery. nypd looking 3 b/males  1 wearing ups uniform. level 1 regards.rtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east rivernypd spokesman paul browne "we ve victims this" // right... defenceless females maced coward coprtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverrtnypd female passengers critical condition  males stable  female passenger died helicopter crash east riverwhere pretty females? tv hippies hippsters. beautiful people infront uglypplfolowrt@ 77 precinct twenty males in. 5 & food water bathroom  occupywallstreetcurrent report 1 male pilot stable condition  2 adult females critical  1 adult male stable  searches continue.  helicopter
hermancain blames class economy. apparently  jesus complex.zola jesus video zu "vessel"rtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetplease watch. excellent video byrtobama brown skinned anti war socialist...youre thinking jesus  occupywallstreet  viartthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtyes  days ago mtunknown armless man?  jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetyes  days ago mtunknown armless man?  jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreeta medical reason giggle.  praisebabyjesus rtlaughter found effective alzheimeris jesus montero finished yankee already?rtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetoh jesus  line ...rtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetarrestee name jesus guadalupe. aarticle
rtfake occupy wall street site   links bp   owsp2  p2bmy social summary   (w/&)rton wednesday  moveon.org organize huge  online  occupywallst. ll tweeting links. infortif re trying sense  occupywallstreet  3 links hacktivism meets wall st.  by(1/2)please share links. funds  benefit kids. thanks.rtoccupywallst links locked teamsters   sothebys  teamsters  1urtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtbe careful  spambots tweeting malware links using  occupywallstreet hastag  spread word  watch clickrton wednesday  moveon.org organize huge  online  occupywallst. ll tweeting links. infortas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrton wednesday  moveon.org organize huge  online  occupywallst. ll tweeting links. infortas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtoccupywallst tag research tools forward relative quarterly links dayrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linksrtbe careful  spambots tweeting malware links using  occupywallstreet hastag  spread word  watch clickrtbe careful  spambots tweeting malware links using  occupywallstreet hastag  spread word  watch clickrtoccupywallst organized fall dry run fall election disrupt.
great crowd tonight.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet labor solidarity tomorrow professors.[news] piero weiss nyt obituary james oestreich wrote obituary peabody conservatory professor ams ...bad timing?? rtnyc professor dies 3 days winning nobel prize bit.ly/nyrl3b  newyorkcityrtderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80hey  occupywallstreet genius professors training 365 000 cashiers degrees  gp  ows  p2  tcot  tlotrtderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80rtwill online?professor richard d. wolffwill speaking @  ows weekrtrip derrick bell  law professor racial advocate  dies 80  quit harvard law protest hiring practicesrtmy econ professor  occupywallstreet.  howyouknowyou rerightrtoccupywallstreet law school professor & ex criminal defense attorney remaining silentmonaeltahawy rip derrick bell  law professor racial advocate  dies 80  quit harvard...  .quebra pau em wall street  nypd desce porrete estilo tucano contra professor.derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race th...derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race theory ” mr. bell t...mustread derrick bell  law professor racial advocate  dies 80 story  mr. bell described ...rtprofessoryounger  diverse  teaparty  listen music.derrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80 pioneer “critical race theory ” mr. bell t...i am college professor. stupid ignorant twit. mom gravely ill. ha.quadrilhas ameaçam escolas mexicanas professores dizem "basta"  extorsão de professor; humilhação ducderrick bell  pioneering harvard law professor  dies 80
rtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstjpmorgan donates 4 million nypd protests. scared much?  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyrtbrooklyn bridge shut due arrests protests. hear live report democracynow   occupywallstreetrtbrooklyn bridge shut due arrests & protests. hear live report   occupywallstreet /viart8pmet onbernie talking withabout  occupywallstreet protests.  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstsome articles condescending  nyt msm "barometer"  occupywallstreet protests. archivesome articles condescending  nyt msm "barometer"  occupywallstreet protests. archivertthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrt8pmet onbernie talking withabout  occupywallstreet protests.  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. th… (cont)rt8pmet onbernie talking withabout  occupywallstreet protests.  occupywallst  takewallstreetrt8pmet onbernie talking withabout  occupywallstreet protests.  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtbrooklyn bridge shut due arrests & protests. hear live report   occupywallstreet /viartthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrt8pmet onbernie talking withabout  occupywallstreet protests.  occupywallst  takewallstreet
rt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstrtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rt1970 3%  congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykst   fascismrtrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdorrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtrt1971   175 lobby firms dc.  1985   2 500 firms. 2009 13 700 registered lobbyists dc.  usdor  oct6rtdoesn matter vote  left   ll pwnd corporate lobbyists   change   ows  occupywallstreet  occupyozrt1971   175 lobby firms dc.  1985   2 500 firms. 2009 13 700 registered lobbyists dc.  usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rtthe "job creators" don help. corporate welfare personal lobbyists.  fb  occupywallstreetrtrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdorrtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykst2010 170 former  congress  lobbyists   usdor  occupykst  corruption  corporatocracy  militarism1970 3%  congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykst   fascismrtoccupywallstreet   financial services employ 3000 lobbyists~more 5 congress.  p2  p21  tlotrtfec doesn require lobbyists report fundraising event co sponsors raise > $16 000 each.   usdor  occupykstrt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstrtrt1971   175 lobby firms dc.  1985   2 500 firms. 2009 13 700 registered lobbyists dc.  usdor  oct6rtrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdor
rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>   humanrights ?rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rtrt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.  occupywallstreet live >>rtanonops 700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >> h...rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>anonops 700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >> h...rtrt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>rt700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>
lirr svc temporarily suspended directions penn station & jamaica & atlantic terminal & jamaica. @ cbsnewyork.comoccupywallstreetew. “if lirr  head penn station. closed due crowd conditions time.”rti ve met marine fifteen duty marines heading protect occupation police.  occupywallstreetagainst trend towards  smart city ;   smartest cities embrace openness  randomness & serendipityhey nypd lucky  occupywallst peaceful protest. imagine people lead traffic  penned rioted.rtrtstudent held 10 days charge banner drop suspended university bi… (cont)"the smartest cities ones embrace openness  randomness serendipity". "not smart cities"  / ccrtugh rtservadv lirr  head penn station. closed due crowd conditions time.also  wall street occupennial   occupywallstoccupywallstreettesting disease  penny  using bits paper   quantifiedself  singularityrtinjustices continue ? mt nytimes  bahrain court hands harsh sentences doctors protestersrtrtnypd chant "the world watching"  metaphor.  occupywallstreetrti cold ill  occupywallstreet. warm coat  medicine  cuddle  hot coffee. america be.lirr update   eastbound service resumed penn station babylon  huntington ronkonkoma. t...   bkfollow journolaurie penny statesman field  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrti cold ill  occupywallstreet. warm coat  medicine  cuddle  hot coffee. america be.bear pennsylvania battles black bear   own living roomrtrtviartcouple  protesters  badges move crowd ...trust  bad there. rtis barricade people coming penn 1 2  3?  lirr  nypd
rtbeautiful rtheymy love note human mic. tinyurl.com/65ntq4anaomi klein quote re occupy  occupy   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtcan wait  rtthis wed   occupywallstreet welcomes  newoccupier. ll talking thurs  openforumrtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtmy visit  occupywallst sound voices echoing park night beautiful. space alive w/ideas + anticipationrtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtmy visit  occupywallst sound voices echoing park night beautiful. space alive w/ideas + anticipationrtrtdown  ows  occupywallstspeaks. readrtsen. jeff klein loko   updated | york daily newsloonverschil tussen mannen en vrouwen vs door de economische crisis kleiner  nytrtthe naomi klein  occupy quote folks  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet      occupywallstreetinsane ambulance getting public bridge  youneedtoshutup  ows  coopthashtagsnowrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreet ...rtnaomi klein  occupywallstreetrtdown  ows  occupywallstspeaks. readrti true. noonrtthe naomi klein  occupy quote folks  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthis insane   rttotal arrested  occupywallstreet protest brooklyn bridge 700 wapo.st/qxqexirtoccupywallstreet start own newspaper. help"it drving nypd crazy paint guys hooligans. denying " ~ naomi klein  owsrtat"nypd revealed paid mercenaries jp morgan."

lirr svc temporarily suspended directions penn station & jamaica & atlantic terminal & jamaica. @ cbsnewyork.comlirr update 2   limited service running eastbound atlantic terminal jamaica. lirr upd...   bkrtrtthe 1:28 pm oyster bay due jamaica 2:24 pm canceled due ...“a lightning strike knocked signal system west jamaica station  affecting lirr branch service”rt:lirr riders trains running betw jamaica  penn station  & atlantic terminal.servadv lirr suspended b/t jamaica & penn station atlantic ave & jamaica due weather related signal problemsrtlirr service west jamaica remains suspended due lightning strike near jamaica. expect significant delays.servadv lightning strike knocked signal system west jamaica station  affecting service b/t penn & jamaicaa lightning strike knocked signal system west jamaica stationrtnyc transit cross honoring fares subway line penn station jamaica.  expect significant delays.a lightning strike knocked signal system west jamaica station affecting lirr servicea lightning strike knocked signal system west jamaica station affecting lirr branch servicea lightning strike knocked signal system west jamaica station  affecting lirr branch serviceaccess limited time. lightning strike knocked lirr signal system west jamaica stationaccess penn limited time. lightning strike knocked lirr signal system west jamaica staaccess penn limited time. lightning strike knocked lirr signal system west jamaica stationrtlirr customers e/j/z subway jamaica access limited eastbound service. subway cross honoring fares 34 st pennrtlimited lirr service operating jamaica east. expect significant delays.rtlimited lirr eastbound service restored atl term time.  service penn station jamaica remains suspended.rtlimited eastbound  lirr service restored atlantic terminal jamaica approx 6:15.rte/bound service restored  operating hourly ronk  hunt bab branches.  w/bound service west jamaica remains suspended.
rtrtthere 15 outside midtown north precinct  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.caught tape shooting outside brooklyn mcdonald        "he nypd released security camera video  bra...rtrtthere 15 outside midtown north precinct  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtshocking video attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonaldrt79 bystander outside barber shop killed stray bullet copsrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtamazing dozen nypd officers  horses  outside  nocomment exhibit  unable shut down. 23 wall st  owsrtrtthere girl little hula hopping led hoop  outside drum circle. 6 nypd watching  smiling.  occupywallstreetrtnever   starts look harder vote outside w/an absentee ballot.rtnever   starts look harder vote outside w/an absentee ballot.occupywallst crazy   luved min  remember time luv strangers outside church    leggobacklit crew outside studios  sticktoweathervideo attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonaldbloomberg deputy patricia harris calendars released outsiders  years’ worth calendar entri...man cops quickshocking video attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonalddropping ball. story outside windowblindersshocking video attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonaldthe usa queues outside soup kitchens incredible $300m day war  afghanistan  stopthewar  occupywallstreetwhy people sleeping outside tonight  nyc   occupywallstreetrtshocking video attempted murder teen outside brooklyn mcdonald
rtrtrt"frances fox piven "we desperately popular uprising united states"  occrtrt"frances fox piven "we desperately popular uprising united states"  occrtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtrtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreetrtrtrt"frances fox piven "we desperately popular uprising united states"  occrtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtrtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreetrtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtplease rtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtrtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrta desperately delusional fox news claims occupy wall street growing  viaourwallstreetdesperately seeking according poll released week pew research center  unlike 2007  ...rtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstplease rtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtrtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreetrtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstdesperately seeking   nytimes.comrtrtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrt"frances fox piven "we desperately popular uprising united states"  occupywallstreet  "rtwe desperately coming wall street.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtfrances fox piven "we desperately popular uprising united states"  occupywallstreet
rtto follows  support occupy?  ows  occupymn  occupymn  takewallstreetminneapolisoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnrtto follows  support occupy?  ows  occupymn  occupymn  takewallstreetminneapolisrtjust awesome conversation cab driver minneapolis  occupymn . stay strongoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymn  demsoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnrtoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  ourwallstreetplease   occupymnoctober 7th 9am  federal reserve building  minneapolis  mn.  takewallstreetplease   occupymn
rtthe cops earning pittance compared white collar criminals.  occupywallstreetrtthe cops earning pittance compared white collar criminals.  occupywallstreetrtthe cops earning pittance compared white collar criminals.  occupywallstreetrtthe cops earning pittance compared white collar criminals.  occupywallstreetundercover brother nypd collaring street robber  deepdeepundercoverrtthe cops earning pittance compared white collar criminals.  occupywallstreetrtthe cops earning pittance compared white collar criminals.  occupywallstreetoh meant money pay fed tuition grants loans. nice  occupywallst future white collars piss awayoccupywallst  factual flyers 4 police pensions/ benefits privatized  blue collars sideusdor pls factual flyers 4 police pensions/ benefits privatized  blue collars sidertthe cops earning pittance compared white collar criminals.  occupywallstreetrtthe cops earning pittance compared white collar criminals.  occupywallstreethe lieutenant  sergeant. bars collar.rtoccupywallstreet  counterfeitsecurities  toxicderivatives &  whitecollarcrimes ? people prison ? rich.rthe lieutenant  sergeant. bars collar.video panicked  nypd causing chaos  brooklynbridge. white collar cops aggressors again.   occupywallstreetwhat wore lola burstein rykiel’s parisienne style   lola burstein rykiel bib collar dress.nypd blue collar... talk thier union reps  dont yell "facist" themnypd fdny transit metronorth concrete ironworkers teachers blue collar unions shut citiy downnot re angry nypd.  re enemy.  blue collar prob all.rtas life  w/whitecollars=problem/mtvideo nypd whiteshirt punches  occupywallst protester
ny bus workers   union suing  nypd abusing authority buses  ows paddy wagons   bloomberg5 paddywagons 5 dpw trucks 10 markd cop cars 5 unmarked  occupysf   occupypolicestate  occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011rtknow awesome  occupywallstreet video team is? broadcast live paddy wagonswhole world watching paddy wagons / wall cops  live   occupytogether   occupywallstnyc  anonymousrt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers islan… (cont)rt“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rtrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreetrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge. (via)  occupywallstrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island (cont)rttransport workers union goes court stop nypd using mta buses  occupywallstreet paddy wagonsmust art appreciation day nypd «nypd rolling ten vans  paddy wagons suvs wall st (cont)rtnypd rolling ten vans  paddy wagons suvs wall st  nocomment art underway. clue re planning  owsrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreetrtby nypd  load paddy wagons head count  don call bodies citizens     occupywallstreet“as 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreet”rtrtas 10 paddy wagons  20 prisoner  dispatched rikers island bridge.  occupywallstreetby nypd  load paddy wagons head count  don call bodies citizens     occupywallstreetrtrtoccupyseattle getting shut spd paddy wagons & cop cars arrest protesters. rtmtheads portland >> rtwe surrounded police & paddywagons.  stand solidarity  occupyportland
rtoccupywallstreet mass arrests brooklyn bridge. news networks?rtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentdo speakers planned discuss federal reserve system works?  occupywallstreet  endthefedrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percent
rtsolidarity  occupywallst. re spirit streets manchester uk  occupymcrrtsolidarity  occupywallst. re spirit streets manchester uk  occupymcrrtsolidarity atlantic  30 000 protest manchester 2day. rich pay crisis   occupymcr  occupywallstrtsolidarity  occupywallst. re spirit streets manchester uk  occupymcrmurnaghan chances  skynews &  bbcnews24 ignore play  manchester demo   occupywallstreet ?rtsolidarity  occupywallst. re spirit streets manchester uk  occupymcrrtafter  love mcr   inspired nyc.  occupymcr inspired  occupywallst.  nowtsoriginalrtrt rtoccupy manchester october 2nd tory party conference   ff… (cont)rtsolidarity  occupywallst. re spirit streets manchester uk  occupymcrrtjere longman  ny mets  manchester city.  +>   mcfc  eplrtus  york...what nypd doing? 35 000 people march manchester  england  arrest  yesrtassemblies starting squares manchester   occupymcr  occupywallstreetrtsolidarity  occupywallst. re spirit streets manchester uk  occupymcrrtpeople begun assembling  manchester  uk  albert square   occupymcr  occupywallst  cdc11rtanyone music video shooting manchester weekend? viartthe tories aren welcome manchester  ll march | tom fox  via.that bewho demolish grade ii listed manchester painted ls lowry?   stirling2011that park hill urban splash  spoiled ii* building?  demolish gd ii manchester (made famous lowry)and urban splosh park hill  tom b. demolish grade ii manchesterrtoccupy manchester october 2nd tory party conference   ff (cont)rtgosh  centre  manchester filled road blocks this.  torycon  occupymanchester
rtoccupywallstreet protests sparked hundreds events onrtmashable  blog  gains clout social mediamashable  blog  gains clout social mediamashable  récit une success storywe re aiming clout   checkrtmashable  blog  gains clout social media   nytimes.com  viamashable  blog  gains clout social mediamashable  blog  gains clout social mediamashable  blog  gains clout social mediartoccupywallstreet protests sparked hundreds events mashable  occupywallstre...social media news site gains clout mr. cashmore  soft spoken chief executive mashable  b...rtmashable  blog  gains clout social mediartsocial media news site gains cloutsocial media news site mashable gains clout via york timesmashable  blog  gains clout social media mashable  news web site focusing world ...rtoccupywallstreet protests sparked hundreds events onmashable  blog  gains clout social media mashable  news web site focusing world ...mashable  blog  gains clout social media mashable  news web site focusing world ...rtfeast eyes onthe pluckininspired sexy chickenlove  smile hahaeen gelukkige illustratie niet  ceo mashable "we zijn nu belangrijker dan charlie sheen"
rtprotesters brooklyn bridge held crossing lanes. wall st picks pockets  goes scot free   occupywallstreeti crowd blocked halfway crossing bridge though.:great pic wedding couple crossing paths w/ occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests). twitpic.com/6tn9gdrtif nypd stop bridgecrossing attempt 2cordon block walking  occupywallstreetrt“great pic wedding couple crossing paths  occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests).immigration upended | crossing  mexican immigrants repeatedly brave risks resume lives uni...rtarrested crossing brooklyn bridge opinion? rtpolice saying hundred arrested.  occupywallstreetrtows nypd kettling broadway prevent protesters crossing onto wall streetrt“great pic wedding couple crossing paths  occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests).nlg observer reported 3 arrested bowling green  crossing street  7 reasons ...rtunbelievable  via18 arrests  vianlg crossing street  occupywallstreetimmigration upended | crossing  mexican immigrants repeatedly brave risks resume lives uni...crossingpaws ... frommanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped.rtnlg observer reported 3 arrested bowling green  crossing street  7 .rt“great pic wedding couple crossing paths  occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests).rtarrested crossing brooklyn bridge opinion? rtpolice saying hundred arrested.  occupywallstreetrtgr8 pic wedding couple crossing paths w/  occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests).arrested crossing brooklyn bridge opinion? rtpolice saying hundred arrested.  occupywallstreetcrossing fingers riot portland tonight  loot  occupyportland  occupywallstreet prizesrtgreat pic wedding couple crossing paths  occupywallstreet protesters bridge (before arrests).when  explained crossing guard cops supply drop park in
boy’s killing  labeled hate crime  stuns towndelaware mom bridget wismer busted selling baby boy 54 ...rtin  09   teaparty focused public ire fed gov  obama.  12   occupywallst  focus ire wall st posterboy romney.rtmy boygonna al jazeera tomorrow  occupychi  occupywallst politicking.  famousfriendsrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdorrtsan francisco 49ers hand eagles loss; lions stun cowboys bengals ...rtmtdoes information name 12yo girl arrested brooklyn bridge?  ...rtrt15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 5...rtteen girl stabbed death school lunchroom ex boyfriend copsrt"j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd"   occupywallstreet  usdor viaprotests swell  bahrain boy death   nytimes.com   usa  eu  uk  canada  australia  usis help  occupylaanonymous  usdorrt“15 boy 14 girl cuffed arrested  nypd 18th precinct 54th street  occupywallstreet  usdor”news  bad enuf kid ... frmr ny gov patterson stepdaughter busted beating boyfriend bottle     fbrtfrench   revolution televised   tous les outils pour suivre  occupywallstreet   davduf|net   usdorrtoccupyseattle protest westlake center  usdorp2  ows  occupywallstreetprobably idea  publicize 12 yr name/identity...just thought...yes  am   hope family/friends  arresting 12yr protestor shamefulrtgreat photo protesters brooklyn bridge   occupywallstreet  usdorrt"there vulgar woman dresses inappropriately age."   carine roitfeldrtare mad house boy  barack  proven america liberalism  bigfail ?  occupywallstreet
occupysuny anngry students nabbed attention top university albany officials studentrtcnn <  bed parking spot meter feeding meter kids sleeprtoccupywallstreet truly effect change  grab voter registration cards folk registered vote  obama2012  ows  p2and b/c  jpmorganownstwittershares & bribed  nypd attack protestors expensive equipment meant  owsdemon crackberry   york daily news   unplugged charged blackberry   aptly dubbed crackberry ...rtgiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulseinside  war  dubbed mr. bentley. thailand  campaign purify internet royal insultsi  disturbed that. rtirtteen stabbed death home bronxrtpolice search thugs choked  robbed livery cab driversrtteen girl stabbed death school lunchroom ex boyfriend copswhy tag nyc that? lol "elderly attacked robbed bronx   newyorkcity"rtinvaderzim girl grabbed  kneel ground  cuffed  arrested. twisted  nypd.   occupywallstreetbtw  nyt reporter andrew ross sorkin "in bed" rich hedge fund friends nights.male prostitute sell  owsi woke 3:38 am looked term "meme" & lead steve jobs. idea   occupywallstreet day &  bed.or self absorbed. "if don support   occupywallstreet  probably aren paying attention."stood rain cuffed 3 hours saturday.. ve bed sick then. damn nypd     occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows.chickens born bred bedroom apartment couple local food ...   york daily news   agnewsso proud ofwe re  course  herethe people united  willnotbedefeated.rtnypd white shirt grabbed   save oncoming car. protected + served.  owsand news....serial pooper florida nabbed   ows
rtoccupywallstreet medics duane reade tried buy water bandages. rti am capitalism & 20 million children starve death  try buy house ego  occupywallstreet  owsrtyou buy civil power donuts $4.6m j.p. morgan chase   usdor  nypdrtoccupywallstreet medics duane reade tried buy water bandages. rtrt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" viausdor  rootstrikers  ocupywallstreetrtyou buy civil power donuts $4.6m j.p. morgan chase   usdor  nypdrtyou buy civil power donuts $4.6m j.p. morgan chase   usdor  nypdi buy pocky protestors  doesn love pocky?  pockyforprotestorsrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrti ve dropped 40 lbs jan removing processed foods  junk food & fast food diet. reject corp labels & buy local.  usdorrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtthe  occupation smart refusing create leadership  buy   owsviva la revolutionrtthe police banker buy  nyc police foundation.     occupywallstreetgreed happens. u.s. buys 2 cans coke  coke 311 million dollars occupywallstreet  owsrtu buy policeforce underestimate volunteer spirit america   occupywallstreetrock gracertwhy?? rtoccupywallstreet medics duane reade tried buy water bandages.yeah. regard togood luck w/that bashing occupiers. ain buyin   ain alone.  usdorrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrt76% rep 85% dems opposed citizens united decision corporate ability buy elections key   usdorwtf?occupywallstreet medics duane reade tried buy water bandages. rtrt<> sleeping liberty park  buy warm socks?  occupynyc
pr9anthonyryan fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012pr9anthonyryan fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012a goodbye excess louis vuitton kate moss feathery mini. alexander mcqueen silk dress for...rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtr2d2  fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012
rtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet"be encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet"rtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet"be encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet" <•••  motivationformeeertbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet
rtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetit ten 9/11. al qaeda around?rtrtbeating  alqaeda 10  strategy  terror evolve    ct   powerfulpeace.netrt"design comes latin verb *designare* trace  describe plan."  byrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetal qaeda loses merciless bombmaker u.s. attack notorious al qaeda explosives expert own br...u.s. $10 million bounty al qaeda leader iraq washington   u.s. slapped $10 million b...piece role awlaki campaign al qaeda leadership.rtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrt"design comes latin verb *designare* trace  describe plan."  byrtnotorious al qaeda explosives expert brother human bomb killed u.s. strike yemenrt"design comes latin verb *designare* trace  describe plan."  byrtoccupywallstreet spreads 70 protests planned following weeks  occupytogether   ourwallstreetrtmedical (wall street) aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetal qaeda loses merciless bombmaker u.s. attack
rtnypd arresting child  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest   viaobama statement steve jobs..?  address  ows protests immediately.  usdorrtadded flyer   occupythenation  occupywallstreet  otn  ows  usdor  occupywallst brooklyn bridgerteven  nypd added wall shame  name badge     ows  otn  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  usdoradd  occupy_seattle website adbustersoccupywallstreet | proposed list demands (please help edit/add submitted...)   takewallstreet  owsrt“police tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreet” / wtf?  insane  singing<<< norquist  criticized anti   tax pledge >>>an obviously true nypd coward cop   atlantic  viartwe 99%       occupywallstreet  maddowtaliban using modern means add sway  .  afghanistan  cellphonertrt rtnow address donations  occupydenver 1550 larimer st. box 224 denver  co 80202rtrtrtpolice tell singing jail add charges  occupywallstreetrta shout atfor supporting  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtanother officer added nypd wall shame   otn  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupythenation  usdorrtnytimes bankers revolutionaries   j4201ertnypd spokesman paul browne protest led department assign additional officersrtnypd arresting child  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest   viacellphone service available handful underground subway stations; 30 addedtaliban using modern means add swaynorton security identifies occupywallstreet.org threat  bs add review site      occupywallstreet
rt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   ows"and sincerely believe   banking establishments dangerous standing armies"  thomas jefferson  occupywallstreetrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsthey gone mace respectful establishments  imagert"i sincerely believe...that banking establishments dangerous standing armies"    thomas jefferson  1816rt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   owsrt respectful establishments  image local solidarity   ows
rtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtmarine vet posted reddit saying 15 headed  occupywallstreet dress blues shield protestors.lol  rtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist cameras flic.kr/p/ars6unrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist cameraspeoples  mic  libertyplaza now. mighty roar erupts. course action.  occupywallstreetrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasgood ya rtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasrtdamn  look  occupywallst anti consumerists  mighty fine capitalist camerasseems acorn     mightybranchingoaktomorrow   occupyeverywherei teaparty people whack  christalmighty  read mess.
needsoftheoccupiers. actually yoga mat. lol. prayer rug anyone??rtyes  rtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsthank retweet didn expect that. walking crazy cute dog mine 2 watch minute.rtoccupywallstreet media umbrella base stat.  needsoftheoccupiersstate health department  continues throw money window  controller ... kathleen lucadamo stat...rtthere myriad  tinychat.com private chatrooms hostrtrt1) nonviolent action speech  matter what. zero tolerance violence.  8rules viaoccupywallstreet  p2your anon news  vianeed start spitting nypd that.rtyes  rtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsi  disturbed that. rtirtyes  rtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsloved that.. musicians thing..rtrtsix reasons  occupy  revolution difficult co opt defeat.   occupywallstreetliputan :  jurus nypd memata matai pemimpin islam (1) republika.co.id  new york   harian york time  saat...rtoccupywallstreet protests american cities? that.  occupyvancouver? srsly? gtfoh.unions join wall street protest march thousands union workers joined protesters marching downtown manhat...wall st. protests cost $2m police ot nypd thursday weeks anti wall street demonstrat...wall st. protests cost $2m police ot nypd thursday weeks anti wall street demonstrat...rtrtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owshope great.post pictures fla feel rick scott landrtright nypd appears arresting child bear ears hat.
rt“700+ arrests.  photos >>      occupywallstreet”so happens overtime $$$ spent nypd bankrupts city government?  owa  occupywallstreetrtkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ...   york daily newslyrics appeal fellow class warrior.plse rtrtwowee  media team 350 people trapped 75 arrests  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreet  globalrevolution  usdorrtthis happened saturday  occupywallstreet   usdorrtshare democracy appearance widely  occupytogether  usdor  takewallstreet  occupydc  antibanksrtif information happened bridge please text me.  takewallstreetrtit appears nypd encouraged protestors car lanes brooklyn brdg surround & arrest  viartprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ... anjali mullany occupy..."nypd appreciate support ll ours afterwords  occupywallstreet" commerce adverse sponsorrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtnon western medicinal raw garlic  ginger  tea tree oil  bavarian meat  raw apple cider vinegar  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtcatalogo de genialidad rtstevejobs  apple patents  1980s computer ios based devicesrti underestimating  occupywallst themselves disappointed.rtfirsthand account fromstaffer trapped brooklyn bridge  suspect arrested.  occupywallstreetrt apply  occupywallstreetthanks thecoverage...  police willing arrest ppl happened w/tparty guns. why?rtan  occupywallst pic worth 1k words w/capitalism  w/multiple laptops  phones & snappleu.s. government approved $40 billion worldwide private arms sales 2009   occupywallstreet  owsrtrtprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe 2 communicate anonymously   ows
rtoccupywallstreet declaration occupation york city   occupywallstreet  sep17 // ...rtmsg marketplace gambling (long term invest only) fee participation economic system  occupywallstreetrt star tribune 1 1/2 weeks occupation   takewallstreet  occupymn  ows  ourwallstreetis connect directly various occupations?  needsoftheoccupiersmake occupations  needsoftheoccupiersrtmsg marketplace gambling (long term investment only) fee participation economic system  occupywallstreetrt"take  occupywallstreet seriously"  & "occupation wall street trifling matter"   usdorrtthe occupation spread boston  denver  la  san fransisco  seattle.  99percent  occupywallstreet   occupytheworldno..  arrests occupation place.rtunions rally wall street occupation  |  p2  1u  union  occupywallstreet  unions  topprog  tlot  occupywallst  owsrtgiabo  opesr >>  civildisobedience =  /  reoccupation =   ourwallstreet/  oppulseus day rage   day rage horizontal mesh occupation tactics  usdor  occupywallstreetus day rage   day rage horizontal mesh occupation tactics  usdor  occupywallstreetrtmy visit  occupywallst sound voices echoing park night beautiful. space alive w/ideas + anticipationrtolbermann calls msm "media blackout" wall street occupation    takewallstreetrttaking america occupation time  power people  ows?? ?????  rally ?????????? ??? ?????. «???????? ????????? ???????? ?»  opposition  libertysquare  occupation  yerevan  sep30sharunakexactly  rtdeclaration occupation york city   occupywallstreet  sep17busy day involved occupations   don sit anymore organizing occupy adelaide   owsno mrktplace gambling (longterm investmnt only) fee participation economic system  occupywallstreet  antibankfreedomplaza occupation meets pepper spray air & space museum is.gd/3r6kqr  oct6  occupydc  occupykst  occupydc  october2011  usdor
rta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdor.have called national lawyer guild yet?   ph. (212) 679 5100 pls arrests  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdormassive union voted wall street protesters  yes growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdora massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorhas rush yet?no word  occupyphoenix yet? stand united hereoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorbtw; foryet? deny  happening  relevant  reportrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorcan  occupynytimes yet? theto shift blame? 20 minutes.    occupywallstreetrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdorrta massive union voted wall street protesters  yes  growing. scared yet?  usdor
rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi day. day commit ourselves  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?rttoday gandhi birthday. day 2 commit ourselves 2  occupywallstreet movement?  when?
movie review |   ‘the ’ directed emilio estevez — reviewrtmovie review |  joy  ‘my joy ’ directed sergei loznitsa   reviewrtvideotaping nypd videotaping us. movie   owsvideotaping nypd videotaping us. movie   ows  viais real? ‘arrested development’ movie  tv episodesmovie review |  road freedom  ‘the road freedom ’ directed brendan moriarty — review “the road t...rtmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesrtvideotaping nypd videotaping us. movie   owsrtspread word students participate largest student walkout 10/5/11/ 12pm  occupycolleges  occupywallstreetrthere arrested development movie & tv episodes  explained mitch hurwitz nyer festival.producers "black swan" sued   interns    ballet  blackswanmoviertvideotaping nypd videotaping us. movie   owsrtthe disgusting movie created release sequel.  thehumancentipede2    comm240rtthe movie "inside job" required watching occupy wall street protesters  ourwallstreet   occupywallstreetpromises  arrested development  movie  tv episodes  //rtfinished watching "inside job"   occupywallst happening? watch movie.stuck home? free anti 1% music movie watch comes undone   occupywallstreet 395dish takes netflix online service movie rentals.do movie this?yankeeball?    >yankees win valuable franchise world title forbes listmovie review |  sarah palin betcha   ‘sarah palin betcha ’   reviewmovie review |  sons tennessee williams  ‘the sons tennessee williams’ — review
awesome “this amazing tribute genius jobs viasteve jobs’s patentsrtcatalogo de genialidad rtstevejobs  apple patents  1980s computer ios based devices_only_ hundreds seventeen rtsteve jobs’s patentsrtsteve jobs’s patents. infografía interactiva   stevejobs viartwired.com homepage absolute beautiful steve jobs homage. alsointeractive feature 317 patentsrtexplore catalog  stevejobs  apple patents  1980s computer ios based devicesdeath inventor. steve jobs’s 317 apple patents.steve jobs’s patentsrtsteve job patents   said..brutal les patents que ha mogut aquest home   appleblokscat  mossegalapomasteve jobs patents. handily collated nyt.rtsee impact steve jobs interactive guide 313 apple patents name rip.steve jobs’s patents  cuál será el futuro de  apple desps de la muerte  steve jobs ?sin duda fue un geniortsteve jobs 317 patents  beautiful browseable graphic the. amazing.rtexplore catalog  stevejobs  apple patents  1980s computer ios based devicessteve jobs’s patentsrtthis nice.. “steve jobs 317 patents  beautiful browse able graphic...   viasteve jobs’s patents   stevejobs  inventorwill  amazon buy  palm  patents?rtsteve jobs 317 patents  beautiful browseable graphic the. amazing.rtcatalogo de genialidad rtstevejobs  apple patents  1980s computer ios based devices
rtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet nypd really??? unlawful brutality  kettling..against peaceful protestors? learned nothing? expect   sept17nypd heard little called america re told re free?  really? girls bike half?rtrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?   ows  takewallstreetrtrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?   ows  takewallstreetoh really? info?rtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtreally? holly madison insures fake breasts $1mrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreettwitter censoring trending  occupywallst. really? stop looking mom is?“full video  nypd bringing chainsaw arrest woman bike.   occupywallstreet” //chainsaw? really?oh really?  mean wall street actually left taxpayer money treasury demand?  occupywallstreetrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtreally? answers please rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreetrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?  ows  takewallstreet...really?  occupywallstreet  brooklynbridgertrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?   ows  takewallstreetrtrtrtare nypd trying kettle arrest 20k protesters? really?   ows  takewallstreet
rtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13listen up“rtcome 2 theprotest tonite & (cont)rtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm onsrti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rtcome 2 theprotest tonite & live spot doing msnbc @ 8pm ons   occupywallstreetrti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13
thanks using quote..very relevant days seems..rtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstnaomi klein quote re occupy  occupy   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtgandhi – (we quote often. there’s lessons us.)   ronpaul  tcot  tlot  peace  occupywallstreetrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtattributing quote tj? ? rtfuckyouwashington "when injustice law  resistance duty" tjrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstthis dfw quote pretty sums core  occupywallstreet  right?thought quote fit goal. "one generation abandons enterprises stranded vessels." ~thoreaurtthe naomi klein  occupy quote folks  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet      occupywallstreetrtccrt"the dwell misfortunes power harm us."   voltaireoccupywallst "be change wish world" (gandhi quote). hope movement growing  world wake up.rtteller a.t.m. hybrid takes banking rural india  story   thanks vikas quote : ))liu xiaobo   york times quotes nobel peace prize winner love poem  published asia literary review.rtthe naomi klein  occupy quote folks  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe naomi klein  occupy quote folks  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe naomi klein  occupy quote folks  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet      occupywallstreetthe naomi klein  occupy quote folks  viaows  takewallstreet  occupysanjose  99percentrt"the ruins  war story us."  tom engelhardt  quote  occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallst
check video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viaafsocs   "occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes"  p2  anonymous  ows  unionrtmaking fortune poverty jp morgan food stamp business   occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes"red coat"   nypd detective occupy wall street protests   pastebin.com |viaoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild  nypd officers motorbikes videortmarching streets boylston street. 4 police motorcyclist way.rteveryone  occupywallstreet stay safe warm today...  takewallstreet  owsoccupywallstreet   nypd attacking protesters motor bikescheck video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viartupdate total 93ppl arrested  occupywallstreet today...  anonymous  news  takewallstreet  cabincr3wmarching streets boylston street. 4 police motorcyclist way.newser takes evolve motorcycle spin $3g  clean ride won ...  beautiful motorcycle c...check video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viartconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guardsrtplease  ows  occupywallstreet "manifesto nation" (video) eric allen bellrtnypd cops motorscooters roll  ows protest honking horns  arrest protester  streetrti sorry  nypd ride middle  ows protest march motorcycles swinging chains? shot?rtfull video nypd leading protesters motorway brooklyn bridge   nyc  occupywallstreet  700 pleasefull video nypd leading protesters motorway brooklyn bridge   nyc  occupywallstreet  700 pleasertnypd vans  motorcycles   occupywallstreet  ows
rtows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakertfake occupy wall street site   links bp   owsp2  p2b& don  aja fake figures “700 arrested  occupywallstreet protest demonstratorsstarbucks sells $85 shirt fake coffee stain; alexander wang ... talk haute coffee.starbucks te...rtows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakertows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakeanother fake crisis manufactured radical republicans advance ideology  regardless human costrtows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakertfacebook faker caught trying trick teens sex  viartows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakethat fake war blood fuel money machines. time free world parasites.““pls note @ occupywaiist (capital ii s) fake account. please useows  usdor””rtows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fakerthowtomakeitinamerica bet fake money fake money worth fake money tomorrow.  ourwallstreetrtows hijacked     occupyearth   occupythenation     fake.starbucks sells $85 shirt fake coffee stain alexander wang    haute coffee latte lunacy? nydn.us/oqzhovahahahahaha  laugh day  : )  andreaurbanfox  lizalvisfakey  fb  tinfoilhelmets  edldo getting howled laughter at? *snigger*  andreaurbanfox  lizalvisfakey  fb  tinfoilhelmets  edldo matron bans watching dr who? ;  andreaurbanfox  lizalvisfakey  fb  tinfoilhelmets  edltoo close truth twisted minds?  andreaurbanfox  lizalvisfakey  fb  tinfoilhelmets  edlrtreally? holly madison insures fake breasts $1m
rtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtbreaking news jp morgan $4.6 "palace largesse" nyc public schools. kidding folks   nypd guard freertthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreet
rttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrtthank youfor help streaming live.rtmsnbc lawrence donnel michael moore live.  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreetrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrthellomore 20.000 people watching world     watching live.  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrtthank youfor help streaming live.rtthank youfor help streaming live.rttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdordon forget 2 tune  daytimewdonna @ 2pmest hear actor  esai_morales live. nypd blue.rtin fast gentrifying bed stuy  celebration black settlers  www.mydreamalive.comin fast gentrifying bed stuy  celebration black settlers  www.mydreamalive.comenid alvarez/news  www.mydreamalive.comrtjohn carlos arms black power salute  68 summer ...  www.mydreamalive.comjohn carlos arms black power salute  68 summer ...  www.mydreamalive.comrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdor
rtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help. police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help. police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stay
nypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetthis article micro 4/3 cameras.rtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetbravest ppl st saturday nypd ppl pull video cameras.  occupywallstrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetrtrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters cameras.    occupywallstreetrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetrtbravest ppl st saturday nypd ppl pull video cameras.  occupywallstrtbravest ppl st sat nypd ppl pulled video cameras.  occupywallstrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetrtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet rt...everyone damn cameras. pet bo dog camera face.rtnypd taking tarps protect independent reporters  cameras.    occupywallstreet
rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove ...  nytrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerny times yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drov...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six ...yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six ...yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openeryankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six o...yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove six ...yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener   nycrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener
rtif ny times story correct  entrapment nypd.  occupywallstreetcop 780 arrests today.  nypdentrapmentrtwowee  media team 350 people trapped 75 arrests  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreet  globalrevolution  usdorrtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)rtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)rtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreet  theyarescaredrtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)rtfirsthand account fromstaffer trapped brooklyn bridge  suspect arrested.  occupywallstreetrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtwhite shirts  look brownshirts. nypd  occupywallstreet  usdor brooklyn nypd direct peaceful trap & arrestrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetwatch  nypd stops traffic  escortsonto bridge  stops  pens arrests them. entrapmentrtrt . spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtyour report  nypd led protesters onto bridge entrapmentrtand thank you4 reporting accusations entrapment.morning campers   > adoro el saludo lo  día de la marmota  (film  atrapado en el tiempo ) de: )nyc fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding. 3:27:03 pm viamt:predict nypd brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet arrests thrown entrapment literally seein video pied piper marrtprotesters brooklyn bridge held crossing lanes. wall st picks pockets  goes scot free   occupywallstreetthis democracy? nypd  occupywallstreet protesters onto brooklyn bridge  lead roadway  trap nets arrest them..rti uploaded video  nypd sets trap @ brooklyn bridge testimony person arrested
deportation force nadia & mom leave  including....   immigration  dreamactrtupdate nadia & family receive temporary repreive deportation  viaimmigrationteen facing deportation reprieve queens teen facing immediate deportation bangladesh minu...teen girl mom deportation family suitcase packed  queens teen facing deportation...city council takes ice deportations mayor bloomberg  city council set bi...thanksfor rtnadia & mother temporary reprieve  deportationrtminorities afraid  occupywallstreet cia/nypd ho threatening  terrorist  deportation.deportation force 19 mom leave  ... habib set report mo...deportation force 19 mom leave  ... mother allowed...teen facing deportation reprieve queens teen facing immediate deportation bangladesh minu...fatal accident focus deportation program deval patrick defensive resistance federal...city council takes ice deportations mayor bloomberg backing…fatal accident focus deportation programfatal accident focus deportation program death police involved illegal immigrant dri...rtfatal accident (in mass) focus deportation program  /viartrtlaw expected york city hamper inmate deportations   immigration  nycfatal accident focus deportation program death police involved illegal immigrant dri...queens college student facing deportation reprieve immigration officials review"update nadia & family receive temporary repreive deportation  viaimmigrationqueens college student facing deportation reprieve immigration officials review   york daily n...city council crafts bill protect immigrants deportation rikers island   york daily news city co...
jpmorgan millions nypd. happens. jpmorgan brings billions twitter.  occupywallstreet isn trending. correlation?rtjp morgan invests fund acquired $400 million worth shares twitter. wonder  occupywallstreet isn trending?rtjp morgan invests fund acquired $400 million worth shares twitter. wonder  occupywallstreet isn trending?rthow  occupywallst trending twitter. bullshit. kudosfor shutting brooklyn bridge  giveemhelland met twitter.  occupywallstrtjpmorgan millions nypd. happens. jpmorgan brings billions twitter.  occupywallstreet isn trending. correlation?rtjp morgan invests fund acquired $400 million worth shares twitter. wonder  occupywallstreet isn trending?rthow  occupywallst trending twitter. bullshit. kudosfor shutting brooklyn bridge  giveemhellupdate. rtthat name 2 4 twitter. account name isplease join intelectual gathering  tell  occupyseattle occupywallstplease join intelectual gathering  tell  occupyseattle occupywallstwhy twitter censoring top twitter trends?  ain  twitter.   occupyhouston  occupywallstrtjp morgan invests fund acquired $400 million worth shares twitter. wonder  occupywallstreet isn trending?rtjp morgan invests fund acquired $400 million worth shares twitter. wonder  occupywallstreet isn trending?rtwow  jp morgan chase donate  nypd.  invested 4.5million twitter.   occupy  owswish political engagement w/  occupywallst twitter. start discussing politics  99% rhetoric.rtjp morgan invests fund acquired $400 million worth shares twitter. wonder  occupywallstreet isn trending?rtoccupywallstreet shouldn live country source real news twitter.   revolution  msmfailrtsources tell uspressuring dept homeland sec quash  ows mvmt. fb pg twitter.  p2nyattention twitter... anonymous declared "war" nyse response violent nypd (cont)rtjp morgan invests fund acquired $400 million worth shares twitter. wonder  occupywallstreet isn trending?
encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail .  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet"be encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet"rtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet"be encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet" <•••  motivationformeeertbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet
in serious culture change  systems thinking  smart compromises lost decadeshifting suburban paradigm lake flatothinking homes key future suburba...rtif ve spent amount time "thinking" aboutbad  begun us.  ows 99% & growingi thinking time begin networking  ucf  valenciacollege locally begin demonstrating flif re thinking trying raise funds oncheckout read |  kickstarterrtheythis bystander fence. thinking help  occupywallstreet. shame. enough.you  thinking dangerous traitor   occupywallstreetrthey. hope re thinking trying shit  nypd bay occupied. won you.  occupytortrtthe msm thinking didn report  occupywallstreet ha  look a...rtthe msm thinking didn report  occupywallstreet ha  look a...rtto remind & preserve revolution thinking sweeping world  video camera protest. upload & share  usdorwhy shade thrown tho? rtjay  thinking  moving brooklyn  pricesoccupywallstreet"what don people capable critical thinking" ~ george carlin. criticalrtif ve spent amount time "thinking" aboutbad  begun us.  ows 99% & growingrtobama brown skinned anti war socialist...youre thinking jesus  occupywallstreet  viartfor thinking local protesters  please check   needsoftheoccupiers send care packages.is greeks thinking? europe crisis begun   autocrats eurocrats?rtthe msm thinking didn report  occupywallstreet ha  look 24 hoursi wonder  barackobama thinking now?  ows gaining serious momentum?that idea.& thinking joining  wlfdatingservice run bywlfrtrtwe  occupyearth reclaim live free economic bondage.  takewallstreet
rtwhen  occupywallstreet bums aren throwing hissy fit streets  busy occupying mom basement.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.nypd cops disciplined throwing football kid.  bad apples beat kids protect crooks    owsrtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.raissman  joe  throwing bombs  according radio moles  representative call...rtrtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins //rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.the epic 1:04 taking hat  nypd officer throwing hero   occupywallstreetrtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rthope bloom erg rtthe arrests  stronger get.  nypd throwing water gremlins.  occupywallstreetrtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins."gremlins"  appropriate  rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rtrtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins //
rtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadrtrapper jim jones pleads guilty driving suspended license nycputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadrtoccupywallst leads bbc world newsrtformer president jimmy carter pleads money wipe guinea worm dracunc..rtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadgriffin neal  son actor ryan neal  pleads guilty drug gun ... nancy d...rtoccupywallst  ocupy warning   short url sent dms leads fake twiitter login page   hijack accountsrtoccupywallst  ocupy warning   short url sent dms leads fake twiitter login page   hijack accountsrtthis  entrapment looks nypd leads protesters onto brooklyn bridge   occupywallstreetdrunk steals ambulance chicago  leads cops wild chase ... nina mandell 37 wa...putin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadrtrapper jim jones pleads guilty driving suspended license nycrtoccupywallstreet beck occupy wall street “only destruction ” “leads gas chambers ” ...rapper jim jones pleads guilty driving charge harlem rapper jim jones pleaded guilty thursday driving hi...rtnypd leads protesters astray & arrests shouldn t. happening now. watch  >   letusgooccupywallstreetbronx leads poverty  include them. welcome bus americaputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroad russians dismayed vladimir v. putin’s plan...rtrtrapper jim jones pleads guilty driving suspended license nycrapper jim jones pleads guilty driving suspended license nyc "pop champagne" hip hop star paid a...dtn usa n.f.l. roundup freeman leads buccaneers third straight victory josh freeman’s 287 yards passing an...
rtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic (cont)rtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic youtu.be/xpomldvaxzcrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtreally? answers please rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrt  witness cops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrto donnell msnbc 8pm tonite. live. yesrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreetrtwitness  ok rtcops beating peaceful protesters tonite. warning graphic   occupywallstreet
rtcrucial tradition martin luther king jr.   occupywallstreet protesters practiced nonviolence.espn permanently removes hank williams jr.  monday night football  obama hitler comparison   fbrtif re trying sense  occupywallstreet  3 links hacktivism meets wall st.  by(1/2)helmo alert country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama ... celeste katz ready s...rthank wiliams  jr. compares obama hitler. idiot.hank williams jr. bounced tonight game hank williams jr. won ready football monday n...rtespn dumps hank williams jr.  monday night football  obama hitler comp..hank williams jr. bounced tonight game hank williams jr. won ready football monday n...rthank williams jr. apparently obama white people death camps.rtespn tells daily news pulling hank williams jr. tonight monday night football broadcast  breakingnewsrthank williams jr. apparently obama white people death camps.rt video hank williams jr. compares pres hitler. morons gather  foxnews   foxliesafter comparing obama hitler foxnfriends  hank williams jr. dropped monday night footballrthelmo alert      country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama to... adolf hitler? ..hank williams jr. dropped permanently ‘monday night football’rtespn tells daily news pulling hank williams jr. tonight monday night football broadcast  breakingnewsrthank williams jr. compares president obama adolf hitler interview fox an..hank williams jr. compares barack obama adolf hitler   hank jr hank sr   wiunion  connecttheleft  wiprog  p2listen dick head. hank williams jr. likens obama hitler  tell nfl fire ass      wiunion  connecttheleftrthank williams jr. apparently obama white people death camps.rta.c. nielsen jr.  transformed research firm  dies 92
answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy m...  |nytpharmacy blog answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts adv...answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no...answering questions p.s.a. testanswering questions p.s.a. testummm. re answering questions.answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no...rtanswering questions p.s.a. testanswering questions p.s.a. testanswering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no...rtpres. ter petrosian answering questions interactive rally conference  libertysquare  armenia  nstacuyc  revolutionnytimes  health answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advisi...nytimes  health blog answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel expert...well blog answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising hea...pres. ter petrosian answering questions interactive rally conference  libertysquare  armenia  nstacuyc  revolutionanswering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising health...   healthreadanswering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts ad...nypd answering protesters batons.   occupywallstanswering questions p.s.a. testanswering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no...answering questions p.s.a. test news influential panel experts advising healthy no...
president barack obama warren buffett rule taxes doesn measure   york daily news york daily n...rtnyc assembly exposed communist agenda  presstorm.com/blog/2011/10/0…  occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  tcotrtand tyanonymous threatens  erase nyse internet   /viaows  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  15ortthe diversity food  occupywallstreet impressive. mango chutney matzah.  sep17  takewallstreetrtbruni christie i’d prefer fat pres. 1 who’s constantly darting closed doors makeup touchhow times gorge bush compared helter. didn seen reaction press all.the double standards press stop.a comment rude denagrading stoprt“much police car.  occupywallstreet simple expression anarchy anarchists.”afphqrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtto declare movement socialist needlessly limit themselvesanyone aware protestors weekend? doing presentation culture counter culture.so 4 freedom expression speech  demamding egypt  libya syria  ect. told  stop complaining   occupywallstreetrtfor occupy wall street  condensed sentence:"our government represents majority people. ourwallstreetthe wealthy elite oppressive government control fear collective power poor  occupywallstreet  owsend war  expose & slavery  prosecute genocidal regimes  preserve earth  digital modern constitutionsome individuals impression am afraid revolution & tell join   occupywallst didn read tlvideo bobby kennedy speech humanity  viawise words relate day  occupywallst. rtso nypd pulling guns w/ swat team   mr.president? remember alabama?rtthank representing concerns  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet congressman representing me.rtvideo   bank america refuses customers close accounts   takewallstreet  ows   usdor  tws  occupywallstreet
plumbers  union (?) berates jewish  occupywallst via laborunionreport.com   video ...clear channel names pittman chief “iheartradio illustrates pandora feature versus a...clear channel names pittman chief “iheartradio illustrates pandora feature versus a...clear channel names pittman chief “iheartradio illustrates pandora feature versus a...clear channel names pittman chief “iheartradio illustrates pandora feature versus a...clear channel names pittman chief “iheartradio illustrates pandora feature versus a...rtas west celebrates awlaki’s death  mideast shrugsrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstthe kltv ticker scrolled tonight weather report mentioned boa taking heat increasing rates  credit  occupywallst 99%occupywallst   pirates emperorstoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstthe protocols screening types cancer success rates remission continue altered.these panels cause increase death rates cancer patients. months ago breast cancer.....rttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtplumbers’ union (?) berates jewish  occupywallst    tcot  lur  1u  unions  p2rttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstfrench woman kidnapped somali pirates disabled 66 french woman held captive somali p...court sentences protester death dubai  united arab emirates (ap)  bahrain special security court thurs...french woman kidnapped somali pirates disabled 66 french woman held captive somali p...
rtupdate 4 people rescued east river helicopter crash; 5th person searchedty  jan giving said; 21 dogs homeless  again; street dogs husband rescuedrtwlfrtty jan giving said;we 21 dogs homeless  again; street dogs she/ husband rescuedrtrtanipals  animals  wlf  dogs brazil. urgent help needed... street dogs rescued... giv… (cont)pair deer rescued near verrazano bridge  /via<<feed hungry  ?rtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viapolice report finding woman vanished east river chopper crash  1 hour+ pilot & 3 rescuedrtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd via“udate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd (cont)rtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartupdate 4 people rescued east river helicopter crash; 5th person searchedrtupdate 4 people rescued east river helicopter crash; 5th person searchedrtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartbravest rtmembers 7  rescued helicopter crash  inc.  fdny ff robert lopez (3rd rt) twitpic.com/6v86zirtrtfour rescued  missing helicopter crashes east riverrt5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viaworldnews udate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viart5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartupdate 4 people rescued east river helicopter crash; 5th person searchedudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd via
rtrtlightning rain stop  occupywallstreet. marchingrtwoooooo  rtlightning rain stop  occupywallstreet. marchingrtlirr service track following lightning strikelirr suspends service lightning strike island railroad temporarily suspended service man...rtlirr suspends service lightning strikertdeveloping island  ny railroad suspends service lightning strike damages systemmarch  people  rtlightning rain stop  occupywallstreet. marching"lirr suspends service lightning strikededication <3 “lightning rain stop  occupywallstreet. marching ”holy lightening   rtcity l.i.r.r. service knocked lightning strikertrtlightning rain stop  occupywallstreet. marchingrtdeveloping island  ny railroad suspends service lightning strike damages systemrtdeveloping island  ny railroad suspends service lightning strike damages systemrtlightning rain stop  occupywallstreet. marching“a lightning strike knocked signal system west jamaica station  affecting lirr branch service”rtrtlightning rain stop  occupywallstreet. marchingrtdeveloping island  ny railroad suspends service lightning strike damages system“lirr service knocked lightning strike   nightmare   gotta love thert"lirr service knocked lightning strikelirr service knocked lightning strikelirr service track following lightning strike
rtthe daily mail epically failed amanda knox  pix  occupywallstreetrton wednesday  moveon.org organize huge  online  occupywallst. ll tweeting links. infoooo snap rtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakingthissss rtdeveloping judge amanda knox freedrtjury overturns amanda knox murder conviction   breakingamanda knox murder conviction overturned jailed american exchange student amanda knox pleaded freedom ...amanda knox murder conviction overturned ordeal jailed american exchange student t...kercher family stunned knox verdict amanda knox burst tears verdict overturning murder co...amanda knox hit  tsunami  lawyer amanda knox lawyer rhetorical overdrive thursday a...amanda knox arrives italian court 24 knox looked tense entered packed courthouse. she...amanda knox jury deliberates insists innocence jailed american exchange student amanda knox pleaded for...tv networks fight rights interview knox amanda knox biggest news interview ...kercher family stunned knox verdict amanda knox burst tears verdict overturning murder co...knox receives offer porn amanda knox offered job porn industry  tmz reports.between nypd cops  amanda knox  troy davis  beginning bill james system evidence idea.rtmy favorite  occupywallstreet demand  11. "debt forgiveness all...debt entire planet period."rtremind ppl arrested tea parties...rtabout 400 arrested  police say.  occupywallstreet.amanda knox trial woman lawyer italian media ruined knox ... corky siemaszko amanda knox aw...troydavis rtrtitalian appeals court thrown murder conviction amanda knoxrton wednesday  moveon.org organize huge  online  occupywallst. ll tweeting links. infofor amanda knox  reputation major issue
rtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay stronanyone livefeed  occupyseattle ?  ows  occupywallst  occupythenation solidarity.rtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtamazing. thousands thousands foley. march starting. solidarity.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyrtrtwe send love support neighbors atwe stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetin solidarity.  rip mohamed bouazizi  occupywallstreet  jan15rtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtrtrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay stronrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetall occupiers mass love  solidarity.  haiku  poem  poetry  occupywallst  occupydc  occupynola  occupyla  occupyyrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreet
rtrtoccupywallstreet " it"  own lucky & inherited it? shld pay taxes  occupywallstreet"this world beautiful corporate greed destroy it"agree misused character "grit" rtliked  secret success failure?rt"this world beautiful corporate greed destroy it"rtoccupywallstreet. "made it" own lucky &all inherited it? shld pay taxes  occupywallstreetprobably "quit" quit bankers shit together.seeing child arrestedrt"this world beautiful corporate greed destroy it""occupywallstreet. "made it" own lucky &all inherited it? shld pay taxes" ....rtoccupywallstreet. "made it" own lucky &all inherited it? shld pay taxes  occupywallstreetthat video guy riding bike lanes traffic encouraging rioters jump wall & "take it" (the bridge)  occupywallstyou re right. dems sneer  occupywallstreet   "it serious didn organize it" etc. snots.rt4 folks wondering   sifuabs = awesome sign @  occupywallstreet reading "shit fucked bullshit" nailed itrtof course. "companies immigration crackdown profit"   doomedculturerta essay  read "think  occupywallstreet phase? don it"occupywallst organizer quit  "too amped arrested development pissed banks" & home "revisit" season 1 dvdsrtof course. "companies immigration crackdown profit"   doomedculture"bro gonna argue alright it" eric cartman  cart.mn/cvwgmv  occupywallst  tcot  teaparty  gop  p21"we dont keys  ll break it" ratm  occupywallstreet  p2  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet. "made it" own lucky &all inherited it? shld pay taxes  occupywallstreetrtat misspellings yesterday s"gate" "gait" (m. dowd)  "then" "than" (p.1). depressing.flouting law  pastors politics   "the political pulpit"
rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.zero bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrtrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. n...rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.rt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetrt0 bankers arrested purposely crashing economy. nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreet
rtoccupywallstreet nypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours   p2  lgbt  gay  equality  nyc  dem  noh8rise lions slumber/in unvanquishable number/shake chains earth dew...ye   few.   occupywallstreetok  cops chainsawed little girl bike half. trying trigger anger. beware   occupywallstreetwtf? nypd police bring chainsaw cut girls bike apart   occupywallstreet”rtnot change world..we changing it. break chains. fight evilrti sorry  nypd ride middle  ows protest march motorcycles swinging chains? shot?“full video  nypd bringing chainsaw arrest woman bike.   occupywallstreet” //chainsaw? really?rtoccupywallstreet nypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours   p2  lgbt  gay  equality  nyc  dem  noh8rtnypd chains transgender protester jail wall eight hours foul toilet  laughing   wtfrtows  usdor break chains capitalist   dump credit/debit cards  empty bank accts  close iras    break freertnypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours; verbally & physically humiliated   occupywallstreet  lgbtrtnypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours; verbally & physically humiliated   occupywallstreet  lgbt«occupywallstreet nypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours (cont)occupy wall street nypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours  vianypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours; verbally & physically humiliated   occupywallstreet  lgbtoccupywallstreet  occupydc  oct6  usdor  endthefed   slaves slaves long.  breakthechains  breakthebanks  nobailoutsnypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet nypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours   p2  lgbt  gay  equality  nyc  dem  noh8rtnypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet critics  real stores area? national chains? "free market" go? miss too.  usdoroccupy wall street nypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours  via
plays edward albee  eno  katori hall  kenneth lonergan athol ... key player raising buckets of...thanks tofolks waiting hrs midtown south greet cheers & mini thanksgiving bread  cranberries  & turkeyrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsshifting suburban paradigm lake flatothinking homes key future suburba...an amazing chant usa usa fdny & nypd hockey teams  isleshomeopenerrtltp key history demography  libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armeniartessential reading tho breaks wee ground.free media wld key “nyt christie team assessing 2012 campaign.rtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsconstruction jobs keystone xl pipeline  needsoftheoccupiers  owskey syrian city takes tone civil warsabre defense spray  nypd carries sabre  keychainrt76% rep 85% dems opposed citizens united decision corporate ability buy elections key   usdorwatch (video) john maynard keynes celebrates gold standard | by"great article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat seemeteorologist bill evans wearing hockey fights cancer tie sent bynhlrty day 700  occupywallstreet ers mass arrested. time nypd 2004 rnc (1 200)rtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorstake  wiunion  eat smart  easy balanced diet  food key  occupyadvicequestions  answers public vote please.   keystone xlrtwhere tea party protesting bank america 5 dollar debit fees? excessive tax public?  occupywallstreetrtwatch fox 5 news vegas ten pm tonight  march oct 6  occupylasvegas echo  occupywallstreet  takeyoursquare  takewallstreet
cabbie nypd delivered ultimatum punched  bitten passengerrti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rtwhat food wanted? deliver upcoming week. bet re sick pizza.  needsoftheoccupiers  teamoccupyyourmomrti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13car service deliver starbucks john bleeker street pizza.   needsoftheoccupiers  tcotrti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rttoo bad real world tweet  needsoftheoccupiers delivers i… (cont)rtneedsoftheoccupiers dads creditcard wifi hotspots dominoes delivery starbucks live bands ecstasy hey spring break.rtneedsoftheoccupiers dads creditcard wifi hotspots dominoes delivery starbucks live bands ecstasy hey spring break.we deliver stickers buttons logo design.   occupywallstreet  occupywallstrti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rthow food delivered  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupyboston?  food  foodiei nypd   york pizza delivery (260 palm canyon dr  amado rd  palm springs)rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rtoccupywallstreet  rt"bloomberg markets" magazine delivers slam dunk 15 (cont)rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13
rtplease  usdor "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallst" ericallenbell.orgplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtj.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd  .for laptops & security monitoring software.rtyou buy civil power donuts $4.6m j.p. morgan chase   usdor  nypdrtyou buy civil power donuts $4.6m j.p. morgan chase   usdor  nypdrt"j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd"   occupywallstreet  usdor viart.is true j.p. morgan donated $5 million nypd day 700 anti bank protestors arrested?rtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorrtyou buy civil power donuts $4.6m j.p. morgan chase   usdor  nypdrtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorrtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorrtnypd  accept  coffee & donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdor rtj.p. morgan seeking invest twitter lolrtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrturgent please "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd stop  occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorrtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorquelle surprise  “j.p. morgan chase “donates” .6 million nypd”  occupywallstreethow  occupywallst trending twitter?let answer j.p. morgan.rtplease  takewallstreet "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet"   ericallenbell.org
is real? ‘arrested development’ movie  tv episodesrtmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesrthere arrested development movie & tv episodes  explained mitch hurwitz nyer festival.promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodes  //ny times art news artsbeat blog mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodes...mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesyou seen rtarrested development  movie  tv episodes   :)mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesmitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesartyyyyyyeeeeeeeaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh  ‘arrested development’ movie  tv episodesbroadway blog  arrested development  movie  tv episodesthis   tastethehappy >> mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodeshot damn  arrested development movie (which knew) plus 10 episodes.new episodes arrested development? whaaat?oh em eff gee  happening   arrested development  movie  tv episodesrtarrested development  movie  tv episodesrt“if  occupywallstreet episodes entourage air trading hours.”rtso excited     mitchell hurwitz promises  arrested development  movie  tv episodesrthere arrested development movie & tv episodes  explained mitch hurwitz nyer festival.arrested development  movie  tv episodes   via
rtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtrt"during times universal deceit  telling truth revolutionary act."   george orwellrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyows  occupywallstreet protesters learned globalist revolutionary ideology teacher unions spending taxpayer money  tcot  teapartydavid  delacroix  revolutionary france    slide   nytimes.comrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisythe "occupy wall street" movement manhattan financial district revolutionary camprtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtthe "occupy wall street" movement manhattan financial district revolutionary camprtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guards“in usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisy”if  occupywallstreet frames argument democrats republicans election truly revolutionary.rtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guardsrtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guardsrtconfirmed   nypd attempt run protestors motorbikes   wow tactic iranian revolutionary guardsrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyoccupy  occupywallst occupy wall street affiliated professional revolutionary organization otpor (cia)
““severe thunderstorm warning60+ mph winds  (cont)rtthe logic  occupywallstreet protests severely flawed. consumers vote polls wallets.rtrtsevere thunderstorm warning60+ mph winds  hail reported yonkersrtheads  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet severe weather incoming half hour. tarp asapsevere thunderstorm warning issued nyc. strong winds hailreported.gil noble return   months suffered severe stroke  family wabc/ch....bikenyc wear helmet  mtsevere storm warning issued nyc   quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtrta severe storm warning issued nyc   quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtheads  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet severe weather incoming half hour. tarp asaprtof course happens day wearing alaia heels :i rtsevere storm warning issued quarter sized hail/60 mph windsrta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.severe storm warning issued 4 nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph windsrta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtrta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized (cont)severe thunderstorm warning60+ mph winds  hail reported yonkers by. batten hatchesrta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds. << nicecbsny severe thunderstorm warning effect 5 boroughs surrounding 12:45 p.m. @ cbsnewyork.comnytimes  health talk therapy eases severe schizophrenia  study study patients learn to...
rtoccupywallstreet targeting cops willb met w/force  zuccottipark ownrs sanitary conditions “unacceptable levels”   tcotrtows  usdor  anonymous  occupyseattle don moveon & dem. amer. sully name  99percent accepting supportrtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorrtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorrtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorhigh school university students  rise accept 99%.  studentuprisingusartnypd  accept  coffee & donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdor rtobama accept surtax incomes $1 millionrtrtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet accept $4.6 jpmorganchasertnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorrtwall st. execs themselves $18.4 million bonuses accepting bailout  recession   occupywallstreetcaused financial crisis bailout & victims cuts & layoffs. acceptable.  occupywallstreetrtoccupyadvice nypd accept food/drinks uniform appreciate offer. that.rtwall st. execs themselves $18.4 million bonuses accepting bailout  recession   occupywallstreetrtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorrtthose caused financial crisis bailout & victims cuts & layoffs. acceptable.  occupywallstreet  p2rtnypd  accept  donuts  occupywallstreet ... accept $4.6 j.p. morgan chase   usdorhey  occupywallstreet tell charities accept $416 million johnson & johnson donated yr  gp  p1  p2  tcot  tlot  cspjin support  occupywallstreet dept supply & command commanding charities accept corporate donations  gp  tcot  tlotrtallowing  nypd brutally beat & arrest protestors media unacceptable  occupywallstreet   world watchingrtwhat nypd beat protestors 4? b/c didn accept scraps hedge fund mgrs environmental destruction energy
been watching days   public access tv involved?new laws limiting access votersrtaccess ride driver left alzheimer& 39;s patient die  family man& 39;s body fou..queens woman blames death alzheimer patient father access ride york (cbsnewyork) — queens famil...reuters makes mention nypd giving  occupywallst protesters access brooklyn bridge roadway.rt10 ago steve jobs  bob hope  johnny cash. jobs  hope cash  occupywallstreetrt10 ago steve jobs  bob hope  johnny cash. jobs  hope cash  occupywallstreetaction_alert happily allow legit  occupy advise events & livetweet demos direct access account  occupywallstnew laws limiting access votersrussia it’s close joining w.t.o. russia’s accession w.t.o. key goal “rese...new laws limiting access votersonly facebook page & account plus blog.want equal access.~2gb archived ===>  thanks tocan ftp access avoid  memoryholertdespicable legacy gop mtnew laws limiting access voters   tcot  p2has viruses computer tried cause damage computer remote access at&t=evilrtnew laws limiting access votersnew laws limiting access votersnew laws limiting access votersdtn usa russia it’s close joining w.t.o. russia’s accession w.t.o. key goal ...pensioners bus pass nypd accessing crime scene.new laws limiting access voters
rtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtyou learn rules game. play else.   albert einstein  climatereality  occupywallstrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectors"great article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsfrightening information  rtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsthe tar sands pipeline divides jobs environment (polluting aquifers & climate change)rtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtthe ginormous task saving forests climate change & (video)  viawith deaths forests  loss crucial climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorswith deaths forests  loss key climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtgreat article + videodeath forests  key  climate protectorsrtwe’ve “new normal” i’m okay that.   climate  fbforests  crucial climate protectors  except attack.  albertaforestrya map organized climate change denial  byrtart gallery beijing focus  climate change
rtcatalogo de genialidad rtstevejobs  apple patents  1980s computer ios based devicesrtstevejobs se murió para desviar la atención de las protestas masivas anti sistema por todo eeuu  takewallstreetrtsteve jobs’s patents. infografía interactiva   stevejobs viaon twitter  reflecting legacy steve jobs   nytimes.com hashtag  stevejobslegacy  people t...hey nyc  ll live 4 onreporting apple hq passing  stevejobs.rtexplore catalog  stevejobs  apple patents  1980s computer ios based devicescongrats  rti times    rta collection tweets assessing  stevejobslegacyon twitter  reflecting legacy steve jobs   nytimes.com hashtag  stevejobslegacy  people t...rtsteve jobs  313 patentes. bill gates  9.   stevejobson twitter  reflecting legacy steve jobs   nytimes.com hashtag  stevejobslegacy  people t...rtin little  stevejobs news  nypd tells  occupywallst cost  $2m overtimestevejobs  people  care  takewallstreet  ows &   globalrevolution   design"stevejobs legacy "the poetic aspect entire enterprise " beyond commodity  poetic means businessoccupywallstreet 99% vilifies 1% majority 99% mourns loss 1%.  stevejobsripnever didn feel sad family. perspective.  stevejobs"hey  occupywallstreet   stevejobs ve $250 000 ve developed products iphone.”on twitter  reflecting legacy steve jobs   nytimes.com hashtag  stevejobslegacy  people t...rtin little  stevejobs news  nypd tells  occupywallst cost force $2m overtime (cc)the wall street protest "not" happening according media.  occupywallstreet  ripstevejobsturned ondetailing bio  stevejobs. up4 adoption. bet folks kicking themselvesmanifestantes colidem entre  occupywallstreet  stevejobs que pensam sobre steve jobs os manifestantes que p...
rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtjust heard fromthat city mayor+police "full support" occupation  nicejust received word fromthat city mayor+police commissioner "full support" occupation  nicertshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtjust received word fromthat city mayor+police commissioner "full support" ...rtrtjust received word fromthat city mayor+police commissioner "full support" ...show "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& dpainfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rt
so happens overtime $$$ spent nypd bankrupts city government?  owa  occupywallstreetrtrt"the isn government  bought government."  ows  occupywallstreet  takebackwallstreet  occupylartgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorrtrt"the isn government  bought government."  ows  occupywallstreet  takebackwallstreet  occupyla“gov shy pollie pay rises don  tribunal forcing  occupywallstrtyou live democracy? youtube told government remove protest videos    occupywallstreet  owsrtthe 6 branches government executive  legislative judiciary  pharma  oil & insurance.  occupywallstreetrtfor occupy wall street  condensed sentence:"our government represents majority people. ourwallstreetrtrttelephone company arm government  feds admit spy suit     ows  ourwallstreetu.s. government approved $40 billion worldwide private arms sales 2009   occupywallstreet  owsthe wealthy elite oppressive government control fear collective power poor  occupywallstreet  owsrtsallie mae sold $14 billion sec assets  (gov  ie guaranteed folks default govt)"capitalism dead capitalists killed it. corporatism. corporations trying govern  occupywallstreetrtabolish federal govt  seen  occupywallst placard. um   legislate capitalists hate?rtgopers  occupywallstreet government takeover corporations...wrong. throw corporations government.  p2rtfake occupy wall street site   links bp   owsp2  p2brtwe don facebook  hey  gov   internet works?   99percentrtgovernment corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdorits amazing lies continuously told governments kept rich poor footing bill  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallst protesters call totalitarian government  re election obama...   tcot  lur  twisters  p2government  warning  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  sept17  usdor  fuckyouwashington  via
current report fifth victim helicopter crash found  unknown condition.rtnfl  sports fifth remembering pete gent  wrote  north dallas forty  pete g...the fifth remembering pete gent  wrote  north dallas forty  pete gent able express words wh...fifth passenger east river chopper crash confirmed dead  readdtn usa fifth remembering pete gent  wrote  north dallas forty  pete gent able express in...dtn usa fifth fans raise glass al davis throughout day  die hard raiders fans converged ...rtrtcbs 2 reports fifth person  woman  recovered. word condition.rtrtcurrent report fifth victim helicopter crash doa.rtthe fifth hank williams jr. dropped  monday night footballnytimessports fifth remembering pete gent  wrote  north dallas fortynytimessports fifth fans raise glass al davisrtrtverdict reached amanda knoxoh no...:( hoped ok...rtfdny confirms fifth victim helicopter crash found deadcurrent report fifth victim helicopter crash found  unknown condition.current report fifth victim helicopter crash doa.generalstrike  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet<=== people america domestic enemies. fifth column radical kooks freaks.generalstrike  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet<=these people america domestic enemies fifth column radical kooks freaks & traitorsjob security? pga’s caddies getting fired  caddie joe lacava left fifth ranke...rtcurrent report fifth victim helicopter crash doa.fdny confirms fifth victim helicopter crash found dead  /vianypd fifth person pulled east river helicopter crash  breakingnews
rtbahrain   uk  york times bahrain court hands harsh sentences doctors protesters 16uk  york times  bahrain court hands harsh sentences doctors protesters 16rt“total arrested  occupywallstreet 700  mean  usa arrest  bahrain cannot?rtrt pls urgent msg frm  bahraini  citizen 2  obama  usa. heard abso  2 dialog hizbolla?rt"police forcefully grab    occupywallstreet  freedomofspeech" obama  bahrain??????? ?????? ?????? ?? ????? ??? ?????   bahrain  usa  occupywallstreetrtdoctors nurses stiff prison sentences   bahrain regime continues descent. plug pulling soon...rt700 arrested  nypd.  occupywallstreet peaceful protesters care ?  bahrainprotests swell  bahrain boy death   nytimes.com   usa  eu  uk  canada  australia  usnyt  protesters police clash  bahrain.rtnypd  occupywallstreet protesters blocked roads    bahrain arrested occupied manama & hospitalsrtnypd  occupywallstreet protesters blocked roads    bahrain arrested protesters blocking  mana&warheads    usartusdor nt suffer trolls  bahrain??????? ??????? ??????? ?? ????? ??????? ???? ???? ??? ??????    egypt  syria  yemen  tunisia  usdor   libya  greece  bahrainrtdoctors nurses stiff prison sentences   bahrain regime continues descent. plug pulling soon...court sentences protester death dubai  united arab emirates (ap)  bahrain special security court thurs...rt1000s arrested  occupywallstreet nypd reportedly punched  threw  stepped peacful marchers. taste own medicine  americartrt pls urgent msg frm  bahraini  citizen 2  obama  usa. heard abso  2 dialog hizbolla?rtuas plz gentle wallstreet protesters  listen double standards disgusting ppl   bahrain  occupywallstrtthis peaceful terrorists  bahrain    nycga  sept17rtno differentiate religions  bahrain   nycga  sept17
cute  hats sunglasses umbrellas junk evil capitalists..tsk tsk tsk   stupid  p2  occupywallstreet  gameonrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwe thunder  umbrellas ready   takewallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydenver plz ice ice ice  duct tape  scrap wood  sturdy supplies  nails  umbrellas shadertwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtoccupiers tabacco  umbrellas rain gears  donate please   occupywallstreet  usdoroccupiers tabacco  umbrellas rain gears  donate please   occupywallstreet  usdorrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetumbrellas fine  tarp them. tarp umbrella ~ nypd  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe thunder  umbrellas ready   takewallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydenver plz ice ice ice  duct tape  scrap wood  sturdy supplies  nails  umbrellas shadertwe thunder  umbrellas ready   takewallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtwould patio umbrellas  home depot lowes similar place.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtnypd allowing  occupywallstreet protesters tents  umbrellas  sticks prop tarps protect themselves rain
rt“700+ arrests.  photos >>      occupywallstreet”occupywall st.today september 30t photos 12160wall street protests zombie photo 12160rtyou  occupy wall street  photo  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtyou  occupy wall street  photo  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtphoto jpmorgan chase & co donates unorecedented $4.6 million nypd?if true  explains a...i reviewing babysitting options lol. week night?  :\rtstreet art colored sand.  washingtonsquare.  owsrtoccupy wall street shocking photos protester defecating police car    occupywallstreet   tcot  liberalsrthotel staff refused help stuck elevatorfinally 911to help. missed meeting won comp  nycrtthank god forhotel elevator emergency phone working.. stuck floors missed meeting refuse comp roommedia stuckhotel elevator emergency phone help staff finally goton cell helprtdear  nypd arrest  silencing own voices.  occupywallstreetrthey  nypd  apologize ppl pepper sprayed... mean  occupywallstreetrtdear  nypd... don pepper spray people vote raise  support collective bargaining rights  occupywallstreet"nypd appreciate support ll ours afterwords  occupywallstreet" commerce adverse sponsorsome cops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protester  via~werwinningrtrthere photo  // aforementioned arresteertrtdearcensorship = cool. plz tell blacking photos.   occupywallstre“occupywallstreetuphoto bridge?   nypd officers plz wake  don defend ya enemyrtif  occupywallstreet & footage  stories  photos opinions published onpls email content @ globalgrind . com
rtla policía saca por las malas 700 indignados del puente de brooklyn  maderada lo yanqui   takewallstreet  15mrtel chase hace la mayor donación la historia policía nyc  cuando estalla occupywallst    > casualidad? ccla policía saca por las malas 700 indignados del puente de brooklyn [video]   occupywallstreet  eeuu  noticiasrt100 policías se niegan actuar contra  occupywallstreet. igualito que aquí vamos...occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartgracias la policía de york. nunca habríamos podido pagar campaña publicitaria tan grande de cara al  15o.  globalchange  occupywallstrtgracias la policía de york. nunca habríamos podido pagar campaña publicitaria tan grande de cara al  15o.  globalchange  occupywallstrtla policía detiene más de 700 personas en la marcha del movimiento  occupy wall street    occupywallstreetrthay 400 detenidos dice la policía en  brooklynbridge  occupywallstreet dice  nytimes   15oct  15mmás de 100 oficiales de policía se niegan trabajar en apoyo al movimiento  occupywallstreetrtgracias la policía de york. nunca habríamos podido pagar campaña publicitaria tan grande de cara al  15o.  globalchange  occupywallstla policía de nueva york detiene 500 indignados por ocupar el puente de brooklyn   15m  occupywallst  acampadasol  nycrt más de 100 oficiales de policía se niegan trabajar en apoyo al movimiento occupy wall street   15m  acampadasolrturgente    eeuu departamento de la policía de nueva york confirma nbc 700 detenidos por protestas en wall street.  occupywallstrtla policía detiene más de 700 personas en la marcha del movimiento  occupy wall street    occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciacascanueces las protestas de wall street le tiran policías que desde el 2001 están bajo doctrina de ley patriótica  occupywallstoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciarepresión en ny  occupywallstreet  "el spray de pimienta ha sido utilizado de manera "apropiada""  según la policíaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia las imágenes muestran ...
rtthey sayis unorganized  feed protesters homeless  brothers sisters call bullshit  hoodrti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rtmsg marketplace gambling (long term invest only) fee participation economic system  occupywallstreetrtmsg marketplace gambling (long term investment only) fee participation economic system  occupywallstreetrtbanks customers pay debit card feertalright  nypd tough decision putting free donuts coffee time play nice     wearethe99rtcnn <  bed parking spot meter feeding meter kids sleeprtfacebook racism & sexism "pub banter"   occupywallst breast feeding violation tos.  fightfacebookrtpacking trip staal won packing bags join rangers sweden team announced loss in...rteveryone try record badge lawsuits. feel free tweet them.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetnypd manhattan precincts 1 23 citywide 1 3 live scanner audio feed  viaourwallstreet  takewallstreetrt“they money war feed poor.”   tupac shakur  sept17  occupyla  occupywallstreet  wallstreetcrimes  banks am worth 1%send nypd yesterday...i ball busted nypd time  feel good...and lmaortfeedingows stay  people caring people  changing world“bank america charge $5 monthly fee debit card   evil  evil  evil  evilstarbucks sells $85 shirt fake coffee stain; alexander wang ... talk haute coffee.starbucks te...sgp  dayofrage  dor  occupywallstreet  liberal  stupid  needsoftheoccupiers  news francesfxpiven putyour bib onu feeding uchantsdidfrancesfxpiven putyour bib onu feeding uchants lol  sgp  dor  occupywallstreet  liberal  stupid  needsoftheoccupiers  usefulidiotsdidfrancesfxpiven putyour bib onu feeding uchants lol  sgp  dor  occupywallstreet  liberal  stupid  needsoftheoccupiers  usefulidiotsdidfrancesfxpiven putyour bib onu feeding uchants lol  sgp  dor  occupywallstreet  liberal  stupid  needsoftheoccupiers  usefulidiotsdidfrancesfxpiven putyour bib onu feeding uchants lol  sgp  dor  occupywallstreet  liberal  stupid  needsoftheoccupiers  usefulidiots

rti guess jamie dimon 4.6 million "donation" nypd 500 arrests law abusing citizensi guess nypd trying 2 start riot probable cause ~ taunting power badge  gestapo  likertwall st donors | rtwho obama campaign money? guess.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tcoti guess  clicked through.  bad tactic  though. / ccrtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.yeah guessing nypd tactics backfire. hope peaceful. thanks updates. : )rtso  occupywallst govt favors corporations. business people govt them. guess means govt for... govt.rtand edited nyt article? guess  police guy   thanks out99percentwell mayor bloomberg  guess north korea offer political asylum soon... thanks coveringwow  occupywallstreet getting  guess nypd   navigation satellite glonass launchedrtand edited nyt article? guess  police guy   thanks out99percentoccupywallstreet attempts hide ron paul audit federal reserve guess happened?the honorable dr...rtguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.yeah guess block "offensive" hashtags trending. word mouthrtand edited nyt article? guess  police guy   thanks out99percenttypical conservative guess movement sponsored  koch brothers makes okwow  700 people arrested? guess re  occupywallstreet scare america lock american citizens    huh? o_o  exactlyrtguess "cash only" rtbanks customers pay debit card feertguess  nypd invent permit don  nocomment art show? sweat  re fine now.what hell happened 2 free speech?   guess ok 2 opinion tea bagger 4 foxnews.   occupywallstrtand edited nyt article? guess  police guy   thanks out99percent
rt???????????????????nypd blue??????????fbi??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????  kaigaidrama  wowoware nypd fbi trying frame anonymous  occupy wall street?  anonymous  occupywallstreet...rtare  nypd  fbi trying frame  anonymousrtdear  fbi +other law enforcement  nypd re aware history ofand  agentprovocateur  occupywallstreet  owsrtare  nypd  fbi trying frame  anonymousrtcorporations banks nypd cia  dhs  fbi protect amendment rights.  human beings?  usdorrtare  nypd  fbi trying frame  anonymousrtcorporate repression civic space nypd cia  dhs  fbi.  source?  corrupt elections.  civil military power usurped.   usdorare nypd fbi trying frame anonymous  occupy wall street?  anonymous  occupywallstreet...rtdear  fbi +other law enforcement  nypd re aware history ofand  agentprovocateur  occupywallstreet  owsrthank wiliams  jr. compares obama hitler. idiot.rtnypd fbi  trying infiltrate ows protest discredit it? buzzflash.org   occupywallstreet  occupyvancouver  owsrt    nypd & fbi trying infiltrate  occupywallstreet protest discredit  | buzzflashnypd / fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discreditfbi looking missing toddler kansas landfill fbi agents searched kansas landfill friday  connect...fbi probed model airplanes threat feds eye world model airplane hobbyists...rtcorporations banks nypd cia  dhs  fbi protect amendment rights.  human beings?  usdorrtare nypd fbi trying frame anonymous  occupy wall street?  anonymous  occupywallstreet...fbi raids computers   koch monster scott walker’s henchwoman     ows  usdorrtare  nypd  fbi trying frame  anonymousnypd "whitewash" internal investigations.  file civil rights complaints fbi justice dept.
nyc fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding. 3:27:03 pm viart"selfishness real atheism; aspiration  unselfishness  real religion"   fdr  occupywallstreetrtoccupy federal reserve launched is.gd/afdrbz  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupythefed  endthefed  ronpaulrtrtupdate police steering northbound traffic fdr east river helicopter crashrtu/d manhattan fdr drive & 34 st 5 people chopper  2 1 unconscious. harbor  scuba divers deployed. 3:34:05 pmrtbreaking fdr drive & 34 st   5 people helicopter. 2 1 unconscious. scuba divers deployed. (via)  nycrtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding. 3:27:03rtu/d manhattan fdr drive & 34 st 5 people chopper  2 1 unconscious. harbor  scuba divers deployed. 3:34:05 pmrtiphone app rats alleged queens thiefrtfdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal respondingrt"they unanimous hate  welcome hatred"   fdr   occupywallstreet  brooklyn  p2that shit crayyyyyy benji  smh re sending  fdr nowrtrtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal respondingrtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped.  nyc  emergencyrtcountdown guest host david shuster discusses occupation  freedomplaza washington d.c.  6oct2011.orgcrossingpaws ... frommanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped.rtrtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal respondingfwdmanhattan fdr s/b entrance battery tunnel 3 car mva involving nypd vehicle civilian pinned. hat ...rtrtfdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal respondinwhoa rtmanhattan fdr drive & 34 st confirmed helicopter water  3 people trapped. emergency personal responding.rtu/d manhattan fdr drive & 34 st 5 people chopper  2 1 unconscious. harbor  scuba divers deployed. 3:34:05 pm
michael bloomberg  occupywallst protesters misguided  ll  wall street protests allowed continuertoccupywallstreet  ows rtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told sta… (cont)rtfantasticfuntasticfantabulous  followrtrtandthe ones covering   occupywallstreet  ows  cdnpolirtroseanne barrfull max keiserinterview    usdor  occupywallstreet  economy  failedlaw  dr3dtax pledges lose allure eyes reform hundreds republicans signed  including six the...rtrtcitizens cell phones doing media won t.  ourwallstreet   owsrt.pants  huh? believe anyway. thanks driving home. | don believe media. eyes   99percentrthere list world  occupy movements     ourwallstreet  ows  occupywallstreetcdnpoli  canpolirthula hoop girl led hoops doing job. cop nearby caught eye  "cool  huh?"  occupywallstrtrthey  ows  re laughing stock.  hypocrites    occupywallstreet  takewallstreetfavorite    rthey  ows  re laughing stock. twitpic.com/6wbczq hypocrites   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtanonymous warning  nypd   vows  occupywallstreet  occupycanada  occupyrtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadnot music eye struggle. respect tortfastest. launch. ever. night.   occupywallst  occupywallstreet  indiefilm  hellacoolrtmy boygonna al jazeera tomorrow  occupychi  occupywallst politicking.  famousfriendsare followingrtslow economy benefits food trucksrtwill talk al awlaki killing onat 11:30am andat 12pm.rtqueens museum considers selling rooftop ad space eyes plane passengers
rt*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallstrti contacts  occupydc organisers asap al jazeera english   please touchrt*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallstrt*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallstrti contacts  occupydc organisers asap al jazeera english   please touchoccupyspokane  *  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallstoccupyorlando  *  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst*  letter occupy organisers   occupy  occupywallst
rtholy crap. rtwow. rtabout 400 arrested  police say.  occupywallstreet.rtny??????????400???? “about 400 arrested nypd  occupywallstreet.”follow community labor march wall street. live stream   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsare nypd fbi trying frame anonymous  occupy wall street?  anonymous  occupywallstreet...rt"the majority country actually agrees protestors " says(michael moore)  occupywallstreet.rtmtoccupywallstreet. text (347) 260.1421 messages projected building street protesters see.rtstop money  congress. save country  wallstreet.  usdor  owsrtjust leaving  occupywallstreet. people peaceful organized focused exuding love hope .. love itrt"wwii veteran. main street  wall street." amazing photo ~ via  owsthanks covering  occupywallstreet.rtjust watched  foxnews vid trying ridicule  occupywallstreet. strongly support fox ridicules.  nerve hit.friendly reminder "we  planet." ~  ourwallstreet  ows  opesr  giabo  a99. (this corrupt  bankers &  politics.)rtoh  night luck thedudes doing  occupywallstreet. support patience.rthey  occupywallstreet. tried  occupyashower protest started?  iamthe53abusive nypd shitting pants thousands union workers occupywallstreet. gamertconfirmado. 700 detenciones en  takewallstreet. en eu  como siempre  las cosas lo grande.rtlmfao   400 calling mommy  bailout   rtabout 400 arrested  police say.  occupywallstreet.  p2  tcot  tlot  cspjrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtjust watched  foxnews vid trying ridicule  occupywallstreet. strongly support fox ridicules.  nerve hit.norton security identifies occupywallstreet.org threat  bs add review site      occupywallstreetfeet street  rt"virtually" marching disturb wall street.  occupywallstreet  99percent
ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensnews ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...rtravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensrtlive blog jets @ ravensn.f.l. carries nbc sunday night ratings   nytimes.com jets lost ravens  game nbc mad...ny...yall da nypd asswhippin yall receiving  ravensnationrtjets & ravens thank 3 building foundation defenses. rex ryan one.   nflravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...sanchez grip jet loss ravens preseason super bowl talk  annual rite summer st...ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...rtravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensrex ryan hopes ny jets center nick mangold return ankle sprain play ravens rex ryan express...rtjets news/notes rex "hopeful" mangold & cromartie play sun; maybin returns & rex getting ravens hc gig   nyjravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...ravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravensravens 34  jets 17 jets doomed turnovers loss ravens mark sanchez lost fumbles threw in...
which building zaha win for?  wlf  stirling2011sounds right....  stirling2011  wlfhow feeling nemi?  mfcpawty  wlf  stirling2011mole???  wlf  stirling2011rtstirling2011 ve shown short list. buildings velodrome… (cont)rtstirling2011 people choice velodrome   overwhelming vote. 3000 votes. people appreciate architecture.and twitter spat re tags  stirlingprize  stirling2011 ? told phones off...that fun live...   stirling2011right  brave souls tweeting sheffield defying phone ban using  stirling2011 :0)anyhow  wine pizza  telly  pleased defying ban   stirling2011rtnice worki chuffed short film angel.  stirling2011rtso row zaha. patrick giving speech. yellow dress.  stirling2011thanks.  stirlingprize used.   stirling2011rtfeel bad favourites velodrome. wad evelyn grace.  stirling2011rtzaha here...patrick schumacher collecting  stirlingprize  stirling2011if tin shed glasgow time abandon stirling.    stirling2011  bahhumbugthe panel sorry haven clue?   stirling2011rtit fucking academy  wouldn it. hmph. < yes  exactly. fuckin academy  stirling2011  judasrtpulse   shock anger  stirlingprize hopkins robbed  crowdstirling2011rtrumour galearas placestirlingprize  stirling2011rta analysis  stirlingprize winning building courtesy  stirling2011
tech talk podcast mail valuertif revolution televised  guarantee podcasted.artsbeat blog book review podcast memoirs hal holbrook  john lithgow book review  ada cal...rtcornel west  occupywallstreet makings u.s. autumn responding arab spring  vianyt  "bits" blog   tech talk podcast mail value week podcast value mail  sol...bits blog tech talk podcast mail value week podcast value mail  solid hard...tech talk podcast mail valuebits blog tech talk podcast mail value week podcast value mail  solid stat...   infotech talk podcast mail value week podcast value mail  new...   tech_talk_podcast viadtn usa bits blog tech talk podcast mail value week podcast value mail  solid s...bits blog tech talk podcast mail value week podcast value mail  solid hard...podcast front line   ows  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherrti subscribed nationbuilder leaders creators podcast.rtbook review podcast memoirs hal halbrook  john lithgow   nytbits blog tech talk podcast mail value week podcast value mail  solid hard...tech talk podcast mail value week podcast value mail  solid hard drives and...rtit looks official.will teaming withfor live joint podcast thursday  occupywallstreet  owspodcast european debt  tax plan motorstech talk podcast mail value week podcast value mail  solid hard drives and...rttech talk podcast mail valuertspray name   american life podcast bit (2006) nice little podcast nypd vand...
rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"
rt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetnypd arresting armless person? phonert  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreet“  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreet”rt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetfreedom & democracy   pricelesswhats renumeration sit  libertysquare person?  sksela  armenia  yerevanrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreet“  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  ows” nypd cuff anyonert“  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  ows” nypd cuff anyonert  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreetrtnypd minds"  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreet"rt  nypd arresting armless person? wtf  occupywallstreet
"japan central bank sounds warning global economyrthotel staff refused help stuck elevatorfinally 911to help. missed meeting won comp  nycrtthank god forhotel elevator emergency phone working.. stuck floors missed meeting refuse comp roommedia stuckhotel elevator emergency phone help staff finally goton cell helpcfr (aka  bankster central) ??? mass  immigration. "opponents"  occupywallst   p2  tlot  topprogoccupywallstnyc private central bank   root causertows.rt//// b&  provocateur//// ~  opesr  giabo  ourwallstreet  a99  opshield  opshadowrtmarkets course worst week  wallstreet protest hots   takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtrttweeting cuffs hard  occupywallstrtcontact york central booking 212 374 3838 regarding bk bridge arrests. retweet.  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetvery cool library. proud literacy station  story discovery center queens central libraryheard 79th precinct   bbridge  bkyn jurisdiction. bkln central booking worst place.rtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrtwe midtownn north beibg processed”rtday 1  occupyalbuquerque  shoutout 600  1k people marched central ave 2 day  solidarity  occupywallstreetrtd0x    redcoat   nypd detective  occupywallstreet protests   detective kenneth donnell   anonymouscentral banks tacks europe’s economyrtmusic review black eyed peas play central park benefit concert   reviewrtron  paul system  capitalism presumes sound money  fiat money manipulated  centralbank   usdor
rtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtmarine vet posted reddit saying 15 headed  occupywallstreet dress blues shield protestors.rtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwaynyc crazy andis 2 hours bus ride philly    posted  occupychicagortwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayany time hope helps   posted & le...rtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrtwe posted video cop beating  occupywallstreet protesters evening wall street & broadwayrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessescomparison nyt website. posted anonpress facebook page.rtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnesses
rtoccupywallstreet protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsrtoccupywallstreet nypd accused heavy handed tactics wall street protests (mail & guardian)  occupy wall ...rtthey planned set up. handed victory.  occupywallstreetrtheywtf? rt“wow  telling  caught em  red handed    occupywallstreet"rto15 occupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics (the woman rebel  "no go...   occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsrtrtthe guardian accuses police heavy handed tactics entrapment.   occupywallstreetoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsa quick handed nypd sergeant stopped violent felon shooting gut jamming ring finger...occupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics  viart planned set up. handed victory  occupywallstreet. blind leading eagerrtoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics brooklyn bridge arrestsrtoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics brooklyn bridge arrestsoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics ... 1000 people arrested t...rtthey planned set up. handed victory.  occupywallstreetnews update occupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics  viaoccupywallstreetoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics  víawallstreet
rta nyc bus driver union filed lawsuit stop nypd drivers transport wall street protesters jailrtaccording toa class action lawsuit filed federal court bloomberg nypd arrests  occupywallstreet.rtlawsuit filed brooklyn bridge mass arrest  occupywallstreet   occupytogether  occupyla  occupysf  occupysdclass action lawsuit filed brooklyn bridge arrests nypd led/escorted onto roadway intentional entrapmentrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtwatchtony winnerprofiled onassemblyman rafael espinal profiled byrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallywatchtony winnerprofiled oni burglarized nypd laughed  mocked  filed report either. moved immediately.rtyes  rtclass action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg &  nypd mass arrests  occupywallstreetcheck darlingrttony winnerprofiledrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyoccupywallstreet  class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court mayor bloomberg & nypd mass arrests.the turban  defiled suicide bombers  biblical rootsrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtwhy read brit website  occupywallstreet filed suit bloomberg & nypd?rtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtclass action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg &  nypd mass arrests  occupywallstreet  ows  otnrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rally
obama statement steve jobs..?  address  ows protests immediately.  usdorrtrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet statement byplease re tweet post… (cont)rttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet statement byplease re tweet post  tyrtstatement saying "i didn fight wall st  fought america  stating15 20 marines headed nyc"rtfull statement support  occupywallstreet united steel workers international president   ourwallstreet  usw"official" statement  occupywallstreet movement.  usdor  occupyoz  occupy.occupywallstreet nyc march close 15 000  abc news.unions join. students walk out. statement "declared."  occupytogether  usdorstatement 15.o global action read.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetas statement  pic article fromon 9/28/11  outfrontcnnrtfirst official statement  occupywallstrtga speaker statement transit workers union oppose nypd comandeering mta (aka their) buses detain protestors.  occupywallstrtfull statement support  occupywallstreet united steel workers international president   ourwallstreet  uswrttakewallstreet  occupywallstreet statement byplease re tweet post  typeople calling reinstatement glass steagall act 1933 that?rtkeitholbermann reading collective statement  occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  anonymous  usdorrtoccupywallstreet assemblies statement read weep (tears joy)     declaration o… (cont)rtrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viartfull statement support  occupywallstreet united steel workers international president   ourwallstreet  uswrtrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viartrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viartin missed  acquaintance mistreated nypd transgender shared statement
rtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallybreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rallyrtbreaking class action lawsuit filed manhattan federal court bloomberg+nypd re mass arrests  occupywallst rally
my & prayers families victims helicopter crash.u/d 5th victim crashed helicopter found removed water nypd.armed robbers caught tape tying victims  stealing money  jewels ... barry paddock rocco parasca...{yikes} rtbrooklyn sutter ave & bradford st. male shot twice. victim transported serious condition  die.u/d 213 45th st perp shot  nypd victim shot expire. heavy crime scene.  nyc  crimebrooklyn  nypd calling level 1 mobilization regards male shot sutter ave & bradford st. victim die.  crimeamish families victimized rival sect feud feud amish families ohio sparked religi...brooklyn   male shot times  ralph ave & fulton st.  nypd searching 3 perps. victim kch  ems.armed robbers caught tape tying victims  stealing money  jewels ... barry paddock rocco parasca...rtthere huge americans simply don realize ve victimized wall stree   ourwallstreetcaused financial crisis bailout & victims cuts & layoffs. acceptable.  occupywallstreetnypd mace victim speaksnypd train cops blame rapists rape  victims   viarttoday shopkeepers pulled  occcupywallstreet medics victims hid closets. milk mace.  usdor   takewallstreetcurrent report fifth victim helicopter crash found  unknown condition.rtvote perfect  victim bitten cuz torturing fish poll shark attack ad?new york post nypd victim kin suing family brooklyn woman killed police fire gunm...rtthose caused financial crisis bailout & victims cuts & layoffs. acceptable.  occupywallstreet  p2pro athletes bat sex abuse victims michael keeffe ex nfl linebacker al chesley former p...   tennisi liked avideo  nypd mace victim speaks outif nypd ignored  occupywallstreet brats run actually victimized lawsuits  rents
rtas reporters hit & macedchanges opinion  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtobama 100% owned wall street . clue people .  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetcspj  tcot  news  tlot  cnn  fox  p2rtwall street protesters continue rally  ignite national movement?    occupywallstreetphew  simpsons  cancellation avoided cast  fox reaches season deal following salary disputeunaired  foxnews interview "occupy wall street" protestor  viaoccupywallstreetcnn =  babyfoxnewsrtoccupywallstreet talks fox news crushes   usdor  occupywallstreet  occupykstrtrtrt"frances fox piven "we desperately popular uprising united states"  occrtquick shout  occupywallst organizerfor owning ofgriff jenkins.  kudos  sir.rtjust watched  foxnews vid trying ridicule  occupywallstreet. strongly support fox ridicules.  nerve hit.rtlovely sign  occupywallstreet "fox news try censor " hero   takewallstreet  99percentrtjust watched  foxnews vid trying ridicule  occupywallstreet. strongly support fox ridicules.  nerve hit.fox 10 clock news mentioned  occupywallst  occupyla lied thebridge butoccupywallstreet arrests;fox5 crew   protesters hit  nypd mace batons 1day jpmorgan nypd $4.6 millionrtpolice maced beat local fox station journalists wednesday night  occupywallstreetrtwe huge fans  foxnews  hitting macing reporters = cool.  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet protester interviewed bybut fox didn air it. lol xdtop10lies fox news admits lie   ows  occupywallstreet pass  welcometochicagortthis fella  rtoccupywallstreet talks fox news crushes youtube.com/watch?v=cjgwdf…  usdor   occupykst“occupywallst protester rips fox interviewer bit.ly/n9y79mmt”ok“watch word w/lawrence. jesse lagreca interview w/fox show.”
rtrtthis rtlet stop hash tag soup  ows  occupywallstreet //  tfy  p2rtgopers  occupywallstreet government takeover corporations...wrong. throw corporations government.  p2rtkrugman seeing rise popular movement  unlike  teaparty  angry people.   owsis failing now. called 20 min ago here. angry.rtwtfffffffff rtheart breaking.  occupywallstreet  ows  p2  tfyrtrti @ march yesterday. characterizing riot/angry mob violence blatant lie.rtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrti willing ready help voter registration efforts connected  occupywallstreet  opvoteregrtwe violent. angry  occupywallstreet  camps. ain talkin  fresh air fund.rti @ march yesterday. characterizing riot/angry mob violence blatant lie.rti @ march yesterday. characterizing riot/angry mob violence blatant lie.rtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrti @ march yesterday. characterizing riot/angry mob violence blatant lie.rtkrugman "we seeing rise popular movement  unlike tea party  angry people"   owswhile eyeballs  angrybirds pop star doctors lifting wallets.  occupywallstnobody angry people money  separation elite rich poor 1% 99%occupy wall street   rise popular movement  unlike tea party  angry peoplewatched alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherwe salute   rtover 100 nypd officers refuse support  occupywallstreet movement
rtows pepper spray  protester punched  occupywallstreet viartnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulzrtows pepper spray  protester punched  occupywallstreet viartoccupyseattle  usdor  anonymouslulz anons internetrtthe shine apple nypd. 9/11 brought 2 respectable.  occupywallstreet thugsi  nypd balls spray marines  pepper spray  occupywallstreet lulzrtows pepper spray  protester punched  occupywallstreet viago followgreat pplrtaww luv 8)rtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulzrtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulz ... lovertnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulzrtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulzrtfirst pepper spray via protester punched  occupywallstreetrtjoin outrage pepper spray &  police violence.   occupywallstreet  nypd  anonymous  anonymous  usdor  a99rtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulzrtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulzrtmtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulz  nicertsorry accidentally sites. recover soon : )  occupywallstreet  anonymous  usdor   zh cnrtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulzrtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulz
rtcatalogo de genialidad rtstevejobs  apple patents  1980s computer ios based devicesre  occupywallst con 66 otras ciudades del pais activadas  ya se hizo un movimiento. hace falta que los medios le llame asirta shout atfor supporting  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtbrutalidad policial de nypd 24 sept   takewallstreet  sitocanaunanostocanatodasrtgets it. rt"if radiohead played  ve gone  occupywallst."    dadrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetrtel chase hace la mayor donación la historia policía nyc  cuando estalla occupywallst    > casualidad? cchow symbolic. times  worst times.  daddyandgovtcan tbailyououtthistime  takewallstreet  viarthow ny times shifted blame  occupy bridge arrests 20 minutes  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet.org run adbusters. occupywallst.org run independent activists. ccmy political dad 2come baltimore  occupywallstreet    folks wed? ; )rtestaré en nueva york esta semana haciendo mi programa detrás de la noticia sobre  occupywallstreet paracoverage livehelicopter riverstreet heliport  recoveryalgunos hahstags recomendados(puedes poner varios la vez)  acampadasol  acampadagranada  15m  15o . en usa   ows  takewallstreetglad  joining little sister fight   occupylexky  occupykyrtwe spread word peaceful people power human world want. thank you.  usdorrtmy dad response tonight events "kent again." proud   nypd?  occupywallstreetdaddy love  needsoftheoccupiersrtdell lap top 599  iphone 199  nyc hotel 275  starbucks venti 3.99 protesting wall st daddys creditcard....priceless  occupywallstsoledad barrio noche flamenca   joyce theater   review   nytimes.comrtmapa de ciudades de eeuu que se suman  occupywallstreet
rtprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ... anjali mullany occupy...rtrtprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe 2 communicate anonymously   owsprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ...rtguysis private person please respect privacy correction tweet instead.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe communicate anonymouslyprivacy people  occupywallstreet protesters social media communicate anonymously  ny daily newsprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ... anjali mullany occupy...privacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe communicate anonymously   owsyesterday press conference nypd intelligence operations covered ny1   privacy  profiling  nypdrtprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe commu..social media privacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ...yet example perfect match  privacy  temporary  phone   >...privacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ... anjali mullany occupy...privacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ...privacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ...privacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ... anjali mullany occupy...rtprivacy people wall street protesters  socialmedia app vibe ...privacy f.t.c. review facebook features ... privacy watchdog feder...privacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe ... anjali mullany occupy...leest "privacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe communicate anonymously"  readprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe communicate anonymously
occupy wall street march foley square october 5  2011 american autumn   occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet union march foley square wall streetrtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear park.rtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square trends   occupywallstreet has. people twitter isn censoring crazy. ccrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square trends   occupywallstreet has. people twitter isn censoring crazy. ccrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreetrttomorrows march moved foley square permit zero risk arrest  occupywallstreetrt“foley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreet”rtfoley square reached max capacity    15k proud ralliers soon returning  libertysquare  takewallstreet
rtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.  superrich  occupywallstreet  fbrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreet
rtlast tweet executives watching  occupywallstreet protests drinking champagne. aware french revolution?rtas understand  executive board endorsed march city hall zuccotti park oct. 5.  occupywallstthank retweet didn expect that. walking crazy cute dog mine 2 watch minute.rthmm  sounds familiar   ukuncut  fm145  acabrt“much police car.  occupywallstreet simple expression anarchy anarchists.”afphqrtthe 6 branches government executive  legislative judiciary  pharma  oil & insurance.  occupywallstreetrtaction diary  close bank accounts.  cut banks good.  join credit union.   ourwallstreetend war  expose & slavery  prosecute genocidal regimes  preserve earth  digital modern constitutionrtvideo  occupywallstreet activist connecticut lives lower manhattan zuccotti park pet squirrellet neitherorresponded  a99  opesr call  occupywallstreet tons attention.cute  hats sunglasses umbrellas junk evil capitalists..tsk tsk tsk   stupid  p2  occupywallstreet  gameonrtnypd   world watching  stand  solidarity  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  libertysquarertkindly remind nypd lost jobs  pensions  & pay cuts wall st. crashed economy.  occupywallstreetrtcome haircut barber  gotta look  revolution   ourwallstreetgi bill 2.0 cuts veteran benefits todayrtcome haircut barber  gotta look  revolution   ourwallstreetrtwho to?  occupywallstreet  sep17  antibanks  usdor  usuncut  wiunion  weareone  takewallstreetrtrt"my ex wife lives wall street supports  occupywallstreet."  company executive via private messagerthelp nypd cut costs policing  occupywallstreet expensive  save money illegally spying muslims?cut chase bank  close accounts  cut credit cards  stimulas$ stole pay nypd  protestpls people 2shut chase bank 4giving nypd 4.6m stp protests pls close accounts cut creditcards
rtit takes 20 minutes shift blame   occupywallstrtrtchanges reprt  occupywallst after20 mins shifting blame police2 protesters.rtit takes 20 minutes shift blame   occupywallstrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrtthey tell blame teacher  public worker  unions. you. don question rich.  occupywallstreetrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreethermancain blames class economy. apparently  jesus complex.how ny times shifted blame  occupy bridge arrests 20 minutes  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetoh yeah?? bill buckner strikes  .can blame buckner one.queens woman blames death alzheimer patient father access ride york (cbsnewyork) — queens famil...rtben bernanke admits "i blame them."   occupywallstreetrtviachanges text blame marchers blaming nypd. phone callrtherman cain occupy  protesters re rich  blame yourself   cain abel...  p2rthow ny times shifted blame  occupy bridge arrests 20 minutes  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnytimes pulls 1984 rewrites history shift blame  occupywallstreet protestors.rtnyts changes story blame nypd leading protesters onto brooklyn bridge  viaowsrtrt  don job  blame yourself...nice try nypd. blame protesters blocking brooklyn bridge  set up.  failrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrtand please care laptop blame chair. :)...rtherman cain occupy wall street protesters re rich  blame yourself
“rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtall brilliant framers thispost analogize clean energy painful medical treatment.  genius.is bloody brilliant  ll checking  occupystlouis weekend 4  excited  americanrtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.hahahaha   brilliantrtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.and academy (spits) sharp edges playground render dangerous. brilliantrtthis *brilliant*     occupywallst protester rips apart fox interviewerrtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.rtlove. rtthis *brilliant*     occupywallst protester rips apart fox interviewer  viai brilliant idea... opera  occupywallstreet wearing khakis & polos... greatrtbrilliant look security questions  (ht)rtthis *brilliant*     occupywallst protester rips apart fox interviewerrt“this happened saturday  occupywallstreet   usdor” brilliant  rtrtmy york times column online contrary  brilliant  unfinished life steve jobs.al  ms scene gezet  idd briljant "this *brilliant*     occupywallst protester rips apart fox interviewerrtthis *brilliant*     occupywallst protester rips apart fox interviewera blog piece brilliant occupy chicago protest sign.
rtmillions americans supported arab spring   time action home  takewallstreetboxspring23.com   419 329456rtoccupywallstreet springing country. america arab spring..is  occupywallstreet america  arabspring? starting slow  gaining momentum  getting whacked nypd....hmmmpr9anthonyryan fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012afl cio leader  occupywallstreet "really modeled arab spring"   tcotrtlooks people rising status quo. protestors  occupywallst reach  brooklyn bridge.  americanspringoccupy colorado springs   oct 2nd  2011   occupytogether  occupywallst  globalrevolution  occupydenveroccupy wall street movement hits colorado springs   occupywallstreet  occupycoloradosprings  co  dsot  p2  usdorcolorado springs joins "occupy" movement   occupywallstreet  occupycoloradosprings  usdor  co  dsot  p2occupycoloradosprings meets everyday noon 7pm acacia park. join  99%   occupywallstreet  usdor  dsot  p2  codennis kucinich occupying wall street  viaoccupywallstreet  usdor  occupycosprings  dsot  p2rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012censorship  usa internet  deleted pages (web page vanishes)     ws  nypd  usa  usaspring  obama  protestsrtmiddle east media covering  occupywallstreet media is. american spring; feels winter 2 me.rtwe interviewon  occupywallstreet it’s makings autumn responding arab springarabspring style protest mvmt. 99% tolerate greed corruption 1%. nonviolent. nypd wantrtsimilarities “occupy wall street” ny & arab spring movement tahrir square cairo byrtamerican spring brooklyn bridge shut  occupywallstreet protesters   newsdemocratic awakening taking place. u.s. fall responding arab spring.  occupywallstreet  smileyandwest  occupyscotlandrtdemocratic awakening taking place. u.s. fall responding arab spring.  occupywallstreet  smileyandwest
rtupdate 4 people rescued east river helicopter crash; 5th person searchedty  jan giving said; 21 dogs homeless  again; street dogs husband rescuedrtwlfrtty jan giving said;we 21 dogs homeless  again; street dogs she/ husband rescuedrtrtanipals  animals  wlf  dogs brazil. urgent help needed... street dogs rescued... giv… (cont)pair deer rescued near verrazano bridge  /via<<feed hungry  ?rtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd vianyt "this crisis 17 moving parts:"  hurdles ahead greek rescue package & fixing  euromess.police report finding woman vanished east river chopper crash  1 hour+ pilot & 3 rescuedrthelicopter crashes nyc east river; nypd divers rescue survivors  missingrtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd via“udate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd (cont)first responder 9/11 speaks  patriots  emts  rescuertudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viahelicopter crashes nyc east river; nypd divers rescue survivors  missing  police divers searching the...rtupdate 4 people rescued east river helicopter crash; 5th person searchedrtupdate 4 people rescued east river helicopter crash; 5th person searchedrtudate 5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd viartbravest rtmembers 7  rescued helicopter crash  inc.  fdny ff robert lopez (3rd rt) twitpic.com/6v86zirtrtfour rescued  missing helicopter crashes east riverrt5 people board helicopter crashed east river; 4 rescued   nypd via
rtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtcorporations banks nypd cia  dhs  fbi protect amendment rights.  human beings?  usdorrtcorporate repression civic space nypd cia  dhs  fbi.  source?  corrupt elections.  civil military power usurped.   usdor[ dhsmemo] directive   followed.rtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtcorporations banks nypd cia  dhs  fbi protect amendment rights.  human beings?  usdorlove pic. mtsources tell dhs paint  occupywallstreet movement "un american" "violent"rtrepwho sources sent memo dhs quash  occupywallstreet $10k citizen united   usdorrtrtsources tell wary tries spokesperson  ows  trying 2incite violence dhsrtrtbe wary any1 tries spokesperson  occupywallstreet  ows trying incite violence dhsrt"sources bware any1 tries 2 bcome spokesperson 4  occupywallstreet  ows any1 tryin 2 incite violence dhs"rtcorporations banks nypd cia  dhs  fbi protect amendment rights.  human beings?  usdorrtcorporate repression civic space nypd cia  dhs  fbi.  source?  corrupt elections.  civil military power usurped.   usdorrtkudos"the episode accurately portrayed scars survivors live decades"kudos"the episode accurately portrayed scars survivors live decades"rtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydcrtbothandreceived 10k citizens united.  pressuring dhs quash  occupywallstreet.  usdor   occupydc
so homeland security  nypd  installed barricades protect wall street protestors?  owscleveland provides bleak view poverty peak  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ...   york daily newsrtits gaining momentum.deserves lot credit as.thanksstarting designs shirt forall proceeds movent.  occupywallstthese comments stop togetheras americans solve name callingrtmtoccupywallstreet. text (347) 260.1421 messages projected building street protesters see.occupywallstreet   sign laminate cover withstand rain damage. signs destroyed it.rtsad window reality 0 bankers  arrested despite crashing economy; nearly 1 000 arrested speaking it.  occupywallstreetisn time behinddudes?no denying argument there. concise minded complex ppl  ows sidesteps thiswe alt netwk touch  re forcing un follows us.yup. difficulty remembering  anons   ows &  mmot ppl followed back.maybe call 4 team effort compare "following" w/ "unfollowing"  replier & rtersrtthere myriad  tinychat.com private chatrooms hostthanks. slower isps?did receive suggestion from?i don trust fb. acct reason.id chk mine. lemme looks ufld u.rtduring assembly   occupywallst protesters organize bike rides friday night  7pmrtnews nyt metro desk  oct 07  2011 12:40 pm week pictures  oct. 7
rtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulzrtnypd layoff joining     ows  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrtn.y.c. layoffs hit poorest schools hardestyankees past round; totally rod  legacy continues playoffs.rtrtn.y.c. layoffs hit poorest schools hardest672 lose jobs city schools bloomberg administration orchestrated largest mass layoff singl...rtya funny rtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  cdnpolirtceos rewarded handsomely raising stock value massive layoffs. greed engine wall street  ows  usdor  goprays incredible win    rays  mlb  tampabay  playoffscaused financial crisis bailout & victims cuts & layoffs. acceptable.  occupywallstreetrtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulzrtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulz ... lovertnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulzrtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreet  lulzrtnypd layoff joining   occupywallstreetschool layoffs fall heaviest poorest strugglingrtyankees nova future playoff star  robinson canortexpect  americans pushing layoffs unemployment evictions homelessness   occupywallstreet  usdorrtexpect  americans pushing layoffs unemployment evictions homelessness   occupywallstreet  usdorfav  occupywallstreet poster nypd layoff joining usrtthose caused financial crisis bailout & victims cuts & layoffs. acceptable.  occupywallstreet  p2

rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetoccupyseattle holding ga intersection 4th & pike   occupytogether  owsmorgan tries quell rumors holdingsrtpeople arrested holding american flags    occupywallstreet &  takewallstreet   live >>rtthe people holding accountable duty bound serve protect nypd  red coat  ha...rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtthe people holding accountable duty bound serve protect nypd  red coat  identified. ironic .  usdorcool locked holding cell 12o people worst  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet doesn free handouts. holding wallstreet accountable recklessness.holding china accountrtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtdefine "irony" labor unions joining  occupywallstreet protest low pay  withholding jobs & corruption.  tcot  tlotand nypd :/ hope investigations pepper spraying *might* wake .. holding breath.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtthe people holding accountable duty bound serve protect nypd  red coat  identified. ironic .  usdornypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtholding china accountrtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet
rtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtreprorts legal observers jail arresstedrtalert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.legal observers arrestedrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtalert  occupysf trying shut base camp legal observers  is.gd/dmcsbn  occupywallstreet  owsrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtalert  occupysf trying shut base camp legal observers      occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtalert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs.legal observers arrestedrt?  ows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrestedrtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanymilitary ground politics egypt  foreign observers allowed upcoming election.rtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germany
rtunion  wall street protesters converge police plaza (wnyc)     occupywallstreetrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrtgreat seejoin  99%  globalpeoplesconvergence  occupysydney  occupywallst  occupymelbournerttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination"tigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination  lolrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrtanon ops    ourwallstreet protesters converge america capital  occupydc join    occupyamericarttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationrtanon ops    ourwallstreet protesters converge america capital  occupydc join    occupyamericatigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination justin verlander dominant ...rtprotesters converge america capital  occupydc join  bit.ly/pz0wwl   sept17  revolutionrttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination“students   join  occupywallstreet student convergence 2day  5:30pm  60 wall st.”tigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination justin verlander domi...rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationdtn usa fifth fans raise glass al davis throughout day  die hard raiders fans converged ...rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge eliminationtigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination  / veces se pierde  otras se gana :(rttigers 5  yankees 4 sabathia stumbles  putting yankees verge elimination
rtnon western medicinal raw garlic  ginger  tea tree oil  bavarian meat  raw apple cider vinegar  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetrtswat team depositors withdrawals~  bankofamerica st. louis   ows  boa  banksters  antisec  usdor  a99  occupyrtraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetthe difficulty drawing lines icert"design comes latin verb *designare* trace  describe plan."  byrtrtsee images  drawings data maggie centres rogers… (cont)rtraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetwill fail  protestester money bank funds orgs. protest success = withdraw money banks  de fund enemynypd draws line sand protesters ‘met force’ target officers   batoningahippiecanbetheraputicrtnon western medicinal raw garlic  ginger  tea tree oil  bavarian meat  raw apple cider vinegar  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetthe onion twitter posts draw scrutiny jennifer preston onion drew criticism circles seri...rtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetunions liberal join  occupywallstreet protest |  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  finallyrtso  fyihas complete coverage  occupywallstreet web.rtah  ok jpmorganchase donated "unprecedented" $4.6 million nypd  occupywallstreet  owsrtraw video watch protesters marching brooklyn bridge arrested   ef  occupywallstreetrtthe world destroyed evil  watch doing anything.  albert einstein  occupywallstreet
rtrtthere 15 outside midtown north precinct  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtthere 16 & 17 yr arrested mta bus. mom picked warmest smile  occupywallst  occupywallstreet <3rtsee cops theprotesters dirty here.rtoccupywallstreet media team arrested  nypd don shown >>rtadvice  occupywallstreet  "why here" answer  "i  trying figure out."rtrtreporter arrested  occupywallstreet goes jail  writes story   read   owsthere time republicans senseoccupywallst  occupyuk look pic.how? plan  leders  walking .rthej  multiversal occupiers. welcome age power connectivity. nice finally meet you.  solidarity  15oct  usdorrtgood morning  occupywallstreet  reportedly rally  verizon workers 11:30 am. events  too.where  balls handbasket?   occupythefedrtwhat protesting? people financially fisted economic ruin. there.  occupywallstreetrtif ny times story correct  entrapment nypd.  occupywallstreetrttoday  occupywallstreet true national movement. protests everywhere. checkrtrtoccupywallstreet water jugs.  needsoftheoccupiersetcis connect directly various occupations?  needsoftheoccupierscop 780 arrests today.  nypdentrapmentrtour protesters intimidating  know. 1  via...rtgood news   hallmark considers  unemployment stay  rolls line greeting cards   p2  usdorrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtlis†en up?  occuywallstreet remember " "  getmoneyout   takewallstreet
rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.home :) anjela sargsyan screen  levon zourabyan other.   rally  libertysquare  opposition  sep30sharunak  yerevan  suckersrtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rtbe courageous. trust yourself. act ethically. internet. help other. overcome tyrants.  usdorrti wish police realize together.  occupywallstoccupytogether  occupyalbany  occupybuffalortto air grievances 1st amendment addressed. www.occupytogether.org list suchwatch another. stay safe.a tremor  inspiring nonetheless..  occupywallst hopefully gain momentum another..rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtbe courageous. trust yourself. act ethically. internet. help other. overcome tyrants.  usdor  ajstreamrtwow. 343 cities joined  occupytogether. earlier 261.   ows  usdor  occupyamericartcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetphotos upcoming documentary film  occupyorlando support  occupywallst  ows  occupytogether...rtresisting arrest defined standing arrested holding other.  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.
watching  globalrevolution  occupywallstreet kansas city wearing shirt  also. support.wall street laughs  sips champagne  occupywallst  neocoms march protest via laborunionreport.com   ...seiu  occupywallst  ve back.  via laborunionreport.com   read entry...   ...plumbers  union (?) berates jewish  occupywallst via laborunionreport.com   video ...revolution marathon  sprint. heart. rest. wake up. going. re changing world.  occupywallstreet  owswarning  occupywallstreet  "do profits philanthropic foundations support."thx rt.  mitt "corporationsarepeopletoo romney gonna love   wearethe99percent  occupywallstreet    occupydc  oct6walked dozens clueless rich white guys. woman concert.  occupyaustin  occupywallst  owsfront page drudgereport.com.  viva la revolucioninexpensive chicago irene’s wake  developments dry enough? storm revealed uncomfort...occupywallst dispense anarchy signs sort. bums don survive w/o govt.you purpose look talents  utilize them..it voice  art  tweets  heart.  nowi ve seen him. arms  short.if agreement  please rt. properly inform.   occupywallst  occupysd  occupybostonrtan occupation opportunists  occupywallst marxists union support via laborunionreport.com   ...rtuma thurman stalker jack jordan loses chance freedom refusing sign court..rtrturgent footage police complicity protester entrance roadway? know.  occupywallst please rt.rtrt  occupyseattle national support. call (206)684 4000  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreet civil servants "civil."okay  warmed heart.  sue me. "homecoming queen winning field goal night"rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupywallst tarps. please rt.rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupywallst tarps. please rt.
bored lady gaga styler underwhelms paris fashion weekeuropean television adopts english looks abroad rejecting u.s. cultural dominance  european pro...agitprop 2.0 occupy wall street social media revolution   artinfo   occupywallstreetfall fashion busy moms scrambled closets  called fashion  so...
rthey  nypd  apologize ppl pepper sprayed... mean  occupywallstreetrtkudos tolast week wrote piece highly critical occupywallstreet   revises/apologizescheney obama apologize slams bush administration former veep dick cheney praised president ...cheney obama apologize slams bush administrationcheney obama apologize slams bush administration   york daily newsrtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.rtcheney obama apologize slams bush administrationrtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.rtcheney obama apologize slams bush administrationrtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.rtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.cheney obama apologize slamming bush civil liberties  dick owes obama thanks judicial immunity.cheney obama apologize slams bush administrationrtdiddy apologizes  ignorant  outburst directed partygoer atlanta clubbristol palin heckler stephen hanks apologizes fight hollywood bar   york daily newscheney obama apologize slams bush administration   york daily news york daily newsch...cheney obama apologize slams bush administration   york daily news york daily newsch...american ambassador apologizes text message american ambassadors updated course manners.cheney obama apologize slams bush administration   york daily news york daily newsch...rtcheney obama apologize slams bush admin; world cheney apologize existing.rtyes  rthey  nypd  apologize ppl pepper sprayed... mean  occupywallstreet

rtrtrtfuckyoumichaelbloomberg businessman politician philanthropist mayor nyc net worth $18.1b partner atis partnership  teaparty & wall street money preventing covering  occupywallstreet  ows national movement?adele waugaman  daniel prieto iii ... manages partnership mobile telephone technology ai...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ..."brain imaging love smartphone love partner. sadrtrtfuckyoumichaelbloomberg businessman politician philanthropist mayor nyc net worth $18.1b partner atnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim partners nypd intelligence squad secretly assigned undercover officer monitor prominent muslim...black eyed peas partner robin hood foundation concert 4 nyc  bring ...nypd spied city muslim partners york york police department intelligence squad secretly ass...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners      (ap) ap   reda shata considered partner new...rtbrain imaging love smartphone love partner. sadthe texas tribune el paso  storm benefits gay partnersap impact nypd spied city muslim partners   yahoo  newsblack eyed peas partner robin hood foundation concert 4 nyc  bring ... "they poverty fighting super...brain imaging love smartphone love partner. smartphones don steal covers though.contraceptive africa double risk h.i.v.  couldn behavioral multi partner problem?nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...dtn usa nypd spied city muslim partners nypd intelligence squad secretly assigned undercover o...
tax pledges lose allure eyes reform hundreds republicans signed  including six the...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrteither representatives people people.  six months tried  usdor  articlevrtrtsix reasons  occupy  revolution difficult co opt defeat.   occupywallstreetrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerrtoccupywallstreet venereal disease america caught sixties matured.  usdayofrage  p2rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerbosses health care charities pulling six figure salaries help ... pay packages leaders s...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerbeen waiting kid sixties happen  yes;  hope happeningrtsix reasons  occupy  revolution difficult co opt defeat.   occupywallstreet"some rob sixgun  fountain pen."  woodyguthriesaidthatrtsix reasons  occupy  revolution difficult co opt defeat.   occupywallstreetrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drove ...  nytrtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerjustin bieber  selena gomez pose  brangelina 2.0  six ... justin bieber selena gomez giving bra...rtrtsix reasons  occupy  revolution difficult co opt defeat.   occupywallstreetrteither representatives people people.  six months tried  usdor  articlevyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. openerny times yankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener robinson cano drov...rtyankees 9  tigers 3 cano’s six r.b.i. helps yankees top tigers a.l.d.s. opener
rtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtoff charts rating downgrade  u.s. treasuries profitrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallst   tffs  fbrt11 charts explain wrong america   economy  inequality  occupywallstreet  owsrtrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong w/ america   occupywallstreetrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallst11 charts explain wrong america   economy  inequality  occupywallstreet  owsrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrttoxic e.p.a. charts risks ubiquitous chemical york times  *ecosystems toxic soup unknown interactionsrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallst
free agents  secret? british version funnier   york daily news york daily news free agents  secret?...so homeland security  nypd  installed barricades protect wall street protestors?  owsrttop contributor obama 2012 securities & investment $7 200 000 // 44 blunder  takewallstreet secretsrttop contributor obama 2012 securities & investment $7 200 000 // 44 blunder  takewallstreet secretsrtkoch brothers flout law getting richer secret iran sales   via1%rtfunny  nypd  occupywallstreet arresting lot protesters. begun.rtnytimes confirms 400 people arrested  largest mass arrest 2008 rnc.   occupywallstreetrtfact wall street investment & banking sectors contributed $19.5m million obama 2008  double mccain  occupywallst  tcot  p2rtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementoccupyseattle holding ga intersection 4th & pike   occupytogether  owsend war  expose & slavery  prosecute genocidal regimes  preserve earth  digital modern constitutionrtj.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd  .for laptops & security monitoring software.nay. banksters nat sec. threats rtsomeone bankers summons disorderly conduct.  occupywallstreetrtsallie mae sold $14 billion sec assets  (gov  ie guaranteed folks default govt)rtswat team depositors withdrawals~  bankofamerica st. louis   ows  boa  banksters  antisec  usdor  a99  occupyrtbig week bradshaw rtjacobs misses straight practicertsesame street special  hunger muppet represent 17m children estimated “food insecure”    povertycaught tape shooting outside brooklyn mcdonald        "he nypd released security camera video  bra...rtrtrtfuckyoumichaelbloomberg businessman politician philanthropist mayor nyc net worth $18.1b partner atrtrtthe gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...rtwould doctor treatment 1% clients? surgeon?  occupywallstreet
rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow coverage of& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm on.  solidarity rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtrtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtbank america slowly painfully fall apart. lost legacy merrill lunch employees backboneshow coverage of& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm on.  solidarity rtshow coverage& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow coverage& dpainfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow coverage& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow coverage& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& dpainfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rtshow "full coverage"& painfully wrong mainstream media narrative @ 4:05pm et. rt

rtdear  nypd... don pepper spray people vote raise  support collective bargaining rights  occupywallstreetrtrtthe gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...rthey  nypd... wall street rid  re kill yr ability collectively bargain them... mon  occupywallstreetis  occupywallstreet america  arabspring? starting slow  gaining momentum  getting whacked nypd....hmmmi wonder name 1st protester killed nypd...i reading police forum filled nypd... loved "overtime". don clueplease hire rti reading  >rtalso learned duty nypd...occupy wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridge – pictures demonstrators arrested nypd...rtdear  nypd... don pepper spray people vote raise  support collective bargaining rights  occupywallstreetrtthe gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...the gift largest history. jp morgan chase bank officially owns  nypd...rthey  nypd... kill us? take...  occupywallstreetrtdon shoot messenger? tell nypd...  occupyiowa  ows  solidarityrthey  nypd... kill us? take...  occupywallstreeti starting entire layer sheol reserved  nypd... control freak losers unbelievable.rti starting entire layer sheol reserved  nypd... control freak losers unbelievable.not happy nypd...  contact nyc mayor   you......2/2 pushing envelope. recent demands nypd... don doubt hit servers phones...rtoccupywallstreet  osw "pro banker" movement was... nypd... sponsored/bought bankersrtrtjames dimon ceo j.p. morgan chase & co  4.6 million nypd... dox tinyurl.com/3vn8nztjp morgan "donates" 4.6 million nypd... doubt police really...
rttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrtrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdorrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrtrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdorrtrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdorrtrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdorrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrtrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdorrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdor"top contributors obama | opensecrets  name wall street.  usdor"<   change believe in??rttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdorrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrtin six months  wall street contributed 99% congress   occupywallst  ows  p2  tcotrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrtrtpocket guide billionaires funding 2012 campaign  ...rtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdorrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdorrttop contributors barack obama | opensecrets  name wall street.   usdor

rt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<> navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakus navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge   occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd   youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyak<> navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyak<> navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyak<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyak<> navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyak<> navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyak<> navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyak
rt“if lobbying wouldn streets. time democracy 4 us.  occupywallstreet”rtrt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstlobbying fine us.  occupywallstreetrtthe largest  powerful lobby assembled   99percent  ows  occupycollegesrtfrom 1998 2008 financial sector spent $5 billion campaign contributions & lobbying.  occupywallstreetrtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6chuck  schumer wall street lobbyist.    occupwallstreetrt1970 3%  congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykst   fascismi idea all. lobbyist limited influence dc. problemrtrtforeign connected lobbyists history influencing  supercommittee  reports  usdorrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrthow union lobbying cost workers?    usdor  occupykst  occupywallstreetrtrt1971   175 lobby firms dc.  1985   2 500 firms. 2009 13 700 registered lobbyists dc.  usdor  oct6rtchuck  schumer wall street lobbyist.    occupwallstreetrtdoesn matter vote  left   ll pwnd corporate lobbyists   change   ows  occupywallstreet  occupyozrtif lobbying wouldn streets. time democracy 4 us.  occupywallstreetrthow union lobbying cost workers?    usdor  occupykst  occupywallstreetrtfirms lobby evade fraud detection. corp lobbying & fraud detection.   usdor  occupywallstreetrt1971   175 lobby firms dc.  1985   2 500 firms. 2009 13 700 registered lobbyists dc.  usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6
rtrt“rt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses ke… (cont)rt"100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrt“100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”rtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrt“100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”rt“100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”rtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrt“100+ arrests confirmed  brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”rtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrt“rt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”rt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrt“100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”  breeding anarchists.rtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetla policía de ny arresta 700 indignados "por ir por la acera" en el  brookynbridge   globalrevolution“100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”  breeding anarchists.rtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrtows rt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallst
proposal create accounting standard setter private companies   york times proposal crea...rtlast tweet executives watching  occupywallstreet protests drinking champagne. aware french revolution?rtnypd trick protesters brooklyn bridge; arrest 700  | epjrtmarine discusses wall street protest  nypd time police   ows  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet protests sparked hundreds events onrtthe brooklyn bridge protest set arrest peaceful participants instill fear movement. didntrtconsider arrest  occupywallstreet victory  protest rite passage. intended discourage. don it.rtthey sayis unorganized  feed protesters homeless  brothers sisters call bullshit  hoodrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtthe mother protesters (a diabetic) searching live streamrti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rtnypd arresting child  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest   viartsee cops theprotesters dirty here.rtiphone video police brutality rallythe night stoked labor rally 2moro  occupywallstreetrtnypd mace beat protesters  occupywallstreet  viafor hash tags  occupywallstreet & e.g.  takewallstreet germany  twitter timeline displayed hardly believe capacity problems.rttoday top stories > 700 occupy wall street protesters arrested brooklyn bridge   occupywallst  owsrt.this america  doubt yours.  cops beating protesters nyc   ows  usdorso homeland security  nypd  installed barricades protect wall street protestors?  owsobama statement steve jobs..?  address  ows protests immediately.  usdorrtows pepper spray  protester punched  occupywallstreet via

rtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrt"the majority country actually agrees protestors " says(michael moore)  occupywallstreet.rtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtthe people  occupywallstreet wall street dreams recession   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreetrtfor occupy wall street  condensed sentence:"our government represents majority people. ourwallstreetsocial norms meant broken majority silly anyway  occupywallstreet  owsrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorthe majority nypd look dismayed confused crowd them.  ows don vilify all.rtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtthe  needsoftheoccupiers wall street life.  majority  tcotthe majority real nt decise. thet told do. zizekrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtlive  occupywallstreet interviewing occupiers   video   p2  occupywallst  takewallstreet  usdor  sep17rtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdorrtactually   occupywallstreet message couldn clearer   video   p2  occupywallst  sep17  usdor
policestateusa  nypd internal affairs +1 (212) 741 8401 mayor bloomberg +1 (212) york +1 (212) 374 3921  occupywallstreet  usdorrtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtstopthewhiteshirts nypd internal affairs +1 (212) 741 8401 mayor bloomberg +1 (212) york +1 (212) 374 3921  occupywallstreetin solidarity ny trapped  abused  unlawfully arrested & children  call nypd 212 741 8401rtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtpolicestateusa  nypd internal affairs +1 (212) 741 8401 mayor bloomberg +1 (212) york +1 (212) 374 3921  occupywallstreet  usdorrtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rtrtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rtrtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rtrtreports  occupywallstreet ers 1st precinct 1 police plaza. call212 741 8401rtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rtrtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rtrtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rtrtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtdo   call  call  call  tell leave protesters 212 741 8401  usdor  occupyamerica  occupywallstreet rt
rt“followthey movement else imo  ows” thanks  anxious & preparing occupyrtits gaining momentum.deserves lot credit as.thanksthank retweet didn expect that. walking crazy cute dog mine 2 watch minute.rtjust thanked  nypd  "when gonna join already?" replied w/ smile  "i know.  right?"  occupywallstreetthanks  means lot  nypd.rtall thank god social media conservatives advantage  occupywallstreet fascists.thanks using quote..very relevant days seems..rtthank god forhotel elevator emergency phone working.. stuck floors missed meeting refuse comp roomthanks tofolks waiting hrs midtown south greet cheers & mini thanksgiving bread  cranberries  & turkeyrtamazing  occupywallstreet video  goes special followers. love  thanksthanks thecoverage...  police willing arrest ppl happened w/tparty guns. why?thanks. slower isps?congrats & thanks   nypd jails turnstiles. rti am officially released jail  occupywallstreetthank youfor night report  occupywallst  started *more "a dozen" occupiers   sept17rtthank representing concerns  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet congressman representing me.occupywallstreet  thanks front lines  rock  world rocking  deliberate  agitate  facilitate.rt.pants  huh? believe anyway. thanks driving home. | don believe media. eyes   99percentrtoccupywallstreet thanks russell simmons  co founder def jam support  &  viartthanks russell simmons   occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreetthanks covering  occupywallstreet.rtthank marines defending constitution protecting  occupywallstreet protesters  nypd
rtas reporters hit & macedchanges opinion  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetin serious culture change  systems thinking  smart compromises lost decadertnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupythe crashed world    occupywallstreet  globalchange  globalrevolutionrtrtchanges reprt  occupywallst after20 mins shifting blame police2 protesters.rtnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupyrthanging w/@ liberty plaza  occupywallstreetrtwelcomeoccupygainesville  occupyflorida     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtoccupywallstreet truly effect change  grab voter registration cards folk registered vote  obama2012  ows  p2rta somewhat determinist provocative look technology changing humanrtoccupywallstreet becoming movement changing foundation global economic system  owsrevolution marathon  sprint. heart. rest. wake up. going. re changing world.  occupywallstreet  owsthe rules changing... howtomakeitinamerica please bear reset programs adjust country.  occupywallstplease   > upcoming  occupy events        occupywallstreet  usrevolution     globalchange  usdor viartfeedingows stay  people caring people  changing worldrtoccupyokc people talk clue probably change lives.  occupywallstreetrtapparently media cover  occupywallstreet changes name  occupythekardashiansrtmy report forthe changing narrative  occupywallstreet mass arrests   ows  takewallstreet  p2rthopegot yougroped/change $$changed hands tohis.  marxist  occupywallstreet  stupid  liberal  sgp  p2  ocra  sotrthopegot ugroped/change $changedfrom yr hand 2his  marxist  occupywallstreet  stupid  liberal  sgp  p2  sotrtdemocracynow interviews cornell west true rainbow movement  occupywallstreet   ndnz  indigenous  p2  activism  change
rtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.last week  ericcantor purchased couple handguns  6 rifles & lots amo arlington va. fraid mobs?where  balls handbasket?   occupythefedrtcovering march  foot handcuffs  personal account  occupywallstreet nytimes reporterrtoccupywallstreet protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsrtoccupywallstreet nypd accused heavy handed tactics wall street protests (mail & guardian)  occupy wall ...rtfirsthand account fromstaffer trapped brooklyn bridge  suspect arrested.  occupywallstreetrtthey planned set up. handed victory.  occupywallstreetrtremember teaparty handcuffed  pepper sprayed & arrested..wait..that  occupywallstreet   tcot  sgprtheywtf? rt“wow  telling  caught em  red handed    occupywallstreet"rtmedical aed  thermometers  hand warmers  mole skin  space blankets  latex gloves  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtbahrain   uk  york times bahrain court hands harsh sentences doctors protesters 16uk  york times  bahrain court hands harsh sentences doctors protesters 16rtgotta hand tofor one. awesome pic   occupywallstreet  sep17rthopegot yougroped/change $$changed hands tohis.  marxist  occupywallstreet  stupid  liberal  sgp  p2  ocra  sotrthopegot ugroped/change $changedfrom yr hand 2his  marxist  occupywallstreet  stupid  liberal  sgp  p2  soti am twitter  ghandi hunger strike kep protest tactics here?rtows alert people held  nypd buses ventilation  water  food  meds  handcuffs. legal observers arrested  germanyrtoh  brave overnighters hats  gloves  handwarmers  hot coffee morning please   needsoftheoccupierscellphone service available handful underground subway stations; 30 added
rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.personable cop conversing solo protester criminal justice system. kid reform. cop employs ppl  won happenrussell simmonsstill holding court  occupywallsreet  graciously conversing crowd timertlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.
rtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetsome  occupywallst folk overthrow gov  msm hasn labeled "extremists"rtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreethere orleans aren getting blacked out.made news  hasn started yet.rtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtwhy hasn treported television news completely ignoring largest revolution america. odd.  occupyrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetbe careful nypd. idk ethnic hasn victim stop frisk "fit description"rtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtrtrtrick perry warren buffett hasn clue private sector.  awesome.rtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtthere hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreetrtis handling rt...is investigating  occupywallstreet hasnt trending?rt bernanke fed hasn’t “ingrained” economy.yes  gobbo fires ... hasn seen finished yet...   wlfnyt sorkin hasn heard people budget (know enemy)  takewallstreetrt““there hasn time peacefully uprise   occupywallstreet””why hasn train 34th st 20 mins?


rtswat team depositors withdrawals~  bankofamerica st. louis   ows  boa  banksters  antisec  usdor  a99  occupyrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtmolycorp announce rare earth deposit california sitertoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetmolycorp announce rare earth deposit california site (nyt)rtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetmolycorp announce rare earth deposit california siteoccupywallstreet pull bac deposits $5/mo debit card fee? ...  spread news  takewallstreetmolycorp announce rare earth deposit california site seeking reassure...   molycorp_minerals  environmentrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetmolycorp announce rare earth deposit california sitertswat team depositors withdrawals~  bankofamerica st. louis   ows  boa  banksters  antisec  usdor  a99  occupyrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreetrtoccupythebanks day oct 31th withdraw $ banks deposit credit union  occupywallstreet
rtjoin andtomorrow house select bus service coming 34th streetrtrtdeveloping fdny confirms helicopter east river 34th street; word injuriesrtupdate helicopter crashed east river privately owned  apparently trying land helipad e. 34th strtupdate helicopter crashed east river privately owned  apparently trying land helipad e. 34th stcoverage livehelicopter riverstreet heliport  recoveryrtrtnow reported helicopter east river 34th street.rtdeveloping fdny confirms helicopter east river 34th street; word injuriesrtrtnow reported helicopter east river 34th street.rtupdate helicopter crashed east river privately owned  apparently trying land helipad e. 34th strtupdate helicopter crashed east river privately owned  apparently trying land helipad e. 34th stonly york. rtnow reported helicopter east river 34th street.rtupdate helicopter crashed east river 3pm  shortly taking helipad e. 34thrtrtnow reported helicopter east river 34th street.rtupdate helicopter crashed east river privately owned  apparently trying land helipad e. 34th strtrtdeveloping fdny confirms helicopter east river 34th street; word injuriesrtupdate helicopter crashed east river privately owned  apparently trying land helipad e. 34th strtrtnow reported helicopter east river 34th street.rtupdate helicopter crashed east river privately owned  apparently trying land helipad e. 34th stnow reported helicopter east river 34th street.rtrtrtdeveloping fdny confirms helicopter east river 34th street; word injurieswhy hasn train 34th st 20 mins?
i ve seen him. arms  short.so  romney denouncing assemble peacefully protest? ? shame him. shame him.  ows  usdor  takewallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreets comments onwere   vote him.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreet  ows  owsnewsrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreet"serial pooper tells cops defecated school  bad spirits "  /  occupywallstreet him.rtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetmy  occupywallstreet playlist bill moyers remembers howard zinn  miss him.  occupyjustice  occupynow ccrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetthis guy nypd undercover. dresses hipster. dont speak him.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtjust warningis trolling  occupywallstreet. evenspeaks him. represent true 99%.rtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreet
rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.a tech war slights centuries monarchy “war room” technicians weeds sites deemed...rtmany believe god don believe taxes high....  occupywallstreetmoms miscarriage drug des daughters risk breast cancer  infertility...   breastcancerinexpensive chicago irene’s wake  developments dry enough? storm revealed uncomfort...moms miscarriage drug des daughters risk breast ...ha highly doubt  bringing nypd force huhthe german gestapo acted people  "code silence" criminal acts treason oath took.“banks enforce debit card fee  maybe taxes  bank fees jobs.bad balance sheets.what econrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.the protocols screening types cancer success rates remission continue altered.rt*sigh* mthighlights substantial rewrite lede inarticle arrestsrtkudos tolast week wrote piece highly critical occupywallstreet   revises/apologizesrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.nyt  "fees  fees  bank fees:"  bank fees a.t.m.  bounced checks  etc.  creeping up.rtdid witness east river helicopter crash? trying confirm reports water. thanks.nice":rtmore sat sun bright warmer. highs:76 80. mon tue staying dry. partly cloudy. highs:75 78"homecoming queen winning field goal night named homecoming queen lifetime school...apple’s updated apps offer significant gains apple highlighted own apps wi...the war words profile nyc morning djs escalating hilarious proportions.high tech tools help bands market directly fans
rtben bernanke admits "i blame them."   occupywallstreettop10lies fox news admits lie   ows  occupywallstreet pass  welcometochicagomichael jackson trial crime scene investigator admits mistakes examination ...rtben bernanke admits "i blame them."   occupywallstreetrtliberal admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst     tcot  tlotrtliberal admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst     tcot  tlot"liberal admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst   tcot  tlot" diversity paid forrtben bernanke admits "i blame them."   occupywallstreetmichael jackson trial crime scene investigator admits mistakes examination ... nancy dillon elissa fleak...rtliberal admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst     tcot  tlot"lib admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst   infiltrated  lolrtliberal admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst     tcot  tlotrtliberal admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst     tcot  tlotrtliberal admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst     tcot  tlotrtliberal admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst     tcot  tlotmayor bloomberg former campaign account admits dated john haggerty ... fiona reid  willowy blond  ap...rtrtliberal admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst     tcot  tlotohio admits stangling mother  bashing father head flashlight police ohio admitted polic...rtliberal admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst     tcot  tlotwhere paid? "organizer admits paying ‘occupy dc’ protesters"   needsoftheoccupiers  occupydc occupysfwhere paid? "organizer admits paying ‘occupy dc’ protesters"   needsoftheoccupiers  occupydc  occupysf
rtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtwoah. rtif name arms arrested  please call nlg 212 683 2490  owsrtfrom nlg 1 police plaza 5 buses 2 vans arrived arrested peaceful protesters… (cont)rtrtfrom nlg 1 police plaza 5 buses 2 vans arrived arrested peaceful ...rtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtwoah. rtif name arms arrested  please call nlg 212 683 2490  owsmake viral  journalist attacked nypd  ows. "the world watching"   statement occupiersrtrtif name arms arrested  plz call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtwoah. rtif name arms arrested  please call nlg 212 683 2490  owsrtjoke? rtif name arms arrested  call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtif name arms arrested  plz call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name arms arrested  plz call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrtrtif name w/ arms arrested pls call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreetrt.rtif name w/no arms arrested please call nlg 212 683 2490  occupywallstreet

at masses start chanting  eattherich ?  occupywallstreetrtrt“rt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses ke… (cont)rt"100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrt“100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”rtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrt“100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”rt“100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”please cover  occupywallst  getmoneyout rock  inform masses. help 99%.they knowledgertrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetfree radiohead concert   social media easily vehicle disappoint masses.   nyusmrt“100+ arrests confirmed  brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”rtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrt“rt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreet”the monarchy  ruled collapsed. society underwent transformation sustained assault masses streets.for unwashed masses  occupywallstreet robin hood didn "rob rich" money tax collectors  tcot  sgp  teaparty  tpprt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrtrt100+ arrests confirmed brookyn bridge  masses kettled bridge  occupywallstreetrtrt"give tired poor huddled masses yearning breathe free... arrest them."  occupywallst rtdtn usa 5 technologies steve jobs brought masses steve jobs  gifts consumers creating so...5 technologies steve jobs brought masses steve jobs  gifts consumers creating sophisticat...

hey... producer canada national morning  love talk organizer tomorrrow.  dm?i producer canada national morning (canadaam).  love talk tomorrow. dm?producers "black swan" sued   interns    ballet  blackswanmoviertinteresting rtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtinteresting rtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtmust // rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet   4jobsthis guy kicks ass   marry   rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt“best takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  videomust // rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet   4jobsrtinteresting rtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtmust // rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet   4jobsrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtinterns file suit ‘black swan’ producerrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetthis guy  occupywallst activist slams fox news producer un aired interview viaplus detect philly accent rtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetkill corporate producers occupy streets...and stuff.  occupywallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbest takedown fox news producer  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13bravo  hope cause grows  rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rtbless  sir  spirit  rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event.rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rt& donating 100% royalties tonite wall st protests. east village  st marks books  7pmur  awesome rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13rti am @  occupywallstreet deliver 100% royalties tonite event. day 13
rtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreet“times freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreet”rttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."times freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreet
gonzalez taking millions baby   york daily news york daily newsgonzalez taking milli...rtcampaigns dependent pollsters consultants & tv times expensive rising cost lies  tyranny  & spin   usdorrtconsider arrest  occupywallstreet victory  protest rite passage. intended discourage. don it.there time republicans senseoccupywallst  occupyuk look pic.rtabc 7 news "occupy la demonstrators march city hall"  occupyla   takewallstreetrtoccupywallstreet considered bunch silly kids establishment biggest nightmare country700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job revolutions.me  int13h  ontheair700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job revolutions.me  int13h  oui people700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job revolutions.me  int13h word  outlirr svc temporarily suspended directions penn station & jamaica & atlantic terminal & jamaica. @ cbsnewyork.comclothes consent   slutwalkers york city (it hypothetical nypd askin...is connect directly various occupations?  needsoftheoccupiersmake occupations  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet protesters amazing discipline control actions nypd  viathey lock hours effects revolution generations  occupyamerica  occupy"wall street protesters sue city demonstration continues"    garciavbloombergrtwow. shocking  unions  occupywallstreet suddenly violent.  coincidence?rtmillions americans supported arab spring   time action home  takewallstreetrtgood news   hallmark considers  unemployment stay  rolls line greeting cards   p2  usdor700 brooklyn bridge  occupywallstreet headline creating job revolutions.me  int13h  13moon powerupdate 700 arrested  occupywallstreet protest demonstrators nypd shut brooklyn bridge
rtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycsome kept secret.  late   “report feds stinger missiles nyc   fb  bigfailrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycumm  yikes? "the secret service brings stinger missiles whenever commander chief manhattan." (via)report fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtour scientific power outrun spiritual power. guided missiles misguided  occupywallstreetrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nyc wowrtour scientific power outrun spiritual power. guided missiles misguided  occupywallstreetrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nycrtreport fromfeds stinger missiles  capable bringing hijacked plane  nyc
rtthe diversity food  occupywallstreet impressive. mango chutney matzah.  sep17  takewallstreetrtthe diversity food  occupywallstreet impressive. mango chutney matzah.  sep17  takewallstreetrtrtu/d manhattan  5 people chopper  2  1 unconscious. harbor  scuba divers deployed.   fdnyrthelicopter crashes nyc east river; nypd divers rescue survivors  missinghelicopter crashes nyc east river; nypd divers rescue survivors  missing  police divers searching the...rthow reach consensus diverse people (getting bigger time)?after experiencing  occupywallst  diverse  predominately gathered afar. organized.rtwe 50 portraits protesters @  occupywallst. demographics diverse movement momentumrtu/d manhattan fdr drive & 34 st 5 people chopper  2 1 unconscious. harbor  scuba divers deployed. 3:34:05 pmrtlive o/s   divers nypd fdny coming... 1 guy missingtourist helicopter crashes nyc east river; nypd divers rescue four; dead   aviation  tourism  riskrtafter experiencing  occupywallst  diverse  predominately gathered afar. organized.rtbreaking fdr drive & 34 st   5 people helicopter. 2 1 unconscious. scuba divers deployed. (via)  nycrthelicopter update body missing passenger brought police diversrtu/d manhattan fdr drive & 34 st 5 people chopper  2 1 unconscious. harbor  scuba divers deployed. 3:34:05 pmalso hoping diversity — don white dudes  thx.rtafter experiencing  occupywallst  diverse  predominately gathered afar. organized.rtafter experiencing  occupywallst  diverse  predominately gathered afar. organized.rtoccupywallstreet aka white boys club.  needsoftheoccupiers ? honest diversity."liberal admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst   tcot  tlot" diversity paid forrthelicopter goes east river manhattan; nypd divers rescue ppl; 5 aboard..
occupywallstreet beware statistics decieve  99% simply means 1 100 citizens millionaires deservingly.rtthe intimidation doesn nypd. online well. beware.rtthe intimidation doesn nypd. online well. beware.ok  cops chainsawed little girl bike half. trying trigger anger. beware   occupywallstreetrtalso don feed trolls. rtbeware  nypd pretending protesters online  occupywallstreetrtbeware nypd pretending protesters online  occupywallstreet  ows  takebackwallstreet  usdorrtrtalso don feed trolls. rtbeware  nypd pretending pr… (cont)rtoccupy infiltrated  1% own  occupys beware  verified list   occupywallstrtbeware nypd pretending protesters online  occupywallstreet  ows  takebackwallstreet  usdorrtalso don feed trolls. rtbeware  nypd pretending protesters online  occupywallstreetbeware masked protestor   occupywallstreet  ows  occupy (pls rt)beware masked protestor   occupywallstreet  ows  occupy (please retweet)rtoccupy infiltrated  1% own  occupys beware  verified list   occupywallstbeware campaign "confides" name feared opponent}nytimes romney waits g.o.p. flirts w/ alternatesrtoccupy  occupywallst streams knowledge  beware occupy infiltrators   trust manifesono politics.  leadership.  movement   co opted  beware democratic party  occupywallstrtoccupy infiltrated  1% own  occupys beware  verified list   occupywallstalso don feed trolls. rtbeware  nypd pretending protesters online  occupywallstreetrtdearbeware janehamshire  fake. hand puppet norquist. don fooled. wolves doorrtnypd beware  martyr bring tens thousands  occupywallstreetrtnypd beware  martyr bring tens thousands  occupywallstreet  true
i obama peace prize using unmanned drones.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet flaws  system  ll look reform.  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet winner takes equals democracy elite (and ll gladly money  too).  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  senator probably millionaire.  takewallstreet  takecityhallthe average net worth  senate $13 989 022.98.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  takecityhallthe average net worth  house $4 670 831.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  top investments  congress politicians ge bofa.  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  takecityhall  18%  eligible voters chosen majority holding representatives.occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  takecityhall  40% sweden eligible voters chosen majority holding representatives.occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  takecityhall  read democraciesoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet city hall currently available change  via political process taking.  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet wall street functions directly linked  political system.  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet nation  separated time   takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  political system deregulated wall street extent run money.  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet obama peace prize  tried stop race bottom happening.  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet race bottom effect; amounts capital waiting line.  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet timing melt headed election interesting.  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet control wall street? representative be?  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  democracy lead global outcome (1929  2008). stop repetition good.  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet representatives voted tax breaks companies moving jobs dictatorial states.  takecityhalloccupywallstreet  takewallstreet unemployment sustained  economy booming.   takecityhall
rtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)rtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)rtservadv  4  5  6 affected ongoing incidents  bklyn manhattan. expect dealysrtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)the word "the nypd pepper spraying incident:"  nypd officer pepper sprayed  occupywallstreet protesters.more news pepper spray incident  occupywallstreetrtrtthe ny times confirmed bridge incident trap.  occupywallstreetglad hear mace spraying incidents.pepper spray videos spark furor nypd launches probe  occupywallstreet protest incidents  ny daily newsrtpepper spray videos spark furor nypd launches probe  occupywallstreet protest incidents  ny daily newsrtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)occupywallst sincere  misplaced anger.  radiohead incident. ultimately fail purpose.rtla crónica en el york times de la periodista freelancesobre los incidentes del puente brooklynrtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)rtoccupywallstreet attended community march passing worth street  broadway. incident. nypd great.nypd probe pepper spray incidents officer bologna taped confrontation.nypd investigate wall street pepper spray incidentrtsep17 nypd investigate pepper spray incident ‘occupy wall street’ protest (wcbstv.com ...   occupywallstreetmsnbc video nypd pepper spraying incidentrtoccupywallstreet attended community march passing worth street  broadway. incident. nypd great.rtthe york times editorialized incident brooklyn bridge police entrapment (thx)
october 5th   march wall st   join virtual march    occupywallst  occupywallstnycrtnolesvotes  15m  15o  worldrevolution  ows virtual march wallstreet wednesday support  occupywallstreetrtsupports  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  takewallstreet   virtual march  takewallstreet moveon.org....virtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viartv police brutality  occupywallstreet  yogavirtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viafbfeet street  rt"virtually" marching disturb wall street.  occupywallstreet  99percentvirtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viartvirtual march  wallstreet wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viavirtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viavirtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viavirtual march wall street wednesday support  occupywallstreet  viatoday  launch occupy  occupywallstreet campaign     virtualmarch  throwmoney  needsoftheoccupiers  theameriacnwayoccupy  occupywallstreet     virtualmarch  throwmoney  needsoftheoccupiers  revolution  ows  theameriacnwayoccupy  occupywallstreet     virtualmarch  throwmoney  needsoftheoccupiers  theameriacnwayoccupy  occupywallstreet     virtualmarch  throwmoney  needsoftheoccupiers  theamericanwayi launched occupy  occupywallstreet     virtualmarch  throwmoney  needsoftheoccupiers  theamericanwaytoday  launch occupy  occupywallstreet campaign     virtualmarch  throwmoney  needsoftheoccupiers  theamericanwayoccupy  occupywallstreet     virtualmarch  throwmoney  needsoftheoccupiers  theamericanway  doit i?nyoccupy  occupywallstreet     needsoftheoccupiers  throwmoney  theamericanway  virtualmarch  doit i?nyyes  "live"  occupy  occupywallstreet     needsoftheoccupiers  throwmoney  virtualmarch i?ny
rthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreet“how peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreet”rthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrtq  rthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrtrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreetrthow peaceful people  nypd arrest 2 protect bankers? count stands 800.  occupywallstreet  p2ny
rtrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdormas de 100 policias se niegan trabajar en apoyo al movimiento occupy wall street [eng]rtoccupywallst se extiende  eeuu de austin portland  boston salt lake city       15m  15o  acampadasol  9deagostortusccgac heard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtomg... rtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  sep17  usdor  owsrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtallaroundtheworld  reasons15o entodoelmundo  razones15o unidglobalchangertheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdorrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtlaugh little today. pic   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  antibanks  yeswecamp  acampadaalgunos hahstags recomendados(puedes poner varios la vez)  acampadasol  acampadagranada  15m  15o . en usa   ows  takewallstreetrtlaugh little today. pic   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17  antibanks  yeswecamp  acampadartoccupywallstreet  s21  acampadaberlin  berlin  germanrevolution  worldrevolution  news  truth   vijesti  ????  ??rtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsla policía de nueva york detiene 500 indignados por ocupar el puente de brooklyn   15m  occupywallst  acampadasol  nycoccupywallst se extiende  eeuu de austin portland  boston salt lake city       15m  15o  acampadasol  9deagostortheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtheard  peoplesmic  occupywallstreet spread 683 cities worldwide   acampada  yeswecamp  sep17  usdor  antibanks  owsrtallo la  france?  les usa se réveillent  suivez  occupywallstreet   la  globalrevolution est en marche   15m

rtyup. wicked awesome. :) rtokay  official boston accent.rtif information happened bridge please text me.  takewallstreetrtthis mindblowing me.  occupywallstreet protestors using  people microphoneorganizing portland  or. guys awesome. hoping grow ours larger.rtthank representing concerns  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet congressman representing me.rtoccupywallstreet america plotted asian & african countries  own day come." dog day" (luv dat saying)rt.pants  huh? believe anyway. thanks driving home. | don believe media. eyes   99percentrtnyc calling me. tempting me. grabbing shirt purchase flight  cover  occupywallstreet  bailmoneyew. “if lirr  head penn station. closed due crowd conditions time.”this happened me...bull shit..plan simple  viabecause  dollar sign peace mind    awesome...  occupywallstreet  occupyuticany  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  owschk  . world terrifies me.  fbrtif information happened bridge please text me.  takewallstreetrtplease join support occupy hawaii set 2 protest nov. 1. people/ideas welcome.rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.i jealous sounds fun  3rd shift time. rttoo cold slee...rtnypd  occupywallstreet arrest  come. re throwing water gremlins.rt2004 rnc cost $50 mil cop overtime. saying. mtnypd  ows demonstrations cost nyc $2 million cop overtime.rtchgo tribune  wash post  nytimes wrong   gun ownership cause crime.greg mitchell "the nation" blogging  occupywallstreet   occupy   occupyamerica    occupyusa time.rtrtif  occupywallst  occupywallstreet comp  charge phn  shower  etc... @ me. live near
fashionista stars fashion couture – sleek couture comfortable tempt fashion taste buds...rtkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ...   york daily newspr9anthonyryan fashion review stuart vevers loewe vivienne westwood catwalkspr9anthonyryan fashion review chloé  givenchy  hermès  john galliano  stella mccartney fashion reviewpr9anthonyryan fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rton runway blog riccardo tisci phoebe philo paris fashion weekkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012mario testino   30 camera   fashion  photography via"fashion armor survive reality everyday life"   bill cunninghamfashionista stars jennifer angel aries individual style   appearance important; fill you...kanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...mall kids paris followfor fashion  beauty lifestyle news headlines. s...rtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…fashionista stars jennifer angel aries individual style   appearance important; fill you...kanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ...   fashionkanye west paris fashion week rapper prejudices celeb designers ... ap kanye west proved critics...rtthose chinatown buses nyc boston beyond kept prices low fashioned hustle. oh  guns. storypr9anthonyryan fashion review chloé  givenchy  hermès  john galliano  stella mccartney fashion reviewrtfashion review carven  isabel marant  pedro lourenço paris fashion reviewfashionista stars
wants with>fail  (cont)rtthe meeting  occupymemphis mon @ 6pm. learn   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  usdor  owsrtwtf  rtconfirmed rtrtaccount suspended twitter““severe thunderstorm warning60+ mph winds  (cont)rtrtcity police arresting protesters brooklyn bridgertrtsevere thunderstorm warning60+ mph winds  hail reported yonkersrtrtcity police arresting protesters brooklyn bridgertrt   boost   occupy charleston inviting people prepare assemblies city.rtwants with>fail  shamertrtcity police arresting protesters brooklyn bridgeit fucking academy  wouldn it. hmph.bikenyc wear helmet  mtsevere storm warning issued nyc   quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rt. rtgovernment (& corporate) corruption left wing issue. american issue.  usdor  ows  occupymemphisrtrta severe storm warning issued nyc   quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtof course happens day wearing alaia heels :i rtsevere storm warning issued quarter sized hail/60 mph windsrta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtrteach car drives 80mph instead 70mph increase fuel consumption 20% emi… (cont)"ww ii vets  occupywallstreet  talkin   bout   ows  occupymemphisrta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.
rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetwall street protesters quietly nypd cops support efforts  time understood left fights rights 2rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.scots  mps majority  voted fr you* leave quietly* forgive* forget  occupyscotland  antisecrtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtshout arrested today. succeed thanks you. & won quietly darkness.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.
rttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallsttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying int rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrttoday  1 4 credit card holders paying rates 20%. usury.  occupywallstreet  occupywallst
rtnypd arresting child  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest   viartnypd mace beat protesters  occupywallstreet  viaoccupywallst becoming  occupybayst  canadartorder coming tomorrow prevents belongings touching ground.  occupysf  ows  occupywallstreetlirr svc temporarily suspended directions penn station & jamaica & atlantic terminal & jamaica. @ cbsnewyork.comrtit takes 20 minutes shift blame   occupywallstrtmichael moore atwitho donnell on40 minutes ago   usdorrtmichael moore atwitho donnell on40 minutes ago   usdorthank retweet didn expect that. walking crazy cute dog mine 2 watch minute.is  occupywallst look zombie takeover. mindless zombies. "free stuff. free stuff  aarrrrgggg "silminnäkijäraportti brooklyn bridgeltä  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  owsrtnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupyoccupywallstreet  continue  libertysquare nationwide  recommend watch 10 min documentaryjust spent couple minutes walking flat  speaking american accent talking time starring nypd blue.as do.lie   wall street criminals bribe nypd  police round hundreds peaceful occupy wall street protestersrti suggest search renewable fuel over. look  occupywallstreet protesters..they re methane gold minertn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsrtthis mindblowing me.  occupywallstreet protestors using  people microphonertoccupywallstreet  ows rtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told sta… (cont)rtrtchanges reprt  occupywallst after20 mins shifting blame police2 protesters.rtnytimes changing story protect people power undermine  occupy
pr9anthonyryan fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikesrtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012pr9anthonyryan fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtamy goodman  ows makes sense  rtenoughisenough  occupywallstreet   ourwallstreet  wiunion  miunion  ohunion  anonymousi  occupywallst shit load tents. bet tents sell real premium there.from  nytfinds family premiums climbed $15k 2011; worer paying ~$4 100 & employer ~$10 900.rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012your soaring <b>insurance</b> premiumsrtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012new survey projects employee health premiums survey major employers workers s...rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012

rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…nytimes céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier + yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul (cont)dtn fashion fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier an...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion  mode fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  je...rtfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto:…fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...delivers  fashion review xe9;line  comme des gar xe7;ons  haider ackermann  junya watdelivers  fashion review xe9;line  comme des gar xe7;ons  haider ackermann  junya watrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...latest news fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier an...rtfashion fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yo...fashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...rtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewrtcéline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamamoto paris reviewfashion review céline  comme des garçons  haider ackermann  junya watanabe  jean paul gaultier yohji yamam...
deal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...tech deal sites fading allure  merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...deal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...rtdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants   june  groupon preparing public valuation ...deal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...deal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...rtyeah  remember daily deals? rtdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants  viawho didn coming? rtdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...deal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...rtdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchantsrtdeal sites fading allure merchantsdeal sites fading allure merchants entrepreneurs question usefulness pitting customers se...
rtwelcomeoccupygainesville  occupyflorida     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtdetenciones masivas en el pte de brooklin  ocuppywallstreet directo tv   usrevolution   ourwallstreet  o15  15m  17th rtrtwelcomeoccupyalbany  occupynewyork     ows  usrevolution     o15  globalchange  usdor  the99%  99percentrto15 occupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics (the woman rebel  "no go...   occupywallstreetrtwelcomeoccupycolumbus  occupyohio     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtrtanonymous  occupywallstreet  call  action     usrevolution  globalchange  o15  newyork  wallstreetsolidarity  99percent  occupywallstreet  15o  worldrevolution 15.10.2011 united  globalchange   o15rise  o15  99percent  occupywallstreet  worldrevolution 15.10.2011 united  globalchange   15o  15mrise  o15  99percent  occupywallstreet  worldrevolution 15.10.2011 united  globalchange  15o  15mrtwelcomeoccupygainesville  occupyflorida     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtwelcomeoccupymichigan     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdor  the99%  99percentrtwelcome    occupynewyork  occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  globalchange  usdor  the99%rtmaking waves | dylan ratigan  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  o15  15oct  usdor  usrevolution    viartwelcomeoccupycleveland     occupyohio  ows  usrevolution    o15  occupytogether  usdor  the99rtwelcomeoccupycolumbus  occupyohio     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtwelcomeoccupycolumbus  occupyohio     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtmore montana sopporting  thanks   occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdor  occupy  idahortwelcomeoccupypuertorico  occupypr    occupywallstreet  usrevolution    o15  15oct  globalchange  usdor vialistrtwelcomeoccupysarasota  occupflorida     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtwelcomeoccupytucson  occupyarizona     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdorrtwelcomeoccupyoakland  occupycalifornia     occupywallstreet  usrevolution     o15  oct15  15oct  globalchange  usdor
add  occupy_seattle website adbustersrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthe occupation spread boston  denver  la  san fransisco  seattle.  99percent  occupywallstreet   occupytheworldrtcrowd swelling arrival march. huge   occupseattleoccupyseattle holding ga intersection 4th & pike   occupytogether  owsrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtmember cities  occupywallstreet movement 2any time supportha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha raining  pouring ..ha ha ha  occupywallstreet  stupid  liberals  sgprthopegot ugroped/change $changedfrom yr hand 2his  marxist  occupywallstreet  stupid  liberal  sgp  p2  sotobservations jailed journalist   goo.gl/vrvk4  occupywallstreet  takebackamerica  usdor  sept17  october11  occupyseattleamericapolicestate "we wall street protesters means necessary."  occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  usdorrtbig crowd march occupy seattle   ows  occupywallstreetrtraleigh reno rhode island richmond san diego san francisco seal beach seattle south carolina south dakota tallahassee tampa tennessee  usdorrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstespecially fl gop primary elections state....noh8rtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  usdor  anonymous  occupyseattle don moveon & dem. amer. sully name  99percent accepting supportrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallst
best. signage. ever.  occupywallstreet  viartfastest. launch. ever. night.   occupywallst  occupywallstreet  indiefilm  hellacoolrtpatience & perseverance.  people  shut political process round.  promise.  forever.  usdorrtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.    viaif nation sick  doctor ever.  ronpaul2012  endthefed  occupywallstreetrtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.  viartcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.    viartrtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.    viartoccupywallstreet trolls  word "earn" vocabulary.  "gimme" figures prominently  however.  handouts  tcotrtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.    viartcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.    viartrtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever. twitpic.com/6u1ukqrti ll  occupywallstreet late tomorrow afternoon. late never...rtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.fastest. launch. ever.  night.    occupywallst  occupywallstreet  indiefilm  hellacoolrtrtcongratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.lovert "congratulations  occupywallst  ve arrived. bestheadlines ever.
rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rtnypd police vs mediateam:take tarp attempt shutdown media center   documenting 3 arrests repostrtows police arrest girl?  nypd focus ppl cameras  documentingrti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rtvideo documenting  nypd leading protesters onto bridge.   occupywallstreetrti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rtgood god… “nypd beating fuck outta photographers documenting occupy wall street protests >>rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rti am 1 700  occupywallst arrested bk bridge documenting history  video "occupy everything"rtnypd police vs mediateam:take tarp attempt shutdown media center   documenting 3 arrests repost
gi bill 2.0 cuts veteran benefits todayrtslow economy benefits food trucksrtnypd  benefits cut  kids trying save them.  occupywallstreetsome unemployed fault extension jobless benefits  york timesrtdemand govment  1) pardon loans 2) stop foreclosures 3) tax walst 4 healthcare 4) raise ss 5) nowar | lolyea benefits expired   dontbefooled rtunemployment claims droprtwhen gop starts removing nypd rights  lowering wages & stealing benefits  don call  won support nypd. fk yourtnypd  benefits cut  kids trying save them.  occupywallstreetrtnypd  benefits cut  kids trying save them.  occupywallstreet  occupyportland  occupytogether  fbsome unemployed fault extension jobless benefits president obama urges congress act renewi...rtwho controls controls who... provoking piece.regulation benefits larger players otherwise?rtjudicial systems protecting rights  benefits few.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  99percent  owsthe texas tribune el paso  storm benefits gay partnersrtnypd  benefits cut  kids trying save them.  occupywallstreetrtevery $1 avg lobbyist firm spends targeted tax benefits return b/w $6 $20.   usdor  occupywallstreetrtsome unemployed fault extension jobless benefits   tcot  p2  mapolimaking strides breast cancer oct. 16; fund raising walk benefits research patientsoccupywallst  factual flyers 4 police pensions/ benefits privatized  blue collars sideusdor pls factual flyers 4 police pensions/ benefits privatized  blue collars sidertevery $1 avg lobbyist firm spends targeted tax benefits return b/w $6 $20.   usdor  occupywallstreeta lowly bar soap yields benefits $  medical tech    healthcare  hcr  ptsafety  hygiene  fb


rtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetsurveillance video jewelery store thieves manhattan heist john doyle police released surveillence c...rtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetsurveillance video jewelery store thieves manhattan heist john doyle police released surveillence c...rtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreetsurveillance video jewelery store thieves manhattan heist john doyle police released surveillence c...surveillance video jewelery store thieves manhattan heist john doyle police released surveillence c...bffs  ladies  surveillance video jewelery store thieves manhattan heist john d...  : 0  gemla  tweet medon forget  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  thieves banksters ready fightrtthe thieves palaces  counting loot. people hammering palace gates.  occupywallstreet
rtphoto jpmorgan chase & co donates unorecedented $4.6 million nypd?if true  explains a...jpmorgan donates 4 million nypd protests. scared much?  occupywallstreet  ows  occupyrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrtplease  usdor "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallst" ericallenbell.orgplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtj.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd  .for laptops & security monitoring software.rtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd eve protests   occupywallstreet  ows  ajstream  opesr  oct15  a99jpmorgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd  ows protests | ology  viartjp morgan chase bank donates 4.6 million nypd coincidence?rtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyjpmorgan chase donates millions nypd prior mass arrests occupy wall streetwell isn convenient? jpmorgan "donates" 4.6 million nypdrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrt"j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd"   occupywallstreet  usdor viartrtjpmorgan donates $4.6mil nypd. date n/a appears google search 4days ago. kelly ...rtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million  nypd eve protests   news  banks  briberyjpmorganchase recently donates $4.6 million dollars fund  nypd?   occupywallstreetthere   question answered““rtjpmorgan donates $4.6mil (cont)rtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation historyrtjp morgan chase donates $4.6 million nypd light  occupywallstreet  largest jp morgan donation history
rtjp morgan donated 4.6 million nypd peddles foodstamps hoodoccupythehoodrtthe $4.6 million jpmorgan chase donated nypd purchase pepper spray dose 8.2 million protesters.rtjp morgan donated 4.6million nypd  scaredall beautiful donated food hand sanitizer.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtjp morgan donated 4.6 million nypd peddles foodstamps hood    @...jp morgan donated money june 2011  ows.rt.is true j.p. morgan donated $5 million nypd day 700 anti bank protestors arrested?rtcorp. "responsibility"  jpmorgan donated $4.6m nypd fund 2010    occupywallstreetrtover 500 arrested  jpmorganchase donated 4.6 million dollars 2 nypdrtah  ok jpmorganchase donated "unprecedented" $4.6 million nypd  occupywallstreet  owsah  ok jpmorganchase donated "unprecedented" $4.6 million nypd  occupywallstreet  owsrtpurchasing security.  jpmorgan chase donated $4.6 million  nypd     ows  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetcorp. "responsibility"  jpmorgan donated $4.6m nypd fund 2010    occupywallstreetrtj.p morgan donated unprecedented $4.6 million york city police foundation.   occupywallstreetrtjpmorgan chase recently donated $4.6million nypd foundation;  occupywallstreet reason?   antisec  usdor  a99wow  rtthank god closed chase account. donated 4.6 million nypd deter  occupywallstreetjpmorganchase recently donated unprecedented $4.6 million york city police foundation.   occupywallstreetrtjp morgan donated 4.6 million nypd peddles foodstamps hoodoccupythehoodrtjpm buys nypd// jpmorgan chase recently donated unprecedented $4.6 million york city police foundation.rtjpmorgan chase donated unprecedented $4.6 million nypd. strengthen security. explains nypd beating protesters. vomit.hey  occupywallstreet tell charities accept $416 million johnson & johnson donated yr  gp  p1  p2  tcot  tlot  cspj
obama endorse base camp.   beloved street agitators.rtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres staycenter camp. union iron workers tent "we ...rtrtdozens cop cars atencampment. threatening tear camp. plz coverrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayhave move camp.rtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help. police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stay
rtkrugman seeing rise popular movement  unlike  teaparty  angry people.   owsrtrtrt"frances fox piven "we desperately popular uprising united states"  occ‘diggnation ’ popular web talk  december show’s founders  kevin rose alex albrecht  say...the popular kids daily   ? top stories viathe popular kids daily   ? top stories viartrt"frances fox piven "we desperately popular uprising united states"  occrtkrugman "we seeing rise popular movement  unlike tea party  angry people"   owsrtpopular movements don win victories demands. win displaying power.  occupywallstreetrtthis popular movement. people rising up. finally time system back.  ows  occupywallstreetoccupy wall street   rise popular movement  unlike tea party  angry peoplertrtrt"frances fox piven "we desperately popular uprising united states"  occrtkrugman seeing rise popular movement  unlike  teaparty  angry people.   owson t/bandwagon votespolitical hopefuls occupy wall street march gain popular groundrtkrugman seeing rise popular movement  unlike  teaparty  angry people.   ows&were onb4 popular.ur late. care cities likertkrugman seeing rise popular movement  unlike  teaparty  angry people.   owscuomo promises double business contracts awarded women ... cuomo remains highly popular ...rtpeace prize manning & assange lead popular votert"frances fox piven "we desperately popular uprising united states"  occupywallstreet  "rti twitter  popular contraceptive  africa increases risk  hiv vianyt  diggnation   popular web talk  stopt ermee
rtrevenge congress threatens deepen palestinian poverty    palestine  usdorrtlawrence lessig accuses u.s. congress corruption thecollegian   rootstrikers  usdorrt1970 3% congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykstrtcongressalso received 10k citizens united.  sources tells sent memo dhs control  ows  occupywallstreet  usdorrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtwhy  occupywallstreet? banks own congress & wh. jpmorgan chase paid nypd $4.6 million "keep safe."rtbernanke  obama  congress increase  economic growth  /i hear  gop saying  fuckyou benrtthank representing concerns  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet congressman representing me.rtstop money  congress. save country  wallstreet.  usdor  ows. azz israel & congress     ows  occupywallstreetrtin 2009  lobbyists spent $3.5b representing $6.5m elected congress representative.   usdor  occupykst  occupydc  oct6rt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" viausdor  rootstrikers  ocupywallstreetrt1974 total spent candidates congress $77m. 1982 $343m 450% increase 8 years. 2010 $1.8b (525% increase)  usdor  occupydcrtwow mtrtoccupyamerica  congress mentioned (cont)rtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrt1970 3%  congress lobbyists. 1998 2004 50% senate & 42% house lobbyists.  usdor  occupykst   fascismwhy  occupywallstreet? banks own congress & wh. jpmorgan chase paid nypd $4.6 million "keep safe."politics  gop indiana congressman tries bribe gay escort ...  blackberry & ipad gonna     fbrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykst
"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrtsalon.com "jailed covering wall street protests" eye witness reports.   occupywallstreet  usdorrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupyclevelandrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupycleveland"jail bankers" love jailing people land free  usurp power instead  owsrt"tax rich" "jail bankers" "end corporate welfare"  demands   ows  ourwallstreet  occupycleveland
rtyes  rtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsrtyes  rtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsrtyes  rtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsrtrtsix reasons  occupy  revolution difficult co opt defeat.   occupywallstreetrtrtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owshope great.post pictures fla feel rick scott landrtyes  rtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsrtyes  rtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsrtsix reasons  occupy  revolution difficult co opt defeat.   occupywallstreetrtyes  rtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsrtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsrtrtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsrtsix reasons  occupy  revolution difficult co opt defeat.   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet attended community march passing worth street  broadway. incident. nypd great.answers questions eat.   snacks  farmtotable  sundaydinnerrtrtsix reasons  occupy  revolution difficult co opt defeat.   occupywallstreetrtrtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsrtrt cairo wall street people voices beat.   sept17  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  vibeapp  owsrtoccupywallstreet attended community march passing worth street  broadway. incident. nypd great.rtyes  rtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owsrtyes  rtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  ows
nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\nnypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...nypd spied city muslim anti terror partners \n    (ap)\n ap   reda shata considered partner ...
rtoccupywallstreet protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsrtoccupywallstreet nypd accused heavy handed tactics wall street protests (mail & guardian)  occupy wall ...rtnew york ny cop accused threatening arrest assaulted cabbie instead taking report & arresting assailant [3]rto15 occupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics (the woman rebel  "no go...   occupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics  viartny mayor bloomberg takes stand trial gop political consultant accused stealing $1.1 millionrtoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics brooklyn bridge arrestsrtoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics brooklyn bridge arrestsoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics ... 1000 people arrested t...ny mayor bloomberg takes stand trial gop political consultant accused stealing $1.1 million 2009 campaignny mayor bloomberg takes stand trial gop political consultant accused stealing $1.1 millionnews update occupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsrtny mayor bloomberg takes stand trial gop political consultant accused stealing $1.1 million...occupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tactics  viaoccupywallstreetoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsrt"law & svu" episode coach accused sex abuse ripped straight pages daily newsoccupy wall street protest nypd accused heavy handed tacticsrt"law & svu" episode coach accused sex abuse ripped straight pages daily news
rtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetrtagreed. nypd enemies  re fulfilling role. getting arrested successful protest.filling jails nyc.occupywallstreet bailout+stimulus largest xfer wealth public >private history.rtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetrtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetrtfilling anchoringlate morning afternoon today...feel free toss rotten fruits vegetables screen : )rtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  ppl filling street now.  occupywallstreetrtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetrtwow. mtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street.  occupywallstreetrtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetrtagreed. nypd enemies  re fulfilling role. getting arrested successful protest.rtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetrtagreed. nypd enemies  re fulfilling role. getting arrested successful protest.rtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetcollecting donations  needsoftheoccupiers . filling van dropping supplies  occcupywallstreet 10/7.rtagreed. nypd enemies  re fulfilling role. getting arrested successful protest.rtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetthe self fulfilling prophecy internet   occupywallstreetrtwow  rtcentre st closed veh traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreetrtrtcentre st closed vehicular traffic  people filling street now.  occupywallstreet.tying police  occupywallstreet & filling precincts preaceful protesters green light criminals.
rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.dearhow defend actions officers city? punishment handled?  occupywallstreet  nypdrti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.manmohan singh late indira gandhi handled telangana issue earlier.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rtrtrespect tofor ve handled  occupydenver. ...rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.i child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.disgusts nypd handled protestors essentially trapping bridge "legal arrest"  entrapmentrtdearhow defend actions officers city? punishment handled?  occupywallstreet  nypdnypd abuses 2be met w/ suspensions w/o pay. cops mint overtime now. handled poorly  ll fuel protests.  owsrti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.rti child arrested live feed afternoon handled proud her.
rtphoto jpmorgan chase & co donates unorecedented $4.6 million nypd?if true  explains a...rtoccupywallstreet  ows rtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told sta… (cont)rtthis disturbing editorial choice.  care explain yourself?rtnew york finest   occcupywallstreet   bloomberg explaining do...proof cops breaking law   nypdso 4 freedom expression speech  demamding egypt  libya syria  ect. told  stop complaining   occupywallstreetrtit inequality  stupid 11 charts explain wrong america   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtreally nice article  occupywallst explain impt ongoingrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetsource rex fields complaints schottyrtrtoccupy wall street explained   owsrtan nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtrather complain re doing  join conversation  movement  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetrtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401rthere arrested development movie & tv episodes  explained mitch hurwitz nyer festival.rtwell golly gee explain nypd determined stupid regarding  occupywallstreetrtcall nypd now&complain 500 arrests brooklyn bridge reports claim children arrested(212) 741 8401plainclothes police demos  uniform wave thru.  undercovercopsrtan  nypd officer plain clothes flashes badge told staff support & stop  occupywallstreetmust read... gasp boutique complaint response letter goes viral  manager shop ...   socialmedia  smm
rtviewership 3000+ don stop  friends & family watching   occupywallstreet  occupyknoxville  owsrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreetrtas police arrests happened  livestream views ~8 000 20 000+. stand  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtrtrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreet /  1%problems  makebankspayrtrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreetrtas police arrests happened  livestream views ~8 000 20 000+. stand  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrt1 000+ ppl march las vegas strip solidarity w/  ows  occupywallstreet (seen front bellagio)   occupylvrtrtrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreet /  1%problems  makebankspayrtoccupy  occupywallst manifesto hitting 1 000+ guests day occupymanifesto.proboards.com support amazing  fight untilrtrtrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreet /  1%problems  makebankspayrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreet3 000+ slated protest city hall austin   occupyaustin  owsrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreetrtrtrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreet /  1%problems  makebankspayrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreetrtoccupy  occupywallst manifesto hitting 1 000+ guests day occupymanifesto.proboards.com support amazing  fight untilrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreetrtoccupy  occupywallst manifesto hitting 2 000+ guests 24 hours  humbled  thanksrtrtrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreet /  1%problems  makebankspayas police arrests happened  livestream views ~8 000 20 000+. stand  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrt700 arrested. 10 000+ place.  ows  takewallstreet
how? plan  leders  walking .rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rt*sigh* mthighlights substantial rewrite lede inarticle arrestsrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.i love nydn lede  though. "are ready stupidity?"rthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.les «indignés» de wall street ont un allié en george soros  viaoccupywallst  worldrevolution  canada  usdorrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rt"protests wall street gained momentum today..." lede pbs news hour report  occupywallstreet now.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.he world famous arab. rtthe lede blog steve jobs  son syrian  embraced arab world nyti.ms/oexki8oof  rthighlights substantial rewrite lede inarticle arrests. i51.tinypic.com/296i2iq.jpgrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtwow. rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.rtrthighlights substantial rewrite lede nytimes article arrests.
rtrtprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe 2 communicate anonymously   owsrtrtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtthe social media app occupy wall street protesters zuccotti park communicate anonymouslyrtinteresting rtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe communicate anonymouslyprivacy people  occupywallstreet protesters social media communicate anonymously  ny daily newsrtthe social media app occupy wall street protesters zuccotti park communicate anonymouslyprivacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe communicate anonymously   owsrtinteresting rtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtoccupywallst protesters vibe app communicate anonymously. acts localized twitter   vibeapprtinteresting rtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtthe social media app occupy wall street protesters zuccotti park communicate anonymouslyrtthe social media app occupy wall street protesters zuccotti park communicate anonymouslyrtthe social media app occupy wall street protesters zuccotti park communicate anonymouslyrtoccupy wall street protesters nyc zuccotti park using iphone & android app communicate   anonymouslyrtsome occupy wall street protesters using social media app called vibe communicate anonymously  (by me)rtrtsocial media app  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymouslyrtoccupy wall street protesters nyc zuccotti park using iphone & android app communicate   anonymouslyrtthe social media app occupy wall street protesters zuccotti park communicate anonymouslyrtnydn vibe app allows  occupywallstreet protesters communicate anonymously  recommended  hyperempowermentleest "privacy people wall street protesters social media app vibe communicate anonymously"  read
rtoccupywallstreet nypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours   p2  lgbt  gay  equality  nyc  dem  noh8rtjustin adkins "transgender special" thanks nypd.   sickening treatment.rtthe nypd ashamed hideous treatment transgendered arrestees  occupywallstreet.the nypd ashamed hideous treatment transgendered arrestees  occupywallstreet.rtthe nypd ashamed hideous treatment transgendered arrestees  occupywallstreet.rtin missed  acquaintance mistreated nypd transgender shared statementphoto transgender ‘occupy wall street’ protester segregated  humiliated nypd arrest  detention...rtoccupywallstreet nypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours   p2  lgbt  gay  equality  nyc  dem  noh84 yrs italian jails amanda knox landing healthy seattle  news  nypd abuses transgender jail 4 8 hrsrtnypd chains transgender protester jail wall eight hours foul toilet  laughing   wtfrtnypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours; verbally & physically humiliated   occupywallstreet  lgbtrttransgender  occupy wall street  protester segregated  humiliated nypd arrest  detention |gay...rtthe nypd ashamed hideous treatment transgendered arrestees  occupywallstreet.rtnypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours; verbally & physically humiliated   occupywallstreet  lgbt«occupywallstreet nypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours (cont)rtthe nypd ashamed hideous treatment transgendered arrestees  occupywallstreet.occupy wall street nypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours  viatransgender  occupy wall street  protester segregated  humiliated nypd arrest  detention  vianypd chains transgender jail restroom 8 hours; verbally & physically humiliated   occupywallstreet  lgbtwas transgender  occupy wall street  protester segregated  humiliated nypd arrest  detentiontransgender  occupy wall street  protester segregated  humiliated nypd arrest  detention  via
the french strong middle class. revolt strike. work. salutertlawrence lessig accuses u.s. congress corruption thecollegian   rootstrikers  usdorvideo nypd officer repeatedly swings & strikes protesters baton   ows 2 2 himawlaki strike u.s. shift drones terror fight    fly.. bird. bombi am twitter  ghandi hunger strike kep protest tactics here?oh yeah?? bill buckner strikes  .can blame buckner one.rt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" viausdor  rootstrikers  ocupywallstreetrt.twitter profile & site < $75/month.  selling lies  tyranny  torture american ppl expensive.  usdor  rootstrikersrtfivethirtyeight bill buckner strikesrttony baloney strikes   occupywallstreet  usdorrthunger strike resumes california prisons digrt.bahrain systematic attacks medical providers | human rights watch   rootstrikers  usdorrtfrom  hpd classy  nypd pepper spray baton strikes  occupyhoustonrtlawrence lessig accuses u.s. congress corruption thecollegian   rootstrikers  usdorrt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" vusdor  rootstrikers  occupywallstreetrtnotorious al qaeda explosives expert brother human bomb killed u.s. strike yemenrttony baloney strikes   occupywallstreet  usdortsa strikesrti fan red sox.  mean  bill buckner strikesrtlirr service track following lightning strikertthe human microphone strikes visitors  occupywallst roots gospel call response  run deep humanity.
rtit takes 20 minutes shift blame   occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtit takes 20 minutes shift blame   occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstthe rules changing... howtomakeitinamerica please bear reset programs adjust country.  occupywallstwondering  howtomakeitinamerica ? look  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallst  owsrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstsoutenons le mouvement  occupywallst  ows pour une démocratie réelle  envoyez un message de soutienrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtwe     99%    silenced     reality  occupywallst  howtomakeitinamericartthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrthowtomakeitinamerica  corporation. change  occupywallst.rtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. th… (cont)rtmttalking michael  librarian zuccotti. operation wall street library blogrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallstrthowtomakeitinamerica bet fake money fake money worth fake money tomorrow.  ourwallstreetrtthere 600 people arrested days 1999 seattle wto protests. nypd arrested 700 5 hours.  occupywallst
add  occupy_seattle website adbustersrtneedsoftheoccupiers rtoccupyatlanta generator  blankets  sleeping bags  tents  tables  medical & digital media suppliesrtthewebsite speak   solidarity  ows  occupywallst  99percentrthere link 4website  audit fed $16 tril...pls rtrtplease note legit website foris "www.occuopychi.org" news & donations  re tweet  tyrt1 interestng interweb. articulates grievances  occupywallst protesters wearethe99percent.tumblr.comi follow two.  website tab (top pg) linking nycga.the 99% us...thanks website  occupytogether whoever arertif donate supplies  list  needsoftheoccupiers website  thank    occupylavideo nypd drags arrests 700 people brooklyn bridge | official website ofrtsocial media news site gains clout   york times   socialmedia  web20rtrta friend emailed screenshot norton securities censors  occupywallstreet "malicious website." gee  wonder...rtif donate supplies  list  needsoftheoccupiers website  thank    occupyla‘diggnation ’ popular web talk  december show’s founders  kevin rose alex albrecht  say...rtif donate supplies  list  needsoftheoccupiers website  thank    occupylaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciacensorship  usa internet  deleted pages (web page vanishes)     ws  nypd  usa  usaspring  obama  protestsrtrtresearcher confirms using tools google trends  occupywallst...   freewebrtare game night party? tweet yankees photos towith hashtag  uphoto publish fan photos websitertso  fyihas complete coverage  occupywallstreet web.animated fruit ambition “annoying orange” web videos rolling years...
rtplease  usdor "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallst" ericallenbell.orgplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtj.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd  .for laptops & security monitoring software.well isn convenient? jpmorgan "donates" 4.6 million nypdrt"j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd"   occupywallstreet  usdor viartplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrturgent please "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd stop  occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease  takewallstreet "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet"   ericallenbell.orgrtnypd  takewallstreet "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.orgrtplease "j.p. morgan chase "donates" $4.6 million nypd    occupywallstreet" ericallenbell.org
new york police commissioner ray kelly nypd capacity aircraft  (via)nypd police commissioner ray kelly wall street protesters  met force  target police officersgood picture  poor commissioner cassano light & blur face.rtnypd police commissioner ray kelly wall street protesters  met force  target police officers «the protocols screening types cancer success rates remission continue altered.nypd commissioner calls nypd stop improper marijuana arrests responding public pressure ...   marijuana  mmotnypd police commissioner ray kelly wall street protesters  met force  target police officers. seiu clean up.and “rtbreaking nyc police commissioner kelly internal affairs (cont)nyc police commissioner kelly internal affairs  look  pepper spray wall street protestersrtwhat happened ppl  occupywallstreet protest wknd wrong.  nypd commissioner kelly investigate now.i stop &  thank months hard organizing promoting  occupywallstreet  sept17 thats  missionaccomplishedrtwhat happened ppl  occupywallstreet protest wknd wrong.  nypd commissioner kelly investigate now.rtrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viaadmissions college applicants buy impressive activities resumesrtwhat happened ppl  occupywallstreet protest wknd wrong.  nypd commissioner kelly investigate now.rtrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viartrt .the declaration york.   occupywallstreet mission statement  viarttricking people pot busts  nypd commissioner ray kelly reminds officersnew york presbyterian hospital surgeon mission help low income women   york daily newsrtbreaking nyc police commissioner kelly internal affairs "look at" pepper ...players  nba owners talk friday commissioner david stern threatening nba version a...   nba

rtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetneedsoftheoccupiers rtsturdy shoes mesh upper type rainy weather.  owsrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetrtcheers   ourwallstreet.  occupywallstreet continues prove successful odds  media blockades  police abuse & weather. rtweetweather.com hail. fyi

rtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrti confirm arrestees 27. viaoccupyseattle  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtmanyarrestees joined. reason   nokxl  owsrtthe nypd ashamed hideous treatment transgendered arrestees  occupywallstreet.the nypd ashamed hideous treatment transgendered arrestees  occupywallstreet.rtthe nypd ashamed hideous treatment transgendered arrestees  occupywallstreet.rtany bankers arrestees?? no?? didn so.. rtabout 400 arrested  police say.  occupywallstreet. (via)rtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtmanyarrestees joined. reason   nokxl  owsrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreet“times freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreet”rttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtthe nypd ashamed hideous treatment transgendered arrestees  occupywallstreet.rtthe nypd ashamed hideous treatment transgendered arrestees  occupywallstreet.rttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreetrtany bankers arrestees?? no?? didn so.. rtabout 400 arrested  police say.  occupywallstreet. (via)rtrttimes freelancer6:08 p.m. "on bus arrestees central booking think."  occupywallstreet
new laws limiting access votersrthomeowners screwed wall st. cancer patients screwed wall st. voters screwed wall st  occupywallstreet  usdor  owsrtthe roots  ballot security  dead voters  party fears shadowy maneuvers  save americanew laws limiting access votersrtdems  progressives  lots  occupywallstreet eye ball  votersuppressionnew laws limiting access votersrtdespicable legacy gop mtnew laws limiting access voters   tcot  p2rtnew laws limiting access votershe  bad approach. rtherman cain black voters  brainwashed  supporting liberalsrthomeowners screwed wall st. cancer patients screwed wall st. voters screwed wall st  occupywallstreet  usdor  owsnew laws limiting access votershow democracy 4 us? voters voting  turnout skyrocket...hmm...new laws limiting access votersnew laws limiting access voters"so shouldn’t financially stressed voters plumper pols appealing?"  move  ppl. here.rti wish people  occupywallstreet seen hate value voters summit depth insanity face.rtnew laws limiting access votersrtnew laws limiting access votersrtnew laws limiting access votersrtreally looking forward discussions occupy wall street values voters summit tomorrow.rtmichele bachmann looks campaign savior evangelical voters seeing dip poll numbers.
in thailand  campaign purify internet royal insults thomas fuller bangkok — maze neon lit ...in thailand  campaign purify internet royal insults thomas fuller bangkok — maze neon lit ...journeys ban tham lod northern thailand village  set amid caves natural streams  manages elude th...rta punch hidden police brutality occupy wall street   occupywallstreet  nypdinside  war  dubbed mr. bentley. thailand  campaign purify internet royal insultsrtrtchance 4 quarter size hail powerful thunderstorms midnight. safe everyonejourneys ban tham lod northern thailand village  set amid caves natural streams  manages elude th...journeys ban tham lod northern thailand village  set amid caves natural streams  manages elude th...rtrtsevere thunderstorm warning60+ mph winds  hail reported yonkerssevere thunderstorm warning issued nyc. strong winds hailreported.nyt thailand  campaign purify internet royal insultsrtagree  andy. haunting images. rtgreat thailand doing  savetigersnowbikenyc wear helmet  mtsevere storm warning issued nyc   quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtrta severe storm warning issued nyc   quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtof course happens day wearing alaia heels :i rtsevere storm warning issued quarter sized hail/60 mph windsneed bookmark article caves & kayaks quiet corner thailand   streamasiarta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.rtwe love mikhail baryshnikov donated lifetime videos photos toin hope educating artists.rta severe storm warning issued nyc. storm capable producing quarter sized hail  60 mph winds.
is  occupywallstreet america  arabspring? starting slow  gaining momentum  getting whacked nypd....hmmmcollege walk planned ‘anonymous’ releases threat nyse   york (cbsnewyork/ap) –the hacker gro...rtcop busted hack  fixed tickets taxi driversmy social summary   (w/&)rtif re trying sense  occupywallstreet  3 links hacktivism meets wall st.  by(1/2)wtf anonymous hacker group? watch vendetta something? threatening  nypd ?omg  good. “anonymous hackers release alleged pepper spray nypd officer personal info”holy crap  top video nypd whacking  ows folks intense   occupywallstreet:"these hackers doing crazy shit here.nypd cpu systems shut dow... ?rtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrtphoto gallery occupy wall street ignites political hackathon wired   ows  usdorrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdshould york stock exchange hacked? think?  nyse  anonymous  antisec  occupywallstreetrtcool  add insiders wall street running sec rating agencies   hack hedge funds 2011  occupywallsthank williams jr  bigoted hack & ass  fox   wiunion  p2  connecttheleft  wiprog  topprog  p21  wiall  ourwallstreetrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrt"breaking diebold voting machines hacked..."   occupywallst  occupywallstreetffrtparty hacks fence knock  occupywallstreet  unlike electeds won play paddy cake corporationsrtfame whores jump safe.  fringe  whacks & cranks do.   p2  occupywallstreetrtholy crap  top video nypd whacking  ows folks intense   occupywallstreet
rtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrttop 10 worst kids  meals revealed; cheesecake factory children menu ranked unhealthiest   kids  healthrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtoccupymacon  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  occupyearth  usdor please follow help promote.rtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtrtamazing ladies  visionary women promote peace equality ...rtrta "movement" isn instantly apparent eventually embrace promote  occupywallstreet  p2 owsrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrt"occupied" city forums cities.  promote event happenings  ows  udsor  otn  occupywallstrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreetrtif happiness freedom promote freedom happiness beings.   superrich  occupywallstreet
rtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreet  theyarescaredrt“over 1.25 million people worldwide seen  pepperspray video. tread carefully   nypd.  thewholeworldiswatching”rtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetgreat video. talking lafd guys morning  smoke detectors.rtrt . spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtover 1.25 million people worldwide seen  pepperspray video. (cont)“over 1.25 million people worldwide seen  pepperspray video. tread carefully   nypd.”5 video..i support anonymous.. separate  occupywallstreet. start looking1965rtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypdrtover 1.25 million people worldwide seen  pepperspray video. tread carefully   nypd.  thewholeworldiswatchingrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreet ...rt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtrt spread video. pr...   gfw  fuckgfw  vpnrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetyep  ties nypd youtube video.rtrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrt spread video. proof entrapment  occupywallstreetrtretweet  anonymous hack nyse. credible video. viral    anonymous   occupywallstreet  nyse  nypd
rtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police ...rtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stay““please rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police (cont)rtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help. police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help. police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stay
rtmarine discusses wall street protest  nypd time police   ows  occupywallstreetthe marine veterans promised arrived   occupywallstrt*salutes* rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrt*salutes* rtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrtnow thats idea ve heard awhile. detroit dose support  luckrtjust heard  ows livestream  uniformed veterans standing entrance  libertysquare.rt"wwii veteran. main street  wall street." amazing photo ~ via  owsrtus navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge  <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <>rtoccupywallstreet targeting cops willb met w/force  zuccottipark ownrs sanitary conditions “unacceptable levels”   tcotrtla policía saca por las malas 700 indignados del puente de brooklyn  maderada lo yanqui   takewallstreet  15mgi bill 2.0 cuts veteran benefits todayrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrtexperts rightly blast usda vetoing n.y. study obesity  soda food stampsrtus navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge  <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <>rtrtww ii vets  occupywallstreetrtfivethirtyeight bill buckner strikesupdate anonymous youtube video censored  vetakenallyourshitnowitstimeforrestitution  occupywallstreetaction_alert happily allow legit  occupy advise events & livetweet demos direct access account  occupywallstrt<>us navy vet arrested nypd brooklyn bridge <>  occupywallstreet <> classy  nypd <> youtu.be/oxgbj9fnyakrtmarine vet posted reddit saying 15 headed  occupywallstreet dress blues shield protestors.rtexperts rightly blast usda vetoing n.y. study obesity  soda food stamps

rta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetor usrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreet“rt"wowrtbrooklyn bridge  packed protesters.teen girl mom deportation family suitcase packed  queens teen facing deportation...amanda knox arrives italian court 24 knox looked tense entered packed courthouse. she...rtprotesters finally returned 1 police plaza. liberty absolutely packed.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takewallstreetrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet unions move  libertysquare     libertysquare packedrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetrtbrooklyn bridge  packed protesters.rtfoley square packed union workers  crowd.  occupwallstreetrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreetrta little rain won away.  libertyplaza packed  join   ourwallstreet
apoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoiorta somewhat determinist provocative look technology changing humanrtbeautiful rtheymy love note human mic. tinyurl.com/65ntq4awho conjured idea allowing mere humans lead population people?  occupywallst leaders.  occupythehoodvideo bobby kennedy speech humanity  viawise words relate day  occupywallst. rtoccupywallstreet suppose ok teach humans fat wallets lesson comes hurt regular ones. sayingrtan twitter study humanopposition definitely human resources. message "join  rally  libertysquare"  sep30sharunak  yerevanapoie  occupywallst exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoiortwe human microphones via  occupywallstreet  sep17rtcorporations banks nypd cia  dhs  fbi protect amendment rights.  human beings?  usdorrtrtrtstudents umass fight corporate attacks  ...rtuma thurman stalker jack jordan loses chance freedom refusing sign court..libertysquare  yerevan  hima  sksela  sep30sharunak  rally  opposition  armenia levone vordeicel  gtnuma es hoqnacnerin?libertysquare  rally  opposition  sksela  sep30sharunak voncel chi amachum  es joxovurdnel chi haskanum vor iran oktagorcuma ltpn700 confirmed arrested  nypd. shocking.   occupywallstreet live >>   humanrights ?another fake crisis manufactured radical republicans advance ideology  regardless human costactivistsvoice radio feature topics  occupywallst  lgbt  noh8  humanrights  justice  firstamendmentmy blog post  humanrights  radio activists voice  ...  lgbt  occupywallst  justice  voicertat  occupywallstreet human microphones nation   99percent  usdorapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoio
rtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesparents kids attend  autism friendly matinee lion king broadway.   disability  artsrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtoccupy broadway. skaters peace supportrtoccupywallstreet attended community march passing worth street  broadway. incident. nypd great.rtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtoccupywallstreet attended community march passing worth street  broadway. incident. nypd great.rtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtoccupywallstreet attended community march passing worth street  broadway. incident. nypd great.rtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtoccupy broadway. skaters peace supportrtoccupy broadway. skaters peace supportrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtwe posted video cop beating protesters wall & broadway. matches scene seen reporter & witnessesrtoccupy broadway. skaters peace supporttaking walk broadway. overheard cluster  nypd talking contingencies sudden march. re ...rtriot cops en route broadway. safe.  ows  takewallstreetriot cops en route broadway. safe.  ows  takewallstreet
5 paddywagons 5 dpw trucks 10 markd cop cars 5 unmarked  occupysf   occupypolicestate  occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011interactive occupation map al jazeera   occupywallstreettakewallstreet  owssomali gunmen abduct elderly tourist kenya   york timesrt??????? ????? ????????????? ?????? ????????? ?? ??? ? ????? ?? ?????? ?????????  ?? ???? ?????..  30sep  libertysquarertsomali gunmen grab wheelchair bound french tourist kenyartplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stay.incorrect.  usdor "born" monday march 14 2011  cc.rtinformally representing occupy albuquerque  wrapping day occupation unm campus. love burquedon stop protest till fed audited.new york post nypd victim kin suing family brooklyn woman killed police fire gunm...congrats  rti times    rta collection tweets assessing  stevejobslegacyrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stay:( rtoff duty officer hit stray bullet; police search gunmangunmen attack shiites bus southwest pakistan   york timesrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres staysomali gunman kidnap elderly wheelchair bound french woman bungalow kenya. nytimesrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayinformally representing occupy albuquerque  wrapping day occupation unm campus. love burquertoccupyalbuquerque  albuquerque  nm  newmexico  unm  boa  wellsfargo  citibank  tdot  usdor
rtheyrt  "ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether""rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rtheyrt  "ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether""rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"rt"ny transit workers union voted support  occupywallstreet   ows  occupytogether"
rtputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadspeach levon ter petrosyan 2 words "say russian migration centers   :d  yerevan  armenia  libertysquare  opposition  himartputin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadrtnice    russia "bus drivers nypd vehicles"   occupywallstreet  nypd  revolutionnice    russia "bus drivers nypd vehicles"   occupywallstreet  nypd  revolutionrtnice    russia "bus drivers nypd vehicles"   occupywallstreet  nypd  revolutionrussia it’s close joining w.t.o. russia’s accession w.t.o. key goal “rese...president putin redux  "putin russia journalists &human rights activists murdered impunity"putin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroadrtun  russian  chinese  veto  un  resolution  syria   libya style 5.10.11   takewallstreet   sep17putin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroad russians dismayed vladimir v. putin’s plan...rtwill  china &  russia sanction  usa  nypd violence  occupywallst protesters apply  syria?world briefing | europe russia agency soyuz fleet fatal defect inspections...   russia  environmentrtint opi :: putin russia return indispensabledtn china rare double un veto syria  russia china try shield friend   york times nation...dtn russia strauss kahn french accuser paris dominique strauss kahn met thursday wit...dtn russia denmark’s premier announces coalition agreement helle thorning schmidt  prime minister ele...dtn usa russia it’s close joining w.t.o. russia’s accession w.t.o. key goal ...putin’s eye power leads russia ponder life abroad russians dismayed vladimir v. putin’s plan...georgia it’s ready block russia w.t.o bid   nytimes.com  brokered power vs parrticipation?
so homeland security  nypd  installed barricades protect wall street protestors?  owsrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedmarchers pushing barricades streets.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtrtmore barricades arrived nypd truck. people mic discussing march.  occupywallstreetrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtrtsum total confirmed property damage  occupywallstreet $0. barricades   nypd? arrest progressrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtdrums dancing zuccotti  metal barricades  nypd vans officers surround  owsrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades   pepper sprayedrtrtrtbarricades  ows dept homeland security  nypd. // what??rtrtmore barricades arrived nypd truck. people mic discussing march.  occupywallstreetrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtsum total confirmed property damage  occupywallstreet $0. barricades   nypd?rtrtny daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayed
rtnypd fbi  trying infiltrate ows protest discredit it? buzzflash.org   occupywallstreet  occupyvancouver  owsrt    nypd & fbi trying infiltrate  occupywallstreet protest discredit  | buzzflashnypd / fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discreditrtoccupy infiltrated  1% own  occupys beware  verified list   occupywallstrttrust unless   agentprovocateurs infiltrated  owsows  occupywallst  p2rtoccupy infiltrated  1% own  occupys beware  verified list   occupywallstrtthe nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discreditthey wait 4 2 tire. ows lngterm traction thy ll snd people 2 infiltrate  divide & fail. evrywhre "we people"rtoccupy infiltrated  1% own  occupys beware  verified list   occupywallstlook  takewallstreet  ows  occupy wall street  infiltrated political groups?"lib admits paying hispanics attend  occupywallst   infiltrated  loloccupywallstreetdid tweet fromsaying ve infiltrated? tried vanishedrtnypd fbi  trying infiltrate ows protest discredit it? buzzflash.org   occupywallstreet  occupyvancouver  owsthe nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discredit | buzzflash.orgrtoccupy infiltrated  1% own  occupys beware  verified list   occupywallstrtthe nypd fbi trying infiltrate wall street protest discredit    mark karlinpatriots  (against illegl im) & tea party hd american values occupywallst  infiltrated    alertminutemen patriots infiltrated held 3 years. message crushed interim?end fed  capitalism     occupywallstreet infiltrated.. probably start.  actuaryoccupy infiltrated  1% own  occupys beware  verified list   occupywallstoccupy infiltrated  1% own  occupys beware  verified list   occupywallst

pr9anthonyryan fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012a profile lee mcqueenpr9anthonyryan fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012a goodbye excess louis vuitton kate moss feathery mini. alexander mcqueen silk dress for...rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtfashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012rtr2d2  fashion review mcqueen  louis vuitton  miu miu spring 2012
occupywallstreet bogus  & repeat comment    ows  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtnyc bus union sues stop nypd forcing drivers transport  occupywallstreet protesters.   viartoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtyes   boa charges 5$ creditcard   senator   system sick. wanna die  jfk?rtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtrt  takewallstreet  ows   globalrevolution   writer  travel  design  50cent  jayzrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtso news ofit hard ll attomorrow  guys proud american againrtnypd makes korea proud  msnbc reporter slams nyc police brutality   • occupy wall streetrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtex model killed  ate hubby body "trance" denied parole.  o_0/ what?rtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtoccupywallstreet protesters  awesome    tyt  takewallstreetanonymousrtnyc bus union sues stop nypd forcing drivers transport  occupywallstreet protesters.   via
if care call tonight starts 8 pm eastern time name jedismasher skype.rttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorwade knicks piece dwyane wade knicks growing threat eastern confere...   nbarttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorradiohead playing 4pm eastern time. wait   ourwallstreet  wiunionrtvia ga northeastern college announced student walkout 10/6  solidarity  occupyboston. ? many.  occupywallstreetrtmtvia ga northeastern college announced student walkout tomorrow  solidarity w/  occupyboston  occupywallstreetrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorsort stop  america  india eastern europe.  nyc"masters universe" "discover" "eastern" markets.   dealbookrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrtmtvia ga northeastern college announced student walkout tomorrow  solidarity w/  occupyboston  occupywallstreetrtmtvia ga northeastern college announced student walkout tomorrow  solidarity w/  occupyboston  occupywallstreetrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdorvia ga northeastern college announced student walkout tomorrow  solidarity  occupyboston. unclear many.  occupywallstreetrttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdoroccupywallstnyc care call tonight starts 8 pm eastern time name jedismasher skype.rttonight 8pm eastern  michael moore ()  occupywallstreet msnbc broadcasting live. don miss  usdor
rtrtthis twu told  nypd won using buses 2 arrest us.   occupywallstreetrtas understand  executive board endorsed march city hall zuccotti park oct. 5.  occupywallstrtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsrtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsyou out? twu mtg time  mean?rttwu president samuelsen countdown keith olbermann local 100 joining  occupywallstreet   unionsrt"this result. people finally woke " twu joins  occupywallstreet.rtrtthis twu told  nypd won using buses 2 arrest us.   occupywallstreettwu blasts city putting handcuffed  occupywallstreet protesters buses readrt<333 rtmta buses driving bway honking support  occupywallstreet rally. ccrtwatch twu wont buses transport  nypd arrests wall street    cdnpoli  union  occupycanada  owsrtthis twu told  nypd won using buses 2 arrest us.   occupywallstreetrtthis twu told  nypd won using buses 2 arrest us.   occupywallstreetrtthis twu told  nypd won using buses 2 arrest us.   occupywallstreetrtthis twu told  nypd won using buses 2 arrest us.   occupywallstreetrtthis twu told  nypd won using buses 2 arrest us.   occupywallstreetrtthis twu told  nypd won using buses 2 arrest us.   occupywallstreetrtrtthis twu told  nypd won using buses 2 arrest us.   occupywallstreetrtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionstwu blasts city putting handcuffed  occupywallstreet protesters buses (yup video)rtrtthis twu told  nypd won using buses 2 arrest us.   occupywallstreet
so homeland security  nypd  installed barricades protect wall street protestors?  owsrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movement"mayor deal barricading". truth comes homeland  em  occupyamerica  militarystate  bloomberg  nypd  obama  usdorrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtfor unaware   nypd synonomous homeland security powers paramilitary 2arrest charge & offer counselrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrep. king calls department homeland security islamist thugs  contact congressrtrtrtbarricades  ows dept homeland security  nypd. // what??rtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementrtbarricades  ows dept homeland security  nypd.rtrtrtbarricades  ows dept homeland security  nypd.rt"mayor deal barricading". truth comes homeland  em  occupyamerica  militarystate  bloomberg  nypd  obama  usdorrtfor unaware   nypd synonomous homeland security powers paramilitary 2arrest charge & offer counselrtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movementdepartment homeland security responsible barricades nypd wall st.  boomburg girl friend board zuccotti park  oesrtows mtsources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movement.rtrt .sources tell congressmanpressuring dept homeland sec quash  occupywallstreet movement
rtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police ...rtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stay““please rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police (cont)rtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help. police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help. police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stayrtplease rt. urgent. occupy albequerque help.  police break camp. call 5052272626 unm pres stay
rtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrt.our expenses $75/month. proves  expensive sell lies  tyranny  bullshit  usdor  occupywallstreetrtrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp mand taxpayers giving hard earned income   stuck bed 19 months  hospital’s expensertwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtstuck bed 19 months  hospital’s expensestuck bed 19 months  hospital’s expensertwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtstuck bed 19 months  hospital’s expenseit cost respect. expense.  nypd  occupywallstreet rtwonder cost city.......rtstuck bed 19 months  hospital’s expensestuck bed 19 months  hospital’s expense   raymond fok  uninsured illegal immigrant  stayed yor...rtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtstuck bed 19 months  hospital’s expensertwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallstrtwhat expense arresting child adult brooklyn bridge?  arrests jp morgan chase buy?  occupywallst
rtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.rtthank armed forces appreciate encourage support standarmed robbers caught tape tying victims  stealing money  jewels ... barry paddock rocco parasca...okay  warmed heart.  sue me. "homecoming queen winning field goal night"rtoppressors tyrannize achieve standing army  enslaved press  disarmed populace. madison  usdorrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.armed robbers caught tape tying victims  stealing money  jewels ... barry paddock rocco parasca...our hope planet unarmed truth applied logic. tell aboutour hope earth unarmed truth applied logic. tell every1 kno 2 supportn2shot & killed carrying knives? rtwoman armed knives shot dead midtown shelterrtretirees  occupywallst.  occupylasvegas. ppl harmed pissed.rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtyeah   rtmedia swarmed  ourwallstreet. news now. week war coverage won.  occupywallstreet  taxtherichqueens *update* armed robbery walgreens; francis lewis & hollis ave.  nypd level 1 mobilization. 2 males guns  bags faces.rtoppressors tyrannize achieve standing army  enslaved press  disarmed populace. madison  usdorrtone 4 suspects 3 robberies  2 armed @ bway/e houston  lafayette stations  pm. 800577tipsrtus armed forces headed wall street protect protesters nypd. american heroes.rtarmed robbers caught tape tying victims  stealing money  jewels midtown home invasion  viartoppressors tyrannize achieve standing army  enslaved press  disarmed populace. madison  usdorrtlots  nypd cross armed outside art show. people sitting steps conversing quietly. beautiful contrast.
rthoms  syria  spirals civil warhoms  syria  spirals civil warhoms  syria  spirals civil warrthoms  syria  spirals civil warrthoms  syria  spirals civil warhoms   syria  spirals civil warhoms  syria  spirals civil warhoms  syria  spirals civil warrthoms  syria  spirals civil warrthoms  syria  spirals civil warrthoms  syria  spirals civil warrtnyt homs  syria  spirals civil warrthoms  syria  spirals civil war | nyt |in words resistance arming |rthoms  syria  spirals civil warhoms  syria  spirals civil war   nythoms  syria  spirals civil warhoms  third largest syrian city  spirals civil war   nytimeshoms   spirals civil war  ???? ?? ?????? ?????? ??? ?? ????? ??? ????? ??? ????? ????????? ??????? ???????it civil war civilians ones dying. rthoms  syria  spirals civil warhoms  syria  spirals civil war[middle east news] homs  syria  spirals civil war
rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.you don hold accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.nypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.they unlawfully detaining law abiding protesters audacity hold federal government accountable.rtrtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rt“nypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.”rtrtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rt“nypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.”rtrtthe 500 people arrested  nypd brooklyn bridge  unaccountable. worrying. `freedom & liberty`rtthe 500 people arrested  nypd brooklyn bridge  unaccountable. worrying. `freedom & liberty`rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.rtrtnypd investigating anthony bologna. soon nypd capable holding own people accountable.

the bankers revolutionariesthe bankers revolutionariesrtnytimes bankers revolutionaries   j4201enikol call facebook cafe "revolutionaries" urging join  rally  libertysquare  opposition  sep30sharunak  yerevanthe bankers revolutionaries   eurochat  gfc2@ occupywallstreet reading participants  occupywallstreet ...the bankers revolutionaries nyti.ms/pm4ondrtin libya  visiting g.o.p. senators praise revolutionariesthe bankers revolutionariesrtwell said| bankers revolutionaries   practicaldemands  occupywallstreetrtrevolutionaries embrace change reach stars. explorers  founders entreprenuers america.  occupywallstreettop story bankers revolutionarieshäufig ge[twittert] bankers revolutionariesthe bankers revolutionariesthe bankers revolutionaries  occupywallstreet  occupyboston  occupylsx  tax  mortgageoccupywallstreet  occupymadison  democracy maybe "stinky" | american revolutionaries | "cleaned out" king corporationsrtthe bankers revolutionaries   nytimes.com   takewallstreetin libya  visiting g.o.p. senators praise revolutionaries republican senators visited tripoli thursday...rtthe bankers revolutionaries  occupywallstreet | nytthe bankers revolutionariesrtegypt revolutionaries spouted shit tahrir  "we re carving " re ready gov.  occupywallstreetrt:degenerates? revolutionaries  history mark day  occupywallst. drum circle 40 people it.
who conjured idea allowing mere humans lead population people?  occupywallst leaders.  occupythehoodrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtoccupyseattle  police mayor officially allowing occupation including tents  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymousrt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rtrtoccupyseattle  police mayor officially allowing occupation including tents  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymousrt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rtallowing  nypd brutally beat & arrest protestors media unacceptable  occupywallstreet   world watchingrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrt"after allowing protesters 2 cross  officers trapped 400 bridge using orange nets vehicles"rtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtows  occupyseattle  usdor  occupywallstreet  anonymous seatttle seattle police mayor officially allowing occupation including tentsrtnew york  recall  bloomberg allowing  nypd  terrorize  occupywallstreet & taking money jp morgan  chase
rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtrtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.rtlet shotout lawrence  donnell speaking police brutality.
rtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrt"we urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiers"rtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersgovernment  dollar  urgently replaced  people   optibetindependence   tibet  occupywallstreetrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrt“we urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiers”occupydcneeds blankets  urgentlyrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiers
helmo alert country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama ... celeste katz ready s...rthank wiliams  jr. compares obama hitler. idiot.rt video hank williams jr. compares pres hitler. morons gather  foxnews   foxliesrthelmo alert      country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama to... adolf hitler? ..rthank williams jr. compares president obama adolf hitler interview fox an..hank williams jr. compares barack obama adolf hitler   hank jr hank sr   wiunion  connecttheleft  wiprog  p2hank wm jr fox compares obama hitler. ass  video      wiunion  connecttheleft  topprog  wiprog  p2  p21rtrtsinger mnf theme music  hank williams  jr.  compares obama hitler.helmo alert country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama ... celeste katz ready s...helmo alert country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama ...hank williams jr. compares obama hitlerrthank williams jr compares barack obama adolf hitler boycott nfl fire ass  boycottnflhelmo alert      country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama to... adolf hitler? ..rt(ny politisite)    hank williams jr. compares  obama hitler   nytcot  nydncrthank williams jr compares barack obama adolf hitler boycott nfl fire ass  boycottnflrthank williams jr. compares barack obama adolf hitler boycott nfl fire ass  boycottnflrtsinger mnf theme music  hank williams  jr.  compares obama hitler.rthank williams jr compares barack obama adolf hitler boycott nfl fire ass  boycottnfloh boy. rtsinger mnf theme music  hank williams  jr.  compares obama hitler.helmo alert country crooner hank williams jr. compares barack obama ... celeste katz ready s...rtsinger mnf theme music  hank williams  jr.  compares obama hitler.
rtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17rtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17rtwilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17rtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17wisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17rtoccupysacramentooccupynebraska  occupytogether poster   takewallstreet  thathighmomentrtoccupysacramentooccupynebraska poster  occupytogether   ows  takewallstreet  keepitgwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17 badgers’ star quarterback  russel...ha ha   cornhuskers. rotflmao rtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17 nyti.ms/o8sdavwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17 badgers’ star quarterback  russell...wisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17 badgers’ star quarterback  russel...rtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17nytimessports wisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17"whooping dairy  wisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17rtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17rtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17wisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17 badgers’ star quarterback  russel...rtoccupysacramentooccupynebraska  occupytogether poster   takewallstreet  thathighmomentrtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17rtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17rtwisconsin 48  nebraska 17 wilson wisconsin run nebraska  48 17
rtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrt"we urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiers"rtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupywallst tarps. please rt.rtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupywallst tarps. please rt.rtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrt“we urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiers”rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupywallst tarps. please rt.rtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersloved piece inrertrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupywallst tarps. please rt.rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupywallst tarps. please rt.rtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe urgently tarps. bring  libertyplaza tonight?  needsoftheoccupiers
rtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherif  congress wont  act 2gether   occupywallstreet grow. hippys  thinknot.  usa cracking ineffective management/  govrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherwatched alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2gether4 time life  don feel alone. relieved 2 finally coming 2gether 2 stand 2 tyrannyrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2getherrtwatchd alot live video & angry mob/violence arrested  passion & ppl 2gether
rtit appears nypd purposefully directed peaceful orderly protest onto bridge arrested there.rtoccupywallstreet nytimes reporting nypd purposefully mislead protesters arrests.rtoccupywallstreet nytimes blog reporting nypd purposefully misleading protesters legal zone arrest zone.rtoccupywallstreet nytimes blog reporting nypd purposefully misleading protesters legal zone arrest zone.rtrtoccupywallstreet nytimes reporting nypd purposefully misled protesters arrests.rtoccupywallstreet nytimes reporting nypd purposefully mislead protesters arrests.rtit appears nypd purposefully directed peaceful orderly protest onto bridge arrested there.rtoccupywallstreet nytimes reporting nypd purposefully mislead protesters arrests.rtit appears nypd purposefully directed peaceful orderly protest onto bridge arrested there.rtoccupywallstreet nytimes reporting nypd purposefully mislead protesters arrests.occupywallstreet   purposefully people misinformed fearful control mediaexpectedly uncritical mention possibility police purposefully leading march traffic? provoking = common tacticrtrtit appears nypd purposefully directed peaceful orderly protest onto bridge arrested there.rtit appears nypd purposefully directed peaceful orderly protest onto bridge arrested there.rtoccupywallstreet nytimes reporting nypd purposefully mislead protesters arrests.rtoccupywallstreet nytimes reporting nypd purposefully mislead protesters arrests.“occupywallstreetis reporting  nypd purposefully mislead protesters arrests.”  ourwallstreetis media purposefully avoiding story?occupywallstreetrtit appears nypd purposefully directed peaceful orderly protest onto bridge arrested there.rtoccupywallstreet nytimes reporting nypd purposefully mislead protesters arrests.rtoccupywallstreet nytimes reporting nypd purposefully mislead protesters arrests.
check video    occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes  viartgets it. rt"if radiohead played  ve gone  occupywallst."    dadrtrt ve showered & gone today.  iamthe53  occupywallstreet  usdor  owsvideo  nypd gone wild drones vs  occupywallstreet?   police  pigs  fbafsocs   "occupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikes"  p2  anonymous  ows  unionrt90%  oct6 music gone. calling it. revolution  ...rthey  occupywallstreet 1978 college tuition gone 900%  don bitch school? gp  ows  p2  tcot  tlot  ocrartoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild   attacking protesters motor bikesoccupy wall street   nypd gone wild  nypd officers motorbikes videoman plastic surgery look superman herbert chavez  35  undergone dozens cosmetic procedures ...check video    occupywallst   nypd gone wild 10 5 11 1  vianypd gone wild    nypd attacking occupy wall street protesters bikesrtlivestream forhas gone online   occupychi  usdor silentrtlivestream fromhas gone live   occupychi  usdorrtlivestream fromhas gone live   occupychi  usdorrtlivestream fromhas gone live   occupychi  usdorrtlivestream forhas gone online   occupychi  usdor silentrtlivestream fromhas gone live   occupychi  usdorrthowtomakeitinamerica bet fake money fake money worth fake money tomorrow.  ourwallstreetlivestream fromhas gone live   occupychi  usdorlivestream forhas gone online   occupychi  usdor silent
nader  ron paul  kucinich speak  occupywallstreet   99percent  endthefed  occupywallst  occupydc  occupythefed  owswhere  balls handbasket?   occupythefedrtrtbank bailouts  socialism. free market capitalism smash banks oblivion  occupywallstreet  occupythefedrtirc.indymedia.org   occupywallstreet appears ddos attack currently unknown source  takewallstreet  ows  occupythefedrtnader   ronpaul kucinich speak  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  ows  occupythefed  endthefedrtoccupy federal reserve launched is.gd/afdrbz  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupythefed  endthefed  ronpaulrtron paul supports anti wall street protests  peacefully  occupythefed friday 6pm  occupywallstreetrtearth  occupywallst  ows   austrian economists    bailouts   crony capitalism  occupythefedoccupy federal reserve launched   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  occupythefed  endthefed  ronpaulrtweoccupy live lives  plot control them.  takewallstreet  occupythefed  occupytheworld  occupyearthrtwethepeople  occupyearth speak language human.  antibanks  corporatepersonhood  takewallstreet  occupythefed  occupytheworldrtanyone talking  occupythefed ignorant establishment. wake  occupywallstreet protesters.our hope earth unarmed truth applied logic. tell every1 kno 2 supportn2rtmoney free speech. speech free speech.  occupythefed  takewallstreet  occupyamerica  occupyearth  antibanksrtrt please  campaigning obama administration.occupythefed  owsrtoccupy federal reserve movement launched   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupythefed  endthefed  ronpaulrtoccupy federal reserve movement launched   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  occupythefed  endthefed  ronpaulin houston  occupythefed ? checkone theirs hit up.   takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  owsrtgoing  cleavelandfed me?  occupythefed  occupytogether  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet  endthefed  capitalismnottheproblemrtrt please  campaigning obama administration.occupythefed  owsend fed   endthefed  occupythefed  occupywallstreetoccupytogether
rtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisy“in usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisy”rtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyold bumper sticker cops pigs  time help  call hippie.rtrtin usa protest hippie. rest world ...rtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreetrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrt“in usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisy”rtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrtrtin usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisyrt“in usa protest hippie. rest world revolutionary  occupywallstreet  hypocrisy”

rtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square march & thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear park"foley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkpowerofthepeople rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear park twitpic.com/6vnd7irtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtows rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkrtthat insane rtfoley square  march  thou+ rear parkfoley square  march  thou+ rear park
encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail .  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtthose chinatown buses nyc boston beyond kept prices low fashioned hustle. oh  guns. storyrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet"be encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet"rtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet"be encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet" <•••  motivationformeeertbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet
rthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrtrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrthow theto shift blame?just 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetcan  occupynytimes yet? theto shift blame? 20 minutes.    occupywallstreet“how theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreet”rthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreet"how theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreet"  99percentrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrtpls retweet dont blame wall street blame? consider wall street fed samerthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrtrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreet.rt “how taketp shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreet”rthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreetrthow theto shift blame? 20 minutes   occupywallstreet
rtchase $4.6 mill 2 nypd "2 safe" ceo dimon. gc cops enforcers 4 wall st. crime bosses?  occupy wall st. 4 proofchase $4.6 mill 2 nypd "2 safe" ceo dimon. gc cops enforcers 4 wall st. crime bosses?  occupy wall st. 4 proofrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesnypd risk seen enforcers wall street  mayor bloomberg seek resolution.rt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrtchase $4.6 mill 2 nypd "2 safe" ceo dimon. gc cops enforcers 4 wall st. crime bosses?  occupy wall st. 4 proofrtchase $4.6 mill 2 nypd "2 safe" ceo dimon. gc cops enforcers 4 wall st. crime bosses?  occupy wall st. 4 proofrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrtchase $4.6 mill 2 nypd "2 safe" ceo dimon. gc cops enforcers 4 wall st. crime bosses?  occupy wall st. 4 proofrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrtchase $4.6 mill 2 nypd "2 safe" ceo dimon. gc cops enforcers 4 wall st. crime bosses?  occupy wall st. 4 proofrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bossesrt"arrest toll brooklyn bridge rises 700." gc:this bloomberg wastes tax $ s.  nypd = enforcers 4 wall st. crime bosses
rtyou help feed  occupywallstreet protestors  bought pizza  guys do?rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.the media refers "the dirty hippies wall st " don negative mocking coverage anywayrthow support  occupywallstreet? negative person do.  ows  takewallstreetrtomg red negatives market watch...  dont listen us.  99%  ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtthe passing steve jobs negatively affected ability nypd swing fucking nightstick.  owsrtoccupywallstreet protester poos nypd car according negative  daily mail uk    (or media beat up?)rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.written  benbernanke co author  advocacy negative income tax ...rtwe type relationship police grounds negative us.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtyou help feed  occupywallstreet protestors  bought pizza  guys do?photon frequency  nypd side. stay negative media influence and...rtthe passing steve jobs negatively affected ability nypd swing fucking nightstick.  owsrtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.rtcomcast/ge own nbc; viacom = cbs (among many); disney  = abc.  cover  occupywallst? negative light.
rtoccupywallst protesters call totalitarian government  re election obama...   tcot  lur  twisters  p2the wallst protesters actually pro govt & money.  socialism  totalitarianism  obama  tcot  occupywallstrtthis gen fighting emancipate past.  fighting emancipate totalitarian bankrupt future.  usdorrtthis gen fighting emancipate past.  fighting emancipate totalitarian bankrupt future.  usdorrtthis gen fighting emancipate past.  fighting emancipate totalitarian bankrupt future.  usdorrtoccupywallstreet re election obama totalitarian government?rtprotesters call totalitarian government  re election obama   silly soros monkeys.  occupywallsthey  occupywallst  guys totalitarian government?    owartthis gen fighting emancipate past.  fighting emancipate totalitarian bankrupt future.  usdorpatterson  totalitarian  communist  agenda   fool  people arertthis gen fighting emancipate past.  fighting emancipate totalitarian bankrupt future.  usdorrtthis gen fighting emancipate past.  fighting emancipate totalitarian bankrupt future.  usdorrtthis gen fighting emancipate past.  fighting emancipate totalitarian bankrupt future.  usdorprotesters call totalitarian government  re election obama   silly soros monkeys.  occupywallstrtthis gen fighting emancipate past.  fighting emancipate totalitarian bankrupt future.  usdorrtthis gen fighting emancipate past.  fighting emancipate totalitarian bankrupt future.  usdorcome 2  occupywallstreet reason em 2  usher "civil unrest" "totalitarian...rtthis gen fighting emancipate past.  fighting emancipate totalitarian bankrupt future.  usdorrtoccupywallst protesters call totalitarian government  re election obama...   tcot  lur  twisters  p2rtoccupywallstreet pushing totalitarianism.  achieve  bigger  forceful govt pick winners losers.rtoccupywallst protesters call totalitarian government  re election obama...   tcot  lur  twisters  p2
rtrtbest  followfriday ve done...rtirc.indymedia.org   occupywallstreet appears ddos attack currently unknown source  takewallstreet  ows  occupythefedrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthis  followfriday ve donecurrent report fifth victim helicopter crash found  unknown condition.wtf rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydc feminine hygeine products  tables  masks  vinegarrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetqueens   walgreens francis lewis blvd & hollis ave robbed gunpoint.  nypd searching suspects. unknown amount money (d1)brooklyn   person shot nostrand ave & herkimer st. unknown condition victim.  nypd  esu responding. (d1)bronx   person shot 1803 mansion ave & beach ave.  nypd scene requesting  esu evidence search. condition victim unknown.rtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtyes  days ago mtunknown armless man?  jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetyes  days ago mtunknown armless man?  jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetfreedom free free.   unknown   occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupytogether  takewallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetrtthe unknown armless man?  him. name jesus guadalupe   occupywallstreetthanks
rtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsrtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsrtcouncilmen grill n.y.p.d leader surveillance muslimsrtexperts rightly blast usda vetoing n.y. study obesity  soda food stampsrtrtimmigrants own 48% n.y. businesses  viaimmigrationrtimmigrants own 48% n.y. businesses  viaimmigration“city immigrants own 48% n.y. businessesrtn.y.c. layoffs hit poorest schools hardestrtexperts rightly blast usda vetoing n.y. study obesity  soda food stampsrtrtn.y.c. layoffs hit poorest schools hardestrtn.y.c. police kill woman brandishing knifertcity immigrants own 48% n.y. businessesrtexperts rightly blast usda vetoing n.y. study obesity  soda food stampsrtcity immigrants own 48% n.y. businessesrtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsrtexperts rightly blast usda vetoing n.y. study obesity  soda food stampsrtn.y.c. police kill woman brandishing knifertn.y.c. layoffs hit poorest schools hardestn.y.p.d.’s ‘white shirts’ enforcer rolertn.y.c. layoffs hit poorest schools hardestrtcouncilmen grill n.y.p.d leader surveillance muslims
occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia las imágenes muestran ...occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia las imágenes muestran ...infoteca tecnolog    occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia la...sm  occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia   inter4ctiveoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia las imágenes muestran ...occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia   tecnologiaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia   internet  ictoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia
encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail .  occupywallstreetrtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsunion nypd can’t force bus drivers assist occupy wall street arrestsrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetprotests union nypd can’t force bus drivers assist occupy wall street arrestsrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union []    occupywallstreet  nypd  unionsrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtrtben bernanke ‘occupy wall street’ protest can’t blame | raw story    occupywallstreet  p2rtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrt"tim can’t steve jobs"rtn.y. police can’t bus drivers protest arrests  union    ...  occupywallstreet ccrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreetrtbe encouraged. stay hustle. can’t fail quit. ~.  occupywallstreet
rtplease verify  nypd told warned protesters entering roadway. reason 4 this?who watching this? >  needsoftheoccupiersrtmy tweets censored. attach pics liberty. ideas this?  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   owsinstead arresting protesters wall st  shouldn arresting greedy bastards started this?  occupywallstis weird actually this?   jeter  arod  minka  cameron bring kate hudson"you oregon this?" condescending nypd officer protesters.  occupywallst.rtmiss this? video  nypd arresting child  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest?   tpcmiss this? simpsons cartoon calls  theme? "drowning debt" bit.ly/owkzqk  usdor  ows  occupywallstreet  occupyamericaso regulation oversight banks  all? this?which mcdonald this? rtpolice release surveillance video shooting brooklyn mcdonaldwho wouldn wanna attend this?how this?   bit intelligent hippies?rtmsnbc poll by" occupywallst protests waste time worthy cause"    umm  question teaparty this? o.do movie this?yankeeball?    >yankees win valuable franchise world title forbes listrtmy tweets censored. attach pics liberty. ideas this?  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet   owsrtmsnbc poll by" occupywallst protests waste time worthy cause"    umm  question teaparty this? o.rtmiss this? video  nypd arresting child  occupywallstreet brooklyn bridge protest?   tpcwhat craniosacral therapists this? serbian cousins human magnetshear this?was this?rtpolice version brooklyn bridge arrests(video)think msm this? defend nypd retweet
rtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand s...rtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay stron"just   communityrelations mtg local businesses. neighbors   occupywallstreet"rtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrttonight consensus 2 move quiet hours 11pm 10pm weeknights faith effort 2 neighbors.  occupywallstreet  sep17neighbors fuming anti atlantic yards activist plans home addition brooklyn activist led r...rtrtwe send love support neighbors atwe stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtnyt occupy wall street begins chafe neighbors.fowl play bronx neighbors staging coop urban chicken farmsmr. president   occupydc  stopthemachine stay.  hello  neighbors.rtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtrttonight consensus 2 move quiet hours 11pm 10pm weeknights faith effort 2 neighbors.rtrtrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay stronrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreetrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand (cont)fowl play bronx neighbors staging coop urban chicken farmsrtwe send love support neighbors at. stand solidarity. stay strong.  occupywallstreet
¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyortconfirmado. 700 detenciones en  takewallstreet. en eu  como siempre  las cosas lo grande.¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyortchomsky se solidariza  occupywallstreet afirmando gangsterismo las instituciones financieras hacia  15o globalrt¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo    vamosacambiarelmundo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  real democracy   firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyort¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo    vamosacambiarelmundortany confirmation marines story  supposed night  hoax?? occupywallstreet  marines  ourwallstreetrturgente    eeuu departamento de la policía de nueva york confirma nbc 700 detenidos por protestas en wall street.  occupywallst¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo registro maravilla¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyo
rtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe economy shouldn game monopoly  start  global (fair) redistribution wealth  occupywallstreetrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtrtthe unequal distribution wealth/income major country industrialized world  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallstrtthe unequal distribution wealth income major country industrialized world.  occupywallst
a genius silver black dave anderson al davis résumé pro football hall fame tells ...rtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumésports times al davis built unique pro football résumésports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...sports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...nytimessports sports times al davis built unique pro football résumértsports times al davis built unique pro football résumésports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...rtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumésports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...rtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumértsports times al davis built unique pro football résuméal davis built unique pro football résumé   nytimes.comrtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumérip al davis...never him.sports times al davis built unique pro football résumértsports times al davis built unique pro football résumésports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owne...sports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders own...sports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...sports times al davis built unique pro football résumé longtime raiders owner held series o...rtsports times al davis built unique pro football résumé
rtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.“police explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.”  many?rt...*cough* rtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.rtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.rtbeautiful  moving post bya parent explanation child  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrt"police explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn hold marchers back."rt“police explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.”rt...*cough* rtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.nypd sets tower outside bldg. explanation given. live war zone?  (cc)rt“police explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.”look wore. mtpolice explanation  occupywallst arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.rt...*cough* rtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.rt...*cough* rtpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.beautiful  moving post bya parent explanation child  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetplease isstill don  movement...a simple explanation wil + music..i call  truelifemusicrt“police explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.”“police explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.” rtrt“police explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.”rtthegives explanation re start paying debit cardthegives explanation re start paying debit cardpolice explanation  occupywallstreet arrests cops roadway  couldn’t hold marchers back.
occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciartoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denunciaoccupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia las imágenes muestran ...occupywallstreet policía vuelve rociar con spray la red ofrece una web de denuncia las imágenes muestran ...infot