rtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  feds10 days  pay 10 days vacation time?  difference please clarify.rtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  feds””you accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  feds
rtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."rtncrm news occupy times square 10 000 peaceful protestors  nypd arrests dozensusa occupy des moines dozens arrested iowa  including 14rtchants change "all day  week.. occupy wall street " dozens nypd escorting  liberty st  owsrtdozens killed syrian city  residentsfreed monkey eaten tiger eccentric ohio killed setting dozens wild animals   includi...freed monkey eaten tiger eccentric ohio killed setting dozens wild animals   includi...rtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrt1 ask..  dozens mounted horsecops 200 nonviolent protesters marched 10 miles today?rtchants change "all day  week.. occupy wall street " dozens nypd escorting  liberty st  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtour reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded vans 46th st.   breaking  owsrtchants change "all day  week.. occupy wall street " dozens nypd escorting  liberty st  owsrt"peopleskitchen & running  washingtonsquarepark  dozens pizzas stacked here.  ows  o15  endthefed  foxrthundreds rallying block nyse. nypd horseback  dozens officers scene..  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtchants change "all day  week.. occupy wall street " dozens nypd escorting  liberty st  owsrtrtour reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded vans 46th st.   breaking  owsrtmtto dozens arrested washington sq citibank trying simultaneously close accounts  comrades.  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   ows
watching real time bill maher. love alan grayson said. shut panel  occupywallst including bill.rtrtrtalan grayson 2 minutes  occupywallstreetalan grayson 2 minutes  occupywallstreet   progcal"alangrayson 2 minutes  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreet   p2  truthalan grayson occupy occupyalan grayson 2 minutes  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreetrtalan grayson 2 minutes  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreetrtcheck video    alan grayson occupy wall street  viaows   ourwallstreetrtalan grayson 2 minutes  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreetoccupuwallstreet  occupy_boston  occupy_usaalan grayson pwns p.j. rourke. beautifulrtvideo   alan grayson  occupywallstreet   occupytogether  ows   occupy  usdor ...rtalan grayson 2 minutes  occupywallstreet  via[  hellzyeah  ]rtcheck video    alan grayson occupy wall street  viaows   ourwallstreetrtalan grayson 2 minutes  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreetrtrtalan grayson 2 minutes  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreetalan grayson sums grievances  occupywallst movement 2 mins  standing crowdalan grayson 2 minutes  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreet   al  al  al  yesrtalan grayson 2 minutes  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreetrtvideo   alan grayson  occupywallstreet   occupytogether  ows   occupy  usdor  occupydc  occupyla  occupysfrtalan grayson 2 minutes  occupywallstreet  ows  takewallstreetin minute alan grayson explains  occupywallst 1%  (via)  occupyboston
rtamen rtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsoccupytogetherrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."rtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsevanscence top happy news "american idol" runner lauren alaina. debut  "wildfl...rtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtour reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded vans 46th st.   breaking  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtrtour reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded vans 46th st.   breaking  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtrtour reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded vans 46th st.   breaking  owsevanscence top happy news "american idol" runner lauren alaina. debut  "wildfl...; lockboxes=awesome  blocking police vans/buses blocks park=awesome  leaving  coming back=eh  awesomertnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtrtr reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded in2 vans 46th st.ugh. wet shit. rtbill evans  blog rain nycrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtour reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded vans 46th st.   breaking  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   ows
rt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrtfascinating. ows  o15 jamie dimon analysts suggestions wall street improve image rtrtfascinating. ows  o15 jamie dimon analysts suggestions wall street improve image rtmemo liberia nobel peace prize interrupts liberian campaign   memo monrovia analysts questioned whe...rt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdormemo liberia nobel peace prize interrupts liberian campaign   memo monrovia analysts questioned whe..."images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorpierce ing comments tuck ex  mate espn analyst  pierce swipe tuck running bac...rt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorespn nfl analyst merril hoge breaks games sundays  tie tying ... eric barrow merril hoge ...rt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorany talk analyst jeff ares  vt flop elevators?   occupywallstreet  ows  btv  ourwallstreet  failrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor
breaking news  ows  occupywallstwarren buffett son defends owswarren buffett nao sabe ir sobre ganhos capital é sobre inflacao.  rtstorming capitalist castlertrti ll ontomorrow discuss  occupywallstreet & wider occupy movement w/owsif assistin giving youngbloods look democracy looks  ows  please ping him. ccoh okay think? woo  kids. thanks  mr. pagertif assistin giving youngbloods look democracy looks  ows  please ping him. ccrtrti ll ontomorrow discuss  occupywallstreet & wider occupy movement w/owsuse dirty pac money fund  elizabethwarren.convince man.rtwatch space elizabeth warren  mass senate hopeful & 2016 presidential candidate.rtrtreinstate glass steagall   elizabeth warren economic history lesson:youtube   owsoccupywallstreet  occupydealyplaza  occupydallas  occupywarrencommission  occupyuntruth   rayoflitertelizabeth warren economy lesson markets regulated   youtube   ows  occupywallstreetrti ll ontomorrow discuss  occupywallstreet & wider occupy movement w/owsrtelizabeth warren economy lesson markets regulated   youtube   ows  occupywallstreetrtthe 99% yorkers 1%? rt“they understand constituency is.”rtquotes incredible  rtin private conversation  wall street critical protestersrti ll ontomorrow discuss  occupywallstreet & wider occupy movement w/owsgreat reactions american messages  elizabethwarren  ows.  panic plutocratswarren buffet solution   owsoccupywallstreetwarren wolf makes debut  warren wolf   dominick farinacci returns  dawn goodbyewarren wolf makes debut  warren wolf   dominick farinacci returns w/  dawn goodbye    via
rtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."state art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...state art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...rtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrtrtarrested protesters loaded nypd paddy wagon.  carrying guy fawkes mask  yells "viva la revolucion."  owsrtarrested protesters loaded nypd paddy wagon.  carrying guy fawkes mask  yells "viva la revolucion."  owsrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtour reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded vans 46th st.   breaking  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtthis madness  rtnaomi wolf loaded paddy wagon  occupywallstreet  ows  (via)rtrtour reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded vans 46th st.   breaking  owsrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrtarrested protesters loaded nypd paddy wagon.  carrying guy fawkes mask  yells "viva la revolucion."  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrtrtour reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded vans 46th st.   breaking  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtrtreports arrests near liberty sq  ows march.reports protesters loaded nypd paddy wagon
answers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   washington postrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwrt“  70%  ows supporters politically independent  educated  employed  varying   readrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwrtmtdirect action comm & roles indentfied  w/varying levels arrestibility  partcipatertanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwrtrt"slavoj žižek awesome  occupywallstreetrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vw“  70%  ows supporters politically independent  educated  employed  varying   readrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom answers vary senior cia clandestine officer is...cia activity nypd questioned answers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing ny...direct action committee roles indentfied  varying levels arrestibility  partcipate.rtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwcia activity nypd questioned answers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing ny...what cia doing nypd? depends whom answers vary senior cia clandestine officer...cia activity nypd questioned answers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing ny...rtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vw
good stuff here. rtjim riggleman quietly helped willie harris tragedyrti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)rti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)rti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)rthow christian fundamentalism helped empower top 1% exploit 99%hey hurt  helped couldn spread poison :drthow christian fundamentalism helped empower top 1% exploit 99%    god  economy  atheism  occupywallst  goprtwith controversy resignation fever pitch  jim riggleman quietly helped willie harris tragedytoo bad couldn help .183 ba rtjim riggleman quietly helped w. harris tragedyrtanon helped raise $1k 4 niece  dad passing  24hrs. bad 4 bunch terrorists/child pornographersrtrthow christian fundamentalism helped empower top 1% exploit 99%rtwith controversy resignation fever pitch  jim riggleman quietly helped willie harris tragedyrti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)rti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)rti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)rti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)rti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)rti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)rti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)we mouse adventure friendly cops helped nypd bad rep were.... cute...rti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)
rtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtrtwant 2 feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheappizzajoint. ordernow   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersjust sent chicken artichoke pizza  washingtonsquarepark protesters michigan. enjoy.feedtherevolutionrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiers
go  fashion fast  season; don buy clothes  accessorize ... sunglasses chic...  pleasecongress responsible. lobbyist out. sec job.  restore glass stegal... start . owsglass steagall... pardon typoif clinton  ows positive instate nafta remove glass steagall?rtrtreinstate glass steagall   elizabeth warren economic history lesson:youtube   owslauren glassberg cutiertglass mirror ? rtup career ladder  lipstick hand makeup makes women appear competent studygarden entirely glass stands nebraska cornfields  york daily newsmttent pantry&medics;reading glasses rated 3.0;blankets/sleepingbags/handwarmers  occupydenver  needsoftheoccupiersrtny finger lakes  week nytimes.pours wine glass top vineyards featured.great piece re retention & promotion women legal profession ny times "the glass ceiling"kind thanksfor follow  appreciated  :drtrtprotester red cap  sunglasses  canvas backpack  cargo pants isundercover. conveying reports 2 nypd via radio"apple’s glass retail architecture.." genius   steve jobs & architect peter bohlin collaboration  stevejobsmyslogan mr. glass mr. steagall rebuild wall....but sweet sunglasses adoration halloween costumes own.rt$15 $30 worth mexican cuisine  + 2 glasses sangria piramide restaurant    brooklyn  nycactually electronics foxconn slaves. coherent reenact glass steagallclinton & repubs rid glass steagall & chelsea married son wall st business w/  occupywallstreetthe economics occupy wall street  glass steagall act    takewallstreet  15oct    15m  globalchangertit behooves everyprotestor learn glass steagall banking act was. hedges mentioned today.
rtdistressed homeowners join anti corporate movement    occupywallstreet  occupythefedrtlooks owners zuccotti park nypd "clear park"    cleaning. go.  owsrtwho owners?  enemy?  occupywallstreet  ows  occupytogether  99percent  usdor  tcot  p2  nwortrtzuccotti park owners  nypd "to help park" cleaned.   owsmedia decoder blog magazines help business owners social mediayep  media  won bit. spoon fed owners   owsrti dont hate business owners $250k & providing jobs. hate ceos 262 times avg employee  occupywallstreetrtthe owners liberty square calling nypd space  citing concerns.  owsrtrtzuccotti park owners received nearly $700 000 gov handouts 9/11 terror..   ows  oggartchase donates $4.6 mil nypd  ows protests   **they look donated homeowners screwed.twitter (owners users) shit.  ambercole 1  occupywallst  troydavis...nba lockout clock ticking unable close enormous gulf key issues  nba owners players are...   nbanba owners players union deal risk losing larger chunk ... unable close enormous gu...rtthe owners liberty square calling nypd space  citing concerns.  owsnba owners players return bargaining table day marathon 16 hour ... mitch lawrence christmas da...rthomeowners occupy mortgage bankers meeting chicago..  occupywallstreet  seiu  occupychicago  newbottomlinertmtletter zuccotti park owners  nypd "to help park" cleaned.   occupywallstwhy terrorists hate san francisco dogpac representing canine owners.rtlooks owners zuccotti park nypd "clear park"    cleaning. go.  owsrtimage everything. maybe concern 2 occupiers?owners nypd 2 park.  owssports law news. nba owners players return bargaining table day marathon 16 hour ... "it diffic...
democrats weprin outspent turner replace weiner thomas kaplan democrats poured $1.5 million thei...rtdamn rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationshow blackberry sorry. $100 free apps  app stores looks soviet era grocery story.rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"  getmoneyoutoccupyrtaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   ows  99percent  usdor  occupydc  endthefedrtdamn rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsrtmake $1 137 684 year? congratulations  re 99%ows  oct15  occupywallstreetrtaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   ows  99percent  usdor  occupydc  endthefedrtshame boa paying $11 mil payouts 2 execs layoff nearly 30 000 people.rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrt “ows homeless robs $100  15yrs  ceo $3billion (cont)nypd false arrests cost taxpayers $1.2million lawsuit settlementfdny fire family transport foundation pencil fellows program recieving $175k donations thanks gawda mondaygases & welding distributors association donating $175k nyc charities monday morningrtmtto clearusing riot cops protect grass. $150k grass. op costing boston?rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtdid paid $1 taxes paid entire bank america?  occupywallstreet  boarttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtows rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrt1989 2008 financial sector spent $1.7b campaign contributions & $3.4b lobbying.  usdor  occupywallstreet
staving change grit bowery   york times york timesstaving change grit t...israeli cabinet outline social change   york times ha aretzisraeli cabinet outline soci...short stay east tcu  horned frogs expected jump 12 ...   york daily news short st...europe delays meeting debt crisis actions   york times thestreet.comeurope delays meeting debt crisis...romney looks past rivals debate focuses economy   york times york timesromney looks past rivals a...ny jets rex ryan finish week win miami dolphins ...   york daily news york...women flock free self defense class gropings continue brooklyn   york daily news york daily ne...lupica indy champ dies   york daily news abc newslupica indy champ dies youngnew york daily...bids emi fall short   york times moneybids emi fall shortnew york timesbids...monkey freed suicidal zookeeper terry thompson eaten ...   york daily news monkey freed...warning tax revenues fail rebound   york times warning tax revenues fail re...rtformer ny jets wr al toon concussions havent kept son nick ... nick toon  4  remembe...cuomo despite sagging economy  ll boost school  health spending ...go  fashion fast  season; don buy clothes  accessorize ... sunglasses chic...  pleasenypd ll stop blaming skirts multiple women reported officers critiquing dressed  telling ...wow  watched video 125th street melee nypd crazy ass girls... hits cop bag? idiotsand proceeded try fight cops off? ummmmm dumb? nypd officer... re digging hole deeperrtoccupywallst   despite rage rat cage...   ows google  austrianeconomicsdwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...rt“crowd chanting "fox news lies"   angry protesters encircledat  occupywallst” karma see...rtthey called lazy stupid "play" computers .. fools ..  ows  viral
we generator  troydavispark asap  please 60 walton w/ & help   needsoftheoccupiers  occupyatlantartwe fuel/oil generators  water  blankets  pillows  plastic storage containers  bungee cords  needsoftheoccupiers  occupysdoccupy london stock exchange help supply petrol electricity generator  needsoftheoccupiers  occupylsx  occupyrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtwe desperate generator  dedicated laptop 4g hotspot jersey city  needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99rtwe generator  troydavispark asap  please 60 walton w/ & help   needsoftheoccupiers  occupyatlantacan specify amount equipment:laptop generator etc.ready pay items 2 mail marina.happy.tour.comcan specify amount equipmnt:laptop generator etc.ready pay items 2 mail marina.happy.tour.comrtwe generator  troydavispark asap  please 60 walton w/ & help   needsoftheoccupiers  occupyatlantartoccupylancasterneeds solar generator  lpd allow gas powered one. plz rtoccupywallstreet  ows  usdorrtwe desperate generator  dedicated laptop 4g hotspot jersey city  needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99rthelpdesperatelyneedsagenerator  poweralmostout  needsoftheoccupiersows tyrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelwe generator  troydavispark asap  please 60 walton w/ & help   needsoftheoccupiers  occupyatlantaoccupy montreal generator  electricity + internet + livestreaming tomorrow  toilets installedrthelpdesperatelyneedsagenerator  poweralmostout  needsoftheoccupiersows tyrtrttech tent media station powered solar generators.  occupyphilly goal completely gridrtoccupylancasterneeds solar generator  lpd allow gas powered one. plz rtoccupywallstreet  ows  usdorrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtwe fuel/oil generators  water  blankets  pillows  plastic storage containers  bungee cords  needsoftheoccupiers  occupysd
"u.s. increases pressure iran  holds sanctionsrtsoy15o porque quiero una sociedad de individuos solo se miran el ombligo ignorando lo sucede en el mundo  takewallstreet  indignésnews obama vows punish iran alleged plot envoy president obama push calls ...iran & china laughing wall st funded nypd brutality terrorism citizensiran & china laughing wall st funded nypd brutality terrorism citizensrtrtan iranian actress paying heavy price film role jail 90 lashescoming  hidden agendas  paid iran  starting afire consume landu.s. increases pressure  iran  holds sanctionsfyi  eeuu odd mansour arbabsiar  suspect iranian plotrttweets from& re&  occupywallst remind  iranelection internet covered.  owsrtiran fails attempt monkey space   iranelection ahmadinejad?rtoccupydc live stream    happening      occupywallstreet  ows  usdor    bahrain  iran  israel  gazairanian plot kill saudi ambassador foiled ag eric holder federal authorities foiled plot assassinate ...man center iranian plot car salesman report dabbling assassination hire  man...iranian plot kill saudi ambassador foiled ag eric holder federal authorities foiled plot assassinate ...rubin iranian plot force change policy united implicated islamic republic...iran warns u.s. retaliation talk iran supreme leader warned united sunday measure...rtiranian actress sentenced jail film rolertcoming  hidden agendas  paid iran  starting afire consume landiranians accused plot kill saudis  u.s. envoy           picus talks tough iran  holds harsher moves   york times
news u.s. cuts proposed size force iraq proposal american troops iraq train it...baghdad journal embrace u.s.  spun mixed iraqis sounds rappers moves of...rtfrom army medic friend iraq "you tell hippiesto bring home " grew vt dairy farm gone  owswhy?  > troops iraq talk halliburton & kbr    iraq  60minutes  soldiers  veteranslet call vegas money leaving iraq.. unless leave iraq africa. obama sent ugandartfrom army medic friend iraq "you tell hippiesto bring home " grew vt dairy farm gone  owsblack iraq war veteran confronts nypd brutality occupy wall st.rt usa iraq vet home truths nypd violence towards unarmed protestors.blog {  }  forum  iraq vet blasts nypd abusing ows protestersrtfrom army medic friend iraq "you tell hippiesto bring home " grew vt dairy farm gone  owsnews u.s. cuts proposed size force iraqmarine vet iraq shamar thomas iraq troops didn act  nypd beating people.  ows  occupywallsstreetrtdennis  kucinich comments 9th anniversary  war  iraq   takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanksrtfrom army medic friend iraq "you tell hippiesto bring home " grew vt dairy farm gone  owsrtdisturbing insights theon neweditor failures  iraq war coverageanyone comparing  occupywallst iraq libya kill themselves. sitting wall st astronomically thereisn u.s./iraq war started?9/11  iraq  afghanistan  pentagon  wtc  terrorism video banned governmentoccupy  occupywallstreet  wanna fight  iraq...dtn usa u.s. cuts proposed size force iraq proposal american troops iraq train...in iraq  hip hop takes root
rtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  ows
occupywallstreet police spokesman paul browne 42 people arrested times square 8 p.m. saturdayrtmuseum founder alice walton arrested duirtpolice 8pm "large disorderly group" 46th nr 6th "given separate warnings disperse" 42 arrests   owsrtrtpeople mic "we strong. remain unafraid."  occupywallstreet  libertyplazartows cops massing  occupychicagortoccupywallstreet update   ? top stories viartrtpeople mic "we strong. remain unafraid."  occupywallstreet  libertyplazartrtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free   libertysquare  ows  usdor  15octrtben jerrys proving coolest company  publicly supporting  occupywallst  99percent. thanksrtrtwe depressed tonight bank week progress report (what progress) an… (cont)sois correcting stat 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtlive  occupywallstreet sunday night >>rtlive  occupywallstreet sunday night >>rtrtpeople mic "we strong. remain unafraid."  occupywallstreet  libertyplazanewsinter 42arrestations  hauteur de la 46th avenue   times square york. (nypd)  occupywallstreet  followdjaz prefere ayisyenrt42 arrests 47th  oct15  owsrtrtget subway   42nd net  nypd entrapping protestersrtpolice confirm 42  occupywallst arrests.rtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtchants change "all day  week.. occupy wall street " dozens nypd escorting  liberty st  owsrtrtrtthe nypd spent $1.9m overtime policing  ows > thats onlybhalf jpmorgan u. whiners.
rtoccupydenver tents  sleeping bags  blankets  socks  food donations.   needsoftheoccupiers.rttop heavy  0.5% own nearly 40% world wealth => $231 trillion $$$...   p21  tcot  occupywallstreetrtrtnypd tells ows leave tomorrow morning "cleaning." ...rtadorable   sign apocalypse? baffled baby tries read magazine ipadrt “who 2 23 wall st  4pm  2 help march artwork?  needsoftheoccupiers  ows”"hey look parade""those protesters..."  delayedtweet  occupywallstnew york 13 237 yellow taxis; 231 accommodate wheelchair. 1.7%.  luck finding cab.success hasn spoiled mary kate ashley olsen sister elizabeth  yet.rtnews rules signs  speaking unless spoken  hugging  eye contact  smilingsteps bus attacked 23 woman fought fiend pummeled tried sexually ass...rtoct. 17 updates  occupywallstreet by(featuring)   viaoccupywallstreet interview brilliant occupier 10/23/11 (part 2)rtseiu tooccupywallstreetwevertbronx 2379 creston ave male stabbed doa scene. crime scene established.rtjonesboros version  occupywallstreet lmbopresident clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...rtanon ops    ourwallstreet live  occupywallstreet   day 23    occupyamericartnyse banner rtwe hung top floor jp morgan building [at 23 wall street  nyse]rtbronx 2379 creston ave male stabbed doa scene. crime scene established.rtrtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free    libertysquare  ows  usdor  15octformer sacred heart basketball player  chauncey hardy  23  killed ...
rtthe party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdornba legend jerry west details depression  abusive father memoir  west ... west memoi...iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguefdny fire family transport foundation pencil fellows program recieving $175k donations thanks gawda mondaygases & welding distributors association donating $175k nyc charities monday morningrtagain  donate  nypd    comment box specify pepper spray.  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtthe party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdorprogressive warrior & feminist leader  naomi wolf v. nypd 10.18.2011  viap2  fem2rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtthe party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdorrtthe party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdorrtthe party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdorrtofficer saved gunpoint own wedged fingerrtthe party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdorrtthe party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdorrt“the party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdor”rt“the party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdor”iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguert“the party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdor”rtthe party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdorstanding     abc   review           pic
go  fashion fast  season; don buy clothes  accessorize ... sunglasses chic...  pleasert  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrtnot fox news headlines anytime soon fox news survey "do agree w/  occupywallstreet" ~70% yes   p2twilight  star nikki reed married paul mcdonald  americanidolrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrt70 marched superior court  occupyla support filed papers investigate judges bank money.  ourwallstreetrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrtrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtmtbrookfield received nearly 700k meant business  $8 billion company    owsprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor  via<rtmtbrookfield received nearly 700k meant business  $8 billion company    owsrt????????? ????????? unix ? ????? ????????????????  ? ??? ? ???????? 70 ??? ????????? ?????? ?????  ?????????...if  nyc mayor bloomberg concern abt $2mil  nypd overtime  ows  citytime scandal watch cost $700miloccupywallstexclusive brookfield looted $700k 9/11 gov grant meant business evict  owsrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt3k washington square  ga  70 arrests total  ows  oct15rthow ridiculous? obama won peace nobel prize year(2007) spent $700 million war destruction.  ows  usdorrtmore 900 ex govt officials inc 70 former congress mbr lobbied financial sector 2009   usdor  owsrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykst
rtows fun 5 banks account 96% $250 trillion outstanding usa derivative exposures cc  occupywallst  a99  endthefedrt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.facts  occupywallstreet crystalized public mind median family income 6.7%. real unemployment 16%.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.ows fun 5 banks account 96% $250 trillion outstanding usa derivative exposures cc  occupywallst  a99  endthefedrt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rtows fun 5 banks account 96% $250 trillion outstanding usa derivative exposures cc  occupywallst  a99  endthefedus benefits retirees rise 3.6%   york timesrtoccupywallst 36% favorable  41% unfavorable. | apparently majority opposes marxism  tcot  lur  1u  p2five banks account 96% $250 trillion outstanding  derivative exposure  opesr  usdor  a99  endthefedrt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.occupywallst tweets 216% daily increase brooklyn bridge arrests [stats]rtmtoccupywallst 36% favorable  41% unfavorable. | apparently majority opposes marxism  tcotrt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rtows fun 5 banks account 96% $250 trillion outstanding usa derivative exposures cc  occupywallst  a99  endthefedrt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.
cops moving  occupyseattle liveoccupyseattle confirmed arrests. livertwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtstill looking laptop 4g network continue livestreaming  please help 24/7 feed15m   yosalgo15o cibeles   wearechange  globalchangepakistan containment:us india conciliatory kashmir  easing border controls&releasing prisonersrtadorable   sign apocalypse? baffled baby tries read magazine ipadrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersnews  a$$ kickin  required. msthang throws bleach  rival  hits 10 folks       fbrtwe laptop 4g hotspot finally set live stream jc. help?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe desperate generator  dedicated laptop 4g hotspot jersey city  needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99occupy wall st. celebrates 1 mo. anniversary occupy wall street protesters zuccotti par...rtrtlatest radio free wall street podcast   euro bailouts  crazy market   occupywallstreetrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiers“meet folks  libertyplaza day 1  ows  sep17  amazing individualsrtwe desperate generator  dedicated laptop 4g hotspot jersey city  needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupierslos "indignados" de  washington piden empleos verdes se oponen las guerras   occupywallstreet  zeitgeist via  efertwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersnytimes news story growing ‘occupy’ protestsrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiers
iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguertnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalk     occupywallstreetrt ???? ????? ???? ???? ??? ???? ???? ?????/?????? ???? ??? ????? ?????? ?? ??? ????????…iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguekanye west  simmons visit wall st. protestersrtaccused killer  caught video act  plea deal; da feared ticket fixing s..nissan develops 10 minute electric car chargerstate art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...state art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...wall st. protesters drive geraldo fox news talking head geraldo rivera forced beat hasty retreat...occupywallstreet  timessquare  o15...aloha   woohoo  ; )occupywallstreet  occupysanjose listening 2 pirate radio98.5 / 102.1   needsoftheoccupiers  kfoxslavoj zizek speaking  occupywallstreetiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue
marine vs nypd    owsdr. terry jones  occupywallstreet protesters   ows  occupywallst  iamthe53rtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>rtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>pbs ‘wham  bam  islam ’ ‘independent lens’    dr. naif al mutawartthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>needsoftheoccupiers  throwmoney  occupywallstreet  fail  owsfail  o15  gohomefool(s)rtmainstreet paying wallstreets trainwreck...   occupyla  occcupywallstreetrtrtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??“rttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??” purpose proof.the archaeoinaction daily   ? top stories viaanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   washington postrtrtcount rt71 protesters arrested times square   ows  breaking  15ooffline spook/100swave&yellyahmule  slip/vegoilrtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>rtrt video  ows michael moore plea police officers join  occupywallstreetbuffalo bills qb ryan fitzpatrick wears wedding ring nfl gamescan work?  ideartconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??
rt99% vs. 1%    occupy wall st. movement 853 cities world shoring   ows   ourwallstreetdr. terry jones  occupywallstreet protesters   ows  occupywallst  iamthe53rtbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  takewallstreet  owswhy  iamthe53 wrong   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  owsrtinteresting... 99% vs. 53%    occupywallstreet  99percentrtthat pesky constitution  rtmayor sympathizes protesters  "can’t tie ci...amazon rewrites rules book publishing  htrtwe 53 percent vs 99 percent   tytowsrt99 percenters 53 percentersrtwe 53 percent vs 99 percent   tytowsnytimes career ladder  lipstick handmichael jackson autopsy photos shown jury jurors harrowing photo michael jackson dead  naked bod...rtiam53    "i poop nypd car."rtwe 53 percent vs 99 percent   tytowscantor shifts tone occupy wall street protests  readrtwe 53 percent vs 99 percent   tytowsanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   washington postu.s. troops battle control key afghan routewe 99%  ows  occupywallstreet  anonymousthx"open letter 53% guy"  cnn  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  p2  usdor  teapartyinteresting... 99% vs. 53%    occupywallstreet  99percent
rt99% vs. 1%    occupy wall st. movement 853 cities world shoring   ows   ourwallstreetrtor more. rt99% called  anti zionists  anti smites learned word.  occupywallstreet  owsrti love 99% faith it. hat tip don stop :)   usdor  ows  99%  truthrt99% lol.  ows meltdown boy identified trust fund baby.rtthe photo infuriate nypd  peaceful officer.  wearethe99percent  owsrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtows  solidarity  usdor  99percent please don allow racism antisemitism infiltrate ows movement. together.rtfound facebook   occupywallstreet student 99%.rti am 99% agree 99%?  ows   ourwallstreetrtows protests swell nationwide; scores arrested   cnn     occupytogether  occupywallst  the99%  99percent  usdor  occupypeople aren looking. 99%   occupybrangelinashousertrtnypd officers outside john paulson townhouse  ows  99nyows  anon  99%  takeastand  beheardrtsome marcehers yell nypd "we love " "join "  owsrtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonightrtgreat photos  occupymilwaukee   wearethe99  occupywallstrtwe 99% echoes world   ows  occupywallstreet  15oct  15o  occupytogetherrtoccupydc protest pepper spray incident incited agent provocateurs (video)   ows  occupywallstreet  opesr  a99  usdorrtaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   ows  99percent  usdor  occupydc  endthefeddemocracy america ll buy 99%  occupywallstreet yard sign. what?  occupy[redacted|township signs?  owsrtsome marcehers yell nypd "we love " "join "  ows

rtthis ugly. letter frm  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rti noticed ppl tweeting  dalefarm horrid & played innocent true selves now. ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.spread word ..watch gov trouble makers sent protest ugly.ows stamp themselvesrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtthis ugly. letter frm  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.nypd confirm nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtthings ugly. stay safe. move slow. trampled. backs.  owsrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.nypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtthings ugly. stay safe. move slow. trampled. backs.  owsrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.
private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...rtprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor  viadwn  stopice  ri4a  altopolimigra  p2private immigration jails bucks locking poor  via<rtlolol  rtnypd annouces  "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  owsrtlolol  rtnypd annouces  "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  owsrtprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor  viadwn  stopice  ri4a  altopolimigra  p2rtthey accused blocking traffic  sidewalk. confused. pushed hit batons.  occupywallstprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...rtnypd annouces  "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  owsrtadd white yankee ass that. rtannnnd  blocking continue  kiss white irish assrtwhen takes 99% profile pic.. bypass twitter blocking day rage hashtags trending    usdor    occupywallstreetprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...us blocking access bradley manning   human rights rep  viapls watchprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...lolll  rtyou welcome rtthanks n.y.p.d locking bro bday..... loserz; lockboxes=awesome  blocking police vans/buses blocks park=awesome  leaving  coming back=eh  awesomeimmigration jails $$$ locking poor   shady business. hey  cares   the...rtrtnypd annouces "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  owsprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...rtrtcommunity purposely blocking 5th wsn police buses road cant down.  ows  occupywallstreet  oct15okay  lol  locking arms save greatly medical tent   ows  occupywallstnyc
rtnew  citizenradio reporters funded ‘vulture capitalist’ smear  occupywallstreet  karl rove vs. koch brothers   owsrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrtrt america reports reporters press pass confiscated  nypd  owsrtour reporters zuccotti park  ows preps showdown nypd live updateswhy read murderer sad sap story? hey reporters  glorifying cold blooded child & wife killer.rtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrtnew  citizenradio reporters funded ‘vulture capitalist’ smear  occupywallstreet  karl rove vs. koch brothers   owspens  crosby cleared  contact  practice pittsburgh penguins captain sidney crosby told reporters thur...rtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrtother  ows reporters today...who else?rtour reporters zuccotti park ows preps showdown nypd live updatesrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdmaced fox news reporters? ve   occupywallstreetrtour reporters zuccotti park  ows preps showdown nypd live updatesrtrt america reports reporters press pass confiscated  nypd  owsrt america reports reporters press pass confiscated  nypd  owsrtwho’s journalist? bit.ly/r4o1yn arrest reporters  ows protest raise questions abt nypd press credential processrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdheads rtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypd   bit.ly/qwsscnrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypd
rtsign help reach 100 000 supporters standing  occupywallst protestors country   owsrtoccupywallst – topsy photosows marines sean hannity f*ck   via~ ourwallstreet  ows  occupywallstreetows inclusive itd awesome forto decent 3rd party pres candidatewhy  wethepeople  occupywallst ? beltway earnings u.s. capital richer silicon valley   ows  occupydcrtcalling  rabbis &  synagogues build  sukkot  booths 4 shelters  ows  odc  occupychicago  religiousfreedomrtcitizenradio marine nypd ‘no honor’ hurting civilianson  owsrtthis clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  obama2012abc news4 & 9news herertows cops massing  occupychicagort 4  yes  verses star spangled bannerrteveryone tweetand tell followso real news coverage  ows  occupydc  occupywallst  p21rtoccupywallstreet update   ? top stories viartpetition help reach 100 000 strong standing  occupywallstreet   signrtoccupydc protest pepper spray incident incited agent provocateurs (video)   ows  occupywallstreet  opesr  a99  usdorrtoccupy washington  dc stays freedom plaza    oct6   usdor   occupywallstreet ...rtaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   ows  99percent  usdor  occupydc  endthefedrtmake owner zuccoti square pay   oct6  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  occupydc  usdor  occupywallst  antibanksrt cornel west 15 arrested held overnight  oct6  occupytogether  occupydc occupywallstreet  usdor  occupywallstrtvideo cornel west arrest w/16   oct6  occupytogether  occupydc  usdor  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  antibanksrt"ministers & engage  civildisobedience stop nypd stop & frisk  oct21
rtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owsrtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  ows"we dress black tie&throw bars soapbut decided save trip&get drinks"media decoder blog video netflix backtracks   netflix changed course decided split online stream...rtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owsb careful  americans.in 1969 ppl decided 2 occupy own country.now  nato bombs 99%  libya   ows  occupywallst…rtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owssource vague. article gothamist wikipedia piece. decided wasn worth pursuing.rtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owsrtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owsmedia serious attitude adjustment. gentleman decided can/cannot power strip charge phones (cont)rtrti decided stick love. hate burden bear.  martin luther king  jr."i decided stick love. hate burden bear." martin luther king  jr.rt?  ows news sf police commission decided raid  occupysf camp 1st amendment rights precedence  winningi ve decided follower nypd rwnj. malkin & breitbart tipped off."i decided stick love. hatred burden bear." martin luther king  jr.  quotes  occupywallstreetrtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owsdecided occupy wall st....by actually getting job wall st.  occupywallstsad obama watched waited "supporting"/condemning  ows til decided benefits campaign>the risks.rtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owsrtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  ows
monkey freed suicidal zookeeper terry thompson eaten ...   york daily news monkey freed...rtle mouvement  occupy wall street  séduit bien au delà des frontières  ows  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  sep17child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...rtleaked letter goldman sachs   ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtrtows cops starting understand  pic nypd throwing peace sign a… (cont)thousands  wallstreet protesters march  washingtonsquare park  hold peaceful meeting apne.ws/nb8kld  cj  owsben & jerry supports occupy wall streetrtrtows cops starting understand  pic nypd throwing peace sign a… (cont)rtoccupyflag  timelapse video  art install  occupylap2  owsmidwestantiwar thx"gary myers time ny jets coach rex ryan control offense uglier   nyj"child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...rtscreams nyc "no barricades  barricades " watch live   ows  usdorstate art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...rtrtows cops starting understand  pic nypd throwing peace sign a… (cont)avengers  assemble york comic con geeks woodwork gotham weekend comic con...“rtchristopher hitchens writing  mortality cancerstrip search world scrabble tournament world scrabble championships descended controversy week...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... strength training ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...
israeli cabinet outline social change   york times ha aretzisraeli cabinet outline soci...romney looks past rivals debate focuses economy   york times york timesromney looks past rivals a...women flock free self defense class gropings continue brooklyn   york daily news york daily ne...rtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionssean hannity busy trashing  occupywallstreet . doesn people parties bankers?  owa  occupydopo la rivolta. pierandrea amato ci parla di   15o  occupywallstreet  globalchangertstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsrthard believe thisprotester soda back.rtsawwas  occupywallstreet protests support.  catch 11/2 fargo center phillyrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrt99% vs. 1%    occupy wall st. movement 853 cities world shoring   ows   ourwallstreetrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtseeing  occupywallst own eyes restored faith democracy. people movement corporate sponsored.   ows  fbrt  winning  ows  occupywallstreetrt"in party system steal economic freedom personal freedom  beware"   ows  occupywallstreetrtthe army acting concert symphony heard  occupywallstreet  ows  revolution  news  mediartthe army   occupywallstreet  ows  revolution  news  mediartmust read notice "no fear" animal farm themes "spark" notes   occupywallstreet  ows   revolution  news  media  o13rtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrtno  veteran executive banker   occupywallst fringe movement.  glad citi ceo that.rtjust tried followafter reading op eds supporting  occupywallstreet  acct suspended
rtnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalk     occupywallstreetrtnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalk     occupywallstreetrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdornypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalk     occupywallstreetrtnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalkrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrtnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalk     occupywallstreetrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdoryes  agreed  corporations (legally) vote  individual citizens  dont 1% buy elections anymorert3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorundercover   nypd illegally spying  muslims  collegescain immigration policy include electrified fence kill people trying enter country illegally.rt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrtnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalk     occupywallstreetrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrtsecret white house memo legally killing anwar al awlaki report
rthard believe thisprotester soda back.yes  crazies beating pepper spraying peaceful  resisting  nypd officers month.  owsrtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsthe nypd  sponsored wall street   owsrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.nypd detective helps cardiac arrest columbus day paradenypd ll stop blaming skirts multiple women reported officers critiquing dressed  telling ...wow  watched video 125th street melee nypd crazy ass girls... hits cop bag? idiotsand proceeded try fight cops off? ummmmm dumb? nypd officer... re digging hole deepervideo 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viartus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstmarine vs nypd    owsrt“update   crowd chanting "jesse "  nypd "who serve? protect"  ows”rtcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesternypd 1% haven realised yetrtnypd 1%  losing pensions & union power  co opted  owsrtthe photo infuriate nypd  peaceful officer.  wearethe99percent  owsmy nose starts twitching david caruso nypd blue whoever interrogating lying him.rtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross ..."former federal lawyer calls investigation nypd muslim spy programsnypd hands tied  thank youtube posting context  liberals crying
rtelections putspro israel neocons & antiback top &againstrtoh good. "only mountain lion  grizzly bear monkey remained unaccounted for"rt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrtaccused killer  caught video act  plea deal; da feared ticket fixing s..very troubling... rt“they understand constituency is.”rt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorafghanistan increase poppy cultivation   york timesrtvoter id laws prevent people voting    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows   usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorif "piss poor" mean bit disorganised  initial  occupywallst ones gaffrt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdoroccupywallstreet 19 arrested citibank branch   occupythefedreview song "ace spade" album "ace spade"  scenic records artists wzard dj toxic dust album..rtrt~ 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owsoccupywallstreet legitimate gripes? legitimate gripes  business insiderrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtwhite shirted nypd bullhorn giving polite instructions "stay sudewalk.." arrests report..  owsrtwhite shirted nypd bullhorn giving polite instructions "stay sudewalk.." arrests report..  owsrtfuck yeah bitchez  <6 rtrtlive camera times square  occupywallstreet protesters arrivertif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdor
syria warns countries recognize opposition  ~ mands ? dick  ta ta  tures ? slap bitch seal eesyria warns countries recognize oppositionobama warns pakistan term tieshahahahaha  "libyan government warns nypd exercise restraint   ows   owshumor"iran warns u.s. retaliation talk iran supreme leader warned united sunday measure...libyan government warns nypd exercise restraint « borowitz ... tripoli (the borowitz report) – arrests mo...libyan government warns nypd exercise restraint « borowitz ... tripoli (the borowitz report) – arrests mo...rtlech walesa  former nobel prize winning polish president  warns  worldwide revolt capitalism    owsrtlech walesa  former nobel prize winning polish president  warns  worldwide revolt capitalism    owsiran supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei warns talk retaliationlibyan government warns nypd exercise restraint « borowitz report  via"libyan government warns nypd exercise restraint   ows"  fbrtlech walesa  nobel prize winning polish ex president  warns  revolt capitalism"   owsdtn iran iran warns u.s. retaliation talk iran  supreme leader warned united sunday ...libyan government warns nypd exercise restraint « borowitz ... tripoli (the borowitz report) – arrests mo...rtlibyan government warns nypd exercise restraintlibyan government warns nypd exercise restraint  viaowslibyan government warns nypd exercise restraint « borowitz ...rtbreaking libyan government warns nypd exercise restraint  owsiran supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei warns u.s. talk retaliation   york daily newsrthahahahaha  "libyan government warns nypd exercise restraint   ows   owshumor"
"inside" real... ugh.rtunreal. |  nypd white shirt ko female protester 2day   occupywallstreetrtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.paula deen tops maxim  hottest female chef  list  viabutter seriously unreal......poetry privilege   occupywallst  race   ellogarbage shit real.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtoccupywallstreet  ows call money politics  messiah goes week fund raising trips. unreal.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtoccupywallstreet  ows call money politics  messiah goes week fund raising trips. unreal.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.dtn usa google hands wikileaks volunteer gmail data u.s. government gmail users hefty dose real...or genocide indigenous resisters faced? really? faced occupy movement has? real.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.unreal. |  nypd white shirt ko female protester 2day   occupywallstreetrtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.wow. suck. reason serious people don leftist seriously. nader book signing real.disgusting rtrtunreal. |  nypd white shirt ko female protester 2day   occupywallstreetrtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.
rtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtbishop indicted; charge failing report abuse   ag sulzberger & goodstein   nytimes   richarddawkins netrtrtsusan sarandon blasted calling pope benedict xiv  nazi    twice   tcot  tlotrtbloomberg seeks balance protest &  silence   // silence?  wtfman wife stolen cremated remains neighbor punched thief ...rtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationssurveillance nypd spying muslim college studentsrtconnecttheleft  occupywallstreet  usdor james  keefe reportedly creeping occupy wall streetexclusive meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdworking *within system*  meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsoccupy wall street meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdoccupywallstreet planning guy fawkes night remember remember 5th november gunpowder treason day     ows  usdorrtrti involved. info.com ccsurveillance nypd spying muslim college studentsrtoccupy wall street  ows  occupywallstreetguy fawkes es hong kong   occupywallstreet““??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????   mal3ob3lena  mal3ob3alena””update  citibank york + bank america santa cruz sperrt kunden ein als diese ihre konten aufloesen  viahi lucy  reporter gawker. pics?
patriots 30  jets 21 thinking playoff glory  jets lose patriots jets pulled close  defense...rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straighttea party patriots stop comparing occupy wall street protesters ...rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightplease support  ows brave patriots staying tonight  solidarity  the99percent.   typatriots vs. jets five questions jeff capellini cbsnewyork.comrtheyhow bout doing investigative reporting countrywide loan chris dodd.  tcot  tlot  teaparty  ppatriots  ows  usdorpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight jets pulled close  defe...rtinteresting..all "patriots" celebrate "boston tea party"  revolution outraged peaceful calls4 fairness  ows.  usdorrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtheyhow bout doing investigative reporting countrywide loan chris dodd.  tcot  tlot  teaparty  ppatriots  ows  usdorrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightwoot  pats  rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight jets pulled close  defen...rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightjets weak excuses loss patriots(ny daily news)rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight  // yes patspatriots vs. jets five questions jeff capellini cbsnewyork.comrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight
rt99% vs. 1%    occupy wall st. movement 853 cities world shoring   ows   ourwallstreetvideo 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viamarine vs nypd    owsrtoccupy des moines 32 arrested statehouse   occupyla stands solidarity wrtrthey 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd copsrtwow. powerful video vet vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "occupytimessquare 1 marine vs. 30 cops (marine wins)  occupywallstreetrtnew  citizenradio reporters funded ‘vulture capitalist’ smear  occupywallstreet  karl rove vs. koch brothers   owsinteresting cc :rtgreen column airlines weigh advantages using biofuelrtthis clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  obama2012video 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viaworking *within system*  meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdrt7 core demands  occupywallstreet movement   15oct  takewallstreet  owsi liked avideo nypd spies muslim college studentsrtmust watch (extended hd version) 1 marine vs. 30 cops (marine wins)   ows  occupywallstreet  usdor  sep17  oct15  15ortleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtinteresting... 99% vs. 53%    occupywallstreet  99percentrtmtlatino occupy wall street protesters spanish news flowing   conrepresentandonypd gone wild drones vs  occupywallstreet ?  occupyamerica   bloomberg  obama  occupytogether  stopthemach2011  usdorrtthe dems saying  occupywallstreet save asses. haha people vs democons/republicons  owswhat? “hotel worker fired refusing remove american flag pin
sean hannity busy trashing  occupywallstreet . doesn people parties bankers?  owa  occupyrt"in party system steal economic freedom personal freedom  beware"   ows  occupywallstreetrtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.student nj community college stutters told speak class  /viaa11yrtplz follow acthey ll start bank accounts  bahrain zero  withdraw cash monday 24octrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstwe re poster project 4 community organizing. love postersrtwatch grow. nytimes buoyed wall st. protests  rallies sweep globertoccupyasheville campers cityhall kicked ass load police.  ows  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherrtsame  halifax  rtthey handouts? re ones giving   feed  libertysquare  ows  occupynsbarack obama supporters stage harlem tea party support president re ... jennifer h. cunningham backe...today liberty plaza visit slavoj zizekwer15o  soy15ortpolice brutality claims surround occupy wall street day rage protests  takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtnyc city council hold "living wage" hearing | york daily news   nycouncil  livingwagethe biggest impact solidarity  occupywallst  ows  occupiedworldrtthis ugly. letter frm  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsi city photograph rights place.it time inform occupy fad fans bilderberg usa cnn diverting fibib tranquilityrtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartbronx police hold subway gates enter train free   libertysquare  ows  usdor  15oct
rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.be present. mttmrw 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor copsrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.
rtsign help reach 100 000 supporters standing  occupywallst protestors country   owsrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whiterttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrtpetition help reach 100 000 strong standing  occupywallstreet   signrtows petition help reach 100 000 strong standing  occupywallstreet   signrtsign help reach 100 000 supporters standing  occupywallst protestors country   owsrtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   email owsoutreachfor details    ows  occupywallstnycrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owslibertysquare reached  washingtonsquare  occupywallstreet live >>rtliberty plaza cleaning day thursday   bring trashbags cleaning supplies park sparkle    ows  occupywallstnycsports  reach racist ny cop implications.  teen lost baseball shot.    fbrtthe assembly  occupywallstreet reached consensus. stay  hold  libertyplaza  viaowsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   email owsoutreachfor details    ows  occupywallstnycrtget ready global day action saturday      ows  occupywallstnycisrael reaches deal free captured soldier israelis reached tentative deal hamas free s...rti wrong don tryn reach   occupywallstreet wallstreet weekends:d design artists  logos reach hostility web world graphic design  su...    anneespeaking designs  artists  logos reach hostility web world graphic design...    anneert“two thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  ows
rthard believe thisprotester soda back.rtsawwas  occupywallstreet protests support.  catch 11/2 fargo center phillyrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsyes  crazies beating pepper spraying peaceful  resisting  nypd officers month.  owsrtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsand proceeded try fight cops off? ummmmm dumb? nypd officer... re digging hole deeper30 guess  takewallstreet protests ;   )store clerk fla. shoots  kills robber  lol  takewallstreet  protesterrtmoney = debt = slavery  . obama black president brings slavery  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt“update   crowd chanting "jesse "  nypd "who serve? protect"  ows”rtdoes provoked raid medical tent?  occupywallstreetwe re poster project 4 community organizing. love postersoccupy times square  occupywallstreet  protesters swarm midtown  nycawesome      police finally enforce law "protesters "rtnato officer qaddafi loyalists’ resilience surprisingrti love 99% faith it. hat tip don stop :)   usdor  ows  99%  truthrtwatch grow. nytimes buoyed wall st. protests  rallies sweep globertcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrt“crowd chanting "fox news lies"   angry protesters encircledat  occupywallst” karma see...rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    ows
rtin breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking americain breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking americain breast cancer fight  pinking america marketing powerhouse arisen war breast cance...rtin breast cancer fight  pinking americanyt "the pinking america." ... mentioned week cool town pop warner team pinkrtin breast cancer fight  pinking americain breast cancer fight  pinking america marketing powerhouse arisen war breast cance...rtin breast cancer fight  pinking americathe pinking america...rtin breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking americaoctober breast cancer awareness month ...go pink  rtin breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking america
rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rtpolitical activist jesus gonzalez stopped & frisked 20 times  nypd.  brooklynrt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt"85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked."rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.unfairfacts 85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.
urgent defend  occupywallstreet eviction tomorrow mayorsign   owsrturgent defend  occupywallstreet eviction  friday mayorsign   owsowsrturgent nyc  caution scooters mercer 4th.occupywallstnyc  ows  usdorrtpls urgent  usdor seattles camp raided 7am. arrests happening now. call mayor (206) 684 4000  occupyseattleows urgent " nypd police getting ready raid park"  washingtonsquare  occupywallstreet plzurgent defend  occupywallstreet eviction tomorrow mayorsign   owsurgent defend  occupywallstreet eviction tomorrow mayorsign   owsrtrturgent call action  bloomberg plan 2 evict ny  occupywallstreet protest   usdor  owsrtows urgent " nypd police getting ready raid park"  washingtonsquare  occupywallstreet plzoccupywallstreet urgently matador costumes.needsoftheoccupiers  owsoccupywallstreet urgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrturgent  call city tell evict  ows  usdor  solidarity rturgent defend  occupywallstreet eviction tomorrow mayorsign   owsurgent defend  occupywallstreet eviction tomorrow mayorsign   owsrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrtpls urgent>>nypd attempt evict  occupywallstreet tomorrow. call 212 york & tellusdorrtpls urgent>nypd attempt evict  occupywallstreet tomorrow. call 212 york & tell2 support people   usdorrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgent call action  bloomberg plan 2 evict  occupywallstreet protest happen tomorrow mornrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows cc
let police arrest us; pay bail. clog prison system.let police arrest us; pay bail. clog prison system.let police arrest us; pay bail. clog prison system.rtprotesters charges dropped ll clog courts...  | why? re creating jobs... lawyers.  owsrtsomething clogged marchers exchange. nypd presence  lots cameras out. confirm arrests..  owsrtprotesters charges dropped ll clog courts...   fightbackrtsomething clogged marchers exchange. nypd presence  lots cameras out. confirm arrests..  owsrtprotesters charges dropped ll clog courts...rtows protesters  lawyers demand nyc drop charges ll clog courts.  chutzpahdismiss charges clog courts  lawyers occupy wall street protesters   owsrtprotesters charges dropped ll clog courts...let em. hope picked jury. rtprotesters charges dropped ll clog courts...rtprotesters charges dropped ll clog courts...rtsomething clogged marchers exchange. nypd presence  lots cameras out. confirm arrests..  owsprotesters charges dropped ll clog courts...rtsomething clogged marchers exchange. nypd presence  lots cameras out. confirm arrests..  owsrtsomething clogged marchers exchange. nypd presence  lots cameras out. confirm arrests..  owsrtprotesters charges dropped ll clog courts...rtprotesters charges dropped ll clog courts...  | why? re creating jobs... lawyers.  owsrtprotesters charges dropped ll clog courts...rtsomething clogged marchers exchange. nypd presence  lots cameras out. confirm arrests..  ows
““6k marching washington sq  headed times sq. meet   ows  15oct  usdor””rt“the party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdor”rt“the party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdor”rt“the party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdor”rt“the party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdor”rt“the party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdor”“giant march 6th ave  times sq completely penned  ows  15oct  usdor”rt“screams nyc "no barricades  barricades " watch live   ows  usdor”rt“18th century ideas. 19th century institutions. 21 century problems. totalitarian future.  usdor”rt“stay violent    occupywallstreet  occupydc  usdor”rtows  occupywallstreet  cops whiteshirts ready 4 mass arrest situation defused   usdor”rtlove this. localized. “generalassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdor”rt“the party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdor”rt“the party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdor”“help    ows  usdor” riot there“if yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdor”rt“the party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdor”rt“rton tohome sweet home   ows  occupy  usdor”“rtthe party arrived times sq  5k  15oct  ows  usdor”““ways call city tell evict   ows  usdor””mt100+ police + horses attack  occupysydney protest tearing tents... arrests.  ows  usdor”  sfaw
to super rich 2000 w/ > half world wealth (incl 400 us) sacred re theft  billions suffer   occupywallstreetit    "when fascism comes america  wrapped flag carrying cross."   sinclair lewis  occupywallstreetows inclusive itd awesome forto decent 3rd party pres candidatertpicking paycks? mtrtnoticable    nypd plainclothes/taru entering/exiting id liberty plaza  owsrtapparently real;  reform including  justice.  sadface  ows  occupywallst  99percentrtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..watching real time bill maher. love alan grayson said. shut panel  occupywallst including bill.rtvideo yesterday plainclothes nypd refusing identify themselves  refusing re nypd...   owsthoroughly enjoyed sunday slook occupy wall street protestors  including rob si… (cont)usa occupy des moines dozens arrested iowa  including 14freed monkey eaten tiger eccentric ohio killed setting dozens wild animals   includi...freed monkey eaten tiger eccentric ohio killed setting dozens wild animals   includi...mtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. incl british photographer 4 taking pics badge  s..rtfuture newspaper "presidents" tba include ex nypd firefighter  airways pilot "sully" sullenberger  bizarre foods host andrew zimmerman.rtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtmarchers approach wall st. nypd presence  including six nypd horseback. march slows now..  owsrtnoticable nypd plainclothes/taru entering/exiting id liberty plaza building viaowsrtrt“learned unions bringing support @ 4 a.m.  including @ 100 arrested  occupywallstrtopp called strikes type jobs  including educations   kids outside schools  r/a demoswe believe 100% free speech.  free speech includes privacy online conversations.
rti tried heartless world terrible world cares  rothboysfinally  getting crux  occupywallstreet. cute shirtless dudes  occupywallstreetzzzzzz rtu wanna person nyscanner?wow .. nypd .. nerve tell cold heartless individual  _______  .. welll *shrugs*watch betty white cavorts shirtless hunks  raps british singer luciana  hot  music videortfinally  getting crux  occupywallstreet. cute shirtless dudes  occupywallstreetrt15% prehistoric deaths homicide.  scary thought.  species heartless?rt15% prehistoric deaths homicide.  scary thought.  species heartless?block heartless fuck telling "stop begging" obviously children & $.  rothboysi tried heartless world terrible world cares  rothboysman wife stolen cremated remains neighbor punched thief ... heartless robber stole c...rti tried heartless world terrible world cares  rothboysrockland cops searching shirtless arsonist  torching $40 000 boat sloatsburg  n.y. (cbsnewyork) — odd c...heartless thief steals $1 500 worth donations set aside critically ill woman patchogue  n.y. (cbsnewyork) — heartles...tiny  remote marfa poised rock star magnet days  heartless bastards  powerful austin ..."a boat burned crisp. search shirtless arsonist. 11."  cbsnewyork  wtf
rtows nyc  nypd threatening tear gas 20k+  times square. safe  abandon bros. & sisters  thewholeworldiswatching:on olbermann wall st threatening contributions pols support ows.  means acct. closures & protestors?generalassembly  occupywallstreet announcement boston pd threatening arrest  occupyboston tonightrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.x mas games nba chopping block nba lockout officially threatening league tradition...   nbartsome corporations force employees donate gop threatening jobs (a la rick scott)rtows nyc  nypd threatening tear gas 20k+  times square. safe  abandon bros. & sisters  thewholeworldiswatchingrtrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.are bums threatening mayor now?rtred alert sfpd threatening eviction  occupysfcall 415 553 0123/1551  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythefedrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.occupy wall street protest financial syst  economic syst threatening judicial syst.   youdontrepresentmekrugman  panic plutocrats.  "the extremists threatening american values are…called “economic royalists ”rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtred alert sfpd threatening eviction  occupysfcall 415 553 0123/1551  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythefed(stazi) threatening peaceful protesters. "leave won hurt." barely tacit physical menace.  owsx mas games nba chopping block nba lockout officially threatening league traditional chris...
panic plutocratspaul krugman  occupywallstreet panic plutocrats   owsrtgreat ny times article  "panic plutocrats"panic plutocrats  worried rich "not john galt." james taggert wesley mouch.rtgreat ny times article  "panic plutocrats"headlines   occupywallstreet  institutions  plutocrats  kallelasn  fastcompany  diversity  matttaibbi  debt  veteranspanic plutocrats   ows  occupychicago  occupyhouston  occupyboston  occupyrenopanic plutocratsthe panic panic plutocratsreading panic plutocratskrugman  panic plutocrats.  "the extremists threatening american values are…called “economic royalists ”rtrttoday krugman "panic plutocrats"   occupywallstreetrtpaul krugman  occupywallstreet panic plutocrats   owsrt daily kos  ows  occupywallstreet  "preparing panicked plutocrats occupy wall street camps"rt daily kos  ows  occupywallstreet  "preparing panicked plutocrats occupy wall street camps"rt dailykos  ows  occupywallstreet  "preparing panicked plutocrats occupy wall street camps"rt daily kos  ows  occupywallstreet "preparing panicked plutocrats occupy wall street camps"rtpanic plutocratsrtpanic plutocratsrtoccupywallstreet central banking run plutocrats? libya that.. military bombed. stop war  libyanytimes panic plutocrats  | excellent article favor of
rtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  ows““less 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll (cont)rtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  ows
rt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreet
rtaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   ows  99percent  usdor  occupydc  endthefedrtows  occupywallst officially hijacked marxists  deadbeats & unions. sad tarp  bailouts &  occupythefed  opesrrtaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   ows  99percent  usdor  occupydc  endthefedrtimf $25b bailouts europe   tellto neinrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtrtlatest radio free wall street podcast   euro bailouts  crazy market   occupywallstreetquestion erin burnett?  claim  taxpayers money bailouts  name payment.challenge erin burnett?  claim  taxpayers money bailouts  name payment.rtrtmsm calls war poverty &  occupywallstreet socialist. call giving banks $700b bailout?  owsbartnews occupywallst angry insolvent banks declaring record profits bailout   ows  occupyeverythingingrates don rtpotus makes 9th visit mich fri. swing  bailout bail out?the puzzles  occupywallst protests didn occur bailout granted?rtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsdare suggest term?  bailoutgarchsoccupywallstreet  bailout achieved simply public.rtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsyes  supported bailouts.  (btw  nutsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtoccupywallstreet  re angry bailouts maybe isn consistent do.  justsayin   ows  p2  mutantsconsider  ows  occupywallst officially hijacked marxists  deadbeats & unions. sad tarp  bailouts &  endthefed  opesrows  occupywallst officially hijacked marxists  deadbeats & unions. sad tarp  bailouts &  occupythefed  opesr
rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rtwindy liberty. cold. medical remove tent. arrest.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtwindy liberty. cold. medical remove tent. arrest.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtwindy liberty. cold. medical remove tent. arrest.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rtwindy liberty. cold. medical remove tent. arrest.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rtwindy liberty. cold. medical remove tent. arrest.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.winding corner williams  liberty.  ows
rtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotaspens  crosby cleared  contact  practice pittsburgh penguins captain sidney crosby told reporters thur...rtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotasima bring guitar  occupywallst practice singing playing w/ support ofand rest fly hipster clan ?rtomg    people.  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet practice. re doing it.“i am determined practice deep listening. am determined practice loving speech.” thich nhat hanh  occupywallst  occupywithkindnessrtnypd admits planting drugs practice widespread.   cheatsheetrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotas"we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas" nypd cop common practiceffdagenshockey john tortorella monday practice transcript vancouver countdown hbo 24/7...   islesdagenshockey john tortorella monday practice transcript vancouver countdown hbo 24/7...   islesvianypd practice contracting officers security financial firms & nyse   occupywallstreetrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotasa former nypd narcotics detective snared corruption scandal testified common practice to...rtun report  torture practiced systematically  afghan detention facilitiesa former nypd narcotics detective testified common practice fabricate drug charges innocent peoplertnypd  "the practice arbitrary imprisonments  ages  favorite formidable instruments tyranny."   hamiltonrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotasrthealth care unfair health insurance practices continue major theme  occupywallstreet. check the...rtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl
rtseeing  occupywallst own eyes restored faith democracy. people movement corporate sponsored.   ows  fbrtdistressed homeowners join anti corporate movement    occupywallstreet  occupythefedrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrt"monsanto 5 dubious contributions planet   usdor  anoncorpwatch   anonymous  ows"rtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtlets occupy news corp.geraldo rivera fox booed stage protesters.   ows   ourwallstreetexactly   people responsible congress unbeholden corporationsrtoccupywallstreet voice people  stand silent democracy sold congress 2 corps  usdorrt“fascism appropriately called corporatism merger corporate power”   mussolini  ows  occupywallst"i refuse believe corporations people  tx executes one."  opcensorthis  via  opesr.dr?id  ourwallstreetare corporations occupying  occupywallstreet?attention allprotesters. idiot obama hates corporations to. votefor  gop nominationrtwatching  globalrevolution live  occupywallstreet footage   solidarity  99percent  twothingsthatdontmix corp govtcharts  occupywallstreet  protesters angry about...   occupyboston  occupyseattle  occupychicago  anticorp  usdorfederal deficit lower projected 2010 11   occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011  occupy  fed  anticorp7 reasons  bank  stocks falling   antibank  anticorp  usdorrtwill overturn corporate personhood?    usdorrtwill overturn corporate personhood?    usdorrteither representatives  f*cking terrorists? abolish corporate personhood?rtrtmyths job overnight success   yourself  corporate america ..   blindspots
rtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtfreelancers york increasingly difficult situations collect paychecks timertat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   ows
dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...mtaccording multiple sources   ows protesters times square arrest don immediately leave.dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...rtjets wide receivers chirping according  nydailynews. easy sanchez dealing lunatics.dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...the world according  monsanto     usdor  anoncorpwatch  occupywallstreet  anonymous  owsrtows rtmastercard  visa accused  price fixing  atm fees  according lawsuitdwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...according topersonality test  tech guru. whut?   quizdwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...according tweets fromit naomi wolf.the scene zuccotti electric.  according tounion support arrived  watch live    owsaccording "dancing stars" contestant ricki lake  participating tv wonders h...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...
rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsows besides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiersesimated amount  brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans ect?  organizingrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet
rtwe re 250k signaturesrtrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signatures“we re 250k signatures  signedrtwe re 250k signatureswe re 250k signatures"we re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signatures
rtoccupy des moines 32 arrested statehouse   occupyla stands solidarity wusa occupy des moines dozens arrested iowa  including 14rtrtoccupynola  ows  occupywallst  occupyparis  occupyiowa  occupylou  occupymissoula  solidarity < lovein iowa  religious force divided   york timesrtoccupy des moines 32 arrested statehouse   occupyla stands solidarity wpls help & support  ffthank urtoccupy des moines 32 arrested statehouse   occupyla stands solidarity wrtiowa caucuses unpredictable romney perry mitt romney rick perry cand...  nytiowa caucuses unpredictable romney perryin iowa  religious force divided   york timesthoughts re  occupyiowa? mtoccupywallst takeaway sheer amt media pro media irrelevant?rtoccupy des moines 32 arrested statehouse   occupyla stands solidarity wsounds "candidate huckabee" unite iowa.  solution   >iacaucus  iagop pls rtrtyes  minor arrested...rtoccupy des moines 32 arrested statehouse   occupyla stands solidarity wrtdmers arrested ages & bckgrnds rtvid iowa   occupydsm  occupyiowaiowa police arrest 30 protests  pepper spray   yahoo  news  viaows  occupywallstreetbachmann tries reconnect iowabachmann tries reconnect iowartrtmost "occupy iowa" protesters demand jury trial  attorney   occupywallstreet  usdor  owsrtphotos powerful images  occupydsm arrests night    occupyiowa  occupywallst  please
rtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsrtwanna don belong  occupywallstreet? re wearing gold fronts. class.rtthe truck front alignment messed nypd tow. press plates. press wanna help out?rtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtthe truck front alignment messed nypd tow. press plates. press wanna help out?i wanna  occupywallstreet protesting  awesome experience.rtthe truck front alignment messed nypd tow. press plates. press wanna help out?rtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owswanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  ows 646 512 4269 vikram pandits cellphone lulz call himrtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsi idea. abt encouraging wanna donate food buy food frm local businesses protest area.rtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsrtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsrtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsdmx wanna grab gun start letting nypdrtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsand don forget tally tea party protesters arrested. wanna know.  occupyanniversary  owsrtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  ows
just plain hilarious.  obama  kardashianspresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady michelle obamafinally  intelligent kardashians trashy whoresrtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady mi..rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyi agree  rtobama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  michelle  lolrtsmart rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyas rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyclass warfare  “president obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady3 top 10 trends twitter involve kardashians.  soooo bad   occupywallstreetrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladystole yousa tweet rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady ...stole yousa tweet rtfinally  intelligent kardashians trashy whoresrtpres. obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians lady  || uh oh. champagne summitrtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladylol “president obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrti co sign disapproval rtpres. obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians ladynothing wrong  rtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ...rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady
rtwho owns nypd? rhetorical question   topprog  p2  tcot  tlotwho owns nypd? rhetorical question   owswho owns  nypd? rhetorical question | crooks liars   occupywallstreet  owswho owns nypd? rhetorical questionjpmorgan ? rtwho owns  nypd? rhetorical question   owswho owns nypd? rhetorical question   topprog  p2  tcot  tlotrtwho owns nypd? rhetorical question.rtwho owns nypd? rhetorical question.rtwho owns nypd? rhetorical question.well  owns nypd? rhetorical question   ows  occupyaustinwho owns nypd? rhetorical questionrtwho owns nypd? rhetorical question   ows  occupytogether  occupysfwho owns nypd? rhetorical question | crooks liarswho owns  nypd? rhetorical question   ows  occupywallstreet  usdorw.t.a.f?  rtwho owns nypd? rhetorical question   viartrtrtwho owns nypd? rhetorical question   owsrtwho owns  nypd? rhetorical question     corruption  policestate  ows  p2who owns nypd? rhetorical questionwho owns nypd? rhetorical question  wow. read   ows  occupywallstreetrtwho owns nypd? rhetorical question   usdor viaows owns nypd? rhetorical question  rt
rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.learn. donate. occupy.   generalassembly  needsoftheoccupiers  multitudertwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtrtrtat  ows  national lawyers guild filed letter brookfield invoking 1st amendment occupy.rtrtrtat  ows  national lawyers guild filed letter brookfield invoking 1st amendment occupy.the nypd earned 1.9 million overtime.  thanks  re difference agenda  occupy.rtrtrtat  ows  national lawyers guild filed letter brookfield invoking 1st amendment occupy.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtrtrtat  ows  national lawyers guild filed letter brookfield invoking 1st amendment occupy.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny..&interviewed byand followed occupy.  (video)rtrtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. ...rtwealthiest 1% denial 99% reality.  ows  usdor  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  occupypdx  occupy...rton twitter 99%    occupytwitter    globalrevolution  usdor    ows    occupywallstreet  occupydc  occupy...rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.how lame attack occupy wall st. poverty conservative ideology | occupy..
rtlets occupy news corp.geraldo rivera fox booed stage protesters.   ows   ourwallstreetrtmurdochs’ infighting clouds future news corp.rtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   ows1 corp. campaign finance via  getmoneyout 2 lobbying 3 end/reform fed 4 1% tax wall st. trans  owscorp. campaign contributors money win careless party wins  ows  gotv  occupywallst  changethevotertmurdochs’ infighting clouds future news corp.rtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtcops won time square. parkingtil mon morning. occupy news corp.rtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtcops won time square. parkingtil mon morning. occupy news corp.occupywallstreet joke. goons outta here. wanna scene cause trouble. protest corp. greed yet...rtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsexcitingads  news corp. hits bump investors prepare meet controversy this…rtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsty   render365 allie   corp.$$$ powerful  occupywallst &  ows self actions. ty  occupiersrtlets occupy news corp.geraldo rivera fox booed stage protesters.   ows   ourwallstreet
rtaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   ows  99percent  usdor  occupydc  endthefedrttop heavy  0.5% own nearly 40% world wealth => $231 trillion $$$...   p21  tcot  occupywallstreetrtaudit federal reserve reveals $16 trillion secret bailouts   ows  99percent  usdor  occupydc  endthefedbofa &  fed $75 trillion derivatives trade europe leaving taxpayers hook euro banks fails  ows  october2011  usdorbreaking outstanding student loan debt hit $1 trillion  ccstudentloandebtrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtows fun 5 banks account 96% $250 trillion outstanding usa derivative exposures cc  occupywallst  a99  endthefedrtb quietly transfers trillions onto taxpayer. breaking.   occupywallstreet  occupyla  occupychi  occupyohiortwhyweprotest "fed secretly loaned $1.2 trillion public money wall st. firms"  viaoccupywallstreetows fun 5 banks account 96% $250 trillion outstanding usa derivative exposures cc  occupywallst  a99  endthefedrtows fun 5 banks account 96% $250 trillion outstanding usa derivative exposures cc  occupywallst  a99  endthefedrtwe re quick spend trillion ($1000000000) dollars war wont consider war poverty america.  occupywallstreetfive banks account 96% $250 trillion outstanding  derivative exposure  opesr  usdor  a99  endthefedrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   ows9 trillion missing fed reserve audit   endthefed  ows  occupywallstreetrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsunpaid student loans top $1 trillion | common dreams  viaows  occupywallstnyc  studentsrtrtnew york fed student loan debt $1 trillion   classwar  ows  usdorunpaid student loans top $1 trillion | common dreams  viaows  occupywallstnycrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   ows
what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthis clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  obama2012what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthese rebuttals  wingnut trolls. study    viaoccupywallstreet  ows  weare99what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetreich 28% 7 question  econ quiz  w/curve & partial credit   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  failwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip ofexposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetdie york times wirft einen aufschlussreichen blick auf den staatssektor griechenlandwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.nypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming sleeping bags etc park  translation de facto permanent clearing  owsrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming sleeping bags bags allowed back.this wont stop  ows  occupy housethanks confirming. appreciated.rtrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming sleeping bags bags allowed back.this wont stop  ows  occupy house
rtno  veteran executive banker   occupywallst fringe movement.  glad citi ceo that.rtows planning guerrilla art action executive office chairs asap   (plz message bring )  needsoftheoccupiersrtus navy controls oceans militarized space. owns executive power?   usdorrtl/r america  divide & conquer marketing campaign history. owns legislative power?  executive  judicial power?  usdorrtows planning guerrilla art action executive office chairs asap   (plz message bring )  needsoftheoccupiersrtows planning guerrilla art action executive office chairs asap   (plz message bring )  needsoftheoccupiersrtows planning guerrilla art action executive office chairs asap   (plz message bring )  needsoftheoccupierstwo wal mart china executives resign posts (nyt)rtlast night  boston pd arrested executive director national lawyers guild.  occupyboston  owswall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtus navy controls oceans militarized space. owns executive power?   usdor"sec takes action former united commercial bank executives" (  )  banksters  oligarchie  criminals  usdorrtl/r america  divide & conquer marketing campaign history. owns legislative power?  executive  judicial power?  usdorrtows planning guerrilla art action executive office chairs asap   (plz message bring )  needsoftheoccupiersrtcain rising poll former pizza executive besting obama head head match up.rtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtows planning guerrilla art action executive office chairs asap   (plz message bring )  needsoftheoccupiersbloomberg live mistress executive company owns zucotti park.rtus navy controls oceans militarized space. owns executive power?   usdorrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   ows
rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuel
rt"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor  99percentows reading "democracy lie " byon  a99  usdor  99percentrt"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor  99percent"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor  99percent"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor  99percentwow... article  +100000 "democracy’s collateral damage"   copts  egypt  arabspring  europert"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor  99percentrt"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor  99percentrt"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor  99percent"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor"democracy lie " byon  ows  usdor

rt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreet
rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rt“police threw punches.we threw peace signs.they rammed.we drummed.they fought.we won.  ows   ourwallstreetrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99police threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99
rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrt"mic check  continue cleaning "  occupywallstreetrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrt"mic check "  leftist revolutionary anarcho communist comrades ?   occupywallstreet ready america   owsrtlove time protest  occupymylife?  using "mic check" hand  occupywallstreetrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrt"mic check  continue cleaning "  occupywallstreet"mic check  continue cleaning "  occupywallstreetrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtrt"mic check  continue cleaning "  occupywallstreetrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsadded video "michelle sings anthem 2011 fdny vs. nypd hockey game..."   videoadded  video "michelle sings  nationalanthem 2011  fdny vs.  nypd hockey game..."   musicadded  video "michelle sings  nationalanthem 2011  fdny vs.  nypd hockey game..."   music
rteven  ows livestreams added today. watch  occupywallstreet events unfold eyes>>> streams <<<watching occupywallstnyc  viaoccupywallstreet  15o  usador  owsrtupdated  10  ows livestreams. watch  occupy events world live.   occupywallstreetnothing happening  occupy livestreams.  tune in.  ows  occupysf  occupywallstreetrtcurrent nyc  ows streamsrtthe streams crossed zizek visits  occupywallstreetrtoccupystream.com   collection  occupy live streams.  occupywallst  ows  occupyvancouver  occupyla  occupyportland  protest  15mcops trying pull medical tent liberty park ( 2 streams)    owsrtcurrent nyc  ows streamsrtcurrent nyc  ows streamsrtcurrent nyc  ows streamsoccupytimessquare  hearingvialivestreamsmartwhiteshirt  nypd  joeespositochiefofpatrol tyoccupytimessquare  hearingvialivestreamsmartwhiteshirt  nypd  joeespositochiefofpatrol tyoccupytimessquare  hearingvialivestreamsmartwhiteshirt  nypd  joeespositochiefofpatrol tyoccupytimessquare  hearingvialivestreamsmartwhiteshirt  nypdjoeespositochiefofpatrol tyrtcheck   watch live streams   ows  occupytogether  oct15  viartworking hard getting laptop streams  occupywallstnyc . re able help  mine broken piecesrtcurrent nyc  ows streamsrtcurrent nyc  ows streamsam sending tweets via hootsuite streams sensible reading td  wlfrtplease tweet live streams worth watching   putting blog easier follow.  occupylsx
ein mittagspausenhinweis auf  occupywallstreet aus sicht eines yorkers.rthm.  occupywallstreet crowd plans march wealthiest yorkers  homes tomorrowrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsfamous yorkers dish favorite spots city  ones ...new yorkers rise cause atin am home nowouch  half nyers bloomberg  lost focus  ore half yorkers believe mayor bloombe...rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   ows“i heart nyers heart ny   rtfamous yorkers dish favorite spots cityrtfamous yorkers dish favorite spots city  ones ...rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsfamous yorkers dish favorite spots city  ones ... jane ridley writer jeryl...rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrt72% yorkers trouble understanding  ows "incoherent" message   occupyanniversaryrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtoccupywallstreet mr. auctioneer  yorkers call moratorium foreclosures. organizi.. ~owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsfamous yorkers dish favorite spots city  ones ... jane ridley writer jeryl...rtmt72% yorkers trouble understanding  occupywallstreet "incoherent" msg

rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.check video    homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viartwatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupyrtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.hmm...mr limbaugh type useless contributing parasite referring to?   occupywallstreetrtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtanon  occupywallstreet  occupymiami yorks finest  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viartcheck video    homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viano donuts helprtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtwatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupyrtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.check video    homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  vianew york finest inactionrtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.anon  occupywallstreet  occupymiami yorks finest  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viais brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtanon  occupywallstreet  occupymiami yorks finest  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viartis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.
rtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park. h...rtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park....rtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit ...rtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park...oct6 scrubs  freedomplazartif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdor
rtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtsen sanders speech dec. 2010     ows  occupyusa  occupytogether  the99%  99percent  globalchange  occupywallst  usdorfederal deficit lower projected 2010 11   occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011  occupy  fed  anticorprtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsintérêt médias prand co. ami et collègue haïtien signale que  occupyportauprince se déroule depuis 12 janvier 2010  haitirtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  owsrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtmaybe  teaparty start rallywhere  occupywallst kids from...tell professors teach true historyrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtrtbetween 1989 & 2010 goldman sachs $36m   60% democrats 39% republicans  usdor   contributions
rt200k votes  occupywallstreet billboards times square. vote &   ows  occupywallsthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards up.  rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards up.  rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards up.  rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards up.  rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards up.  rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rt
violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...news violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke lat...   nytimes[nyt middle east] violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third dayrtviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third dayviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...nyt news   violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke ou...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke o...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...world briefing | middle east violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day   news |  healtheworldviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third daynyt releases belated defense  alawlaki killing  ignores  yemen’s revolution rest u.s. mainstream media.rtrtviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third dayviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke o...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...[nyt middle east] violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third daynytimes violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day
child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... strength training ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...rtfitness guru c.j.senter encourages  kids country stay shape..child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...child workout guru c.j. senter encourages classmates  kids ...child workout guru c.j. senter encourages classmates  kids ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...exercise  weight child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids countr...  hr fitness updateearly  ffchild workout guru c.j. senter encourages classmates  kids ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...
occupydenver  protesters debate move 11 p.m. deadline approaches   ows  stopthemach2011  occupydc  usdornew  100  campaign  harlem hi tech approach curbing  hiv/aids   nycrtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtmarchers approach wall st. nypd presence  including six nypd horseback. march slows now..  owsmtattention  ows protests finally beginning approach teaparty   occupywallstreet thanks  nypdcbia pete gioia tellsbusinesses bipartisan approach special session plus real signs lawmakers serious jobswe jobs crisis america    practical approaches ve seen addressing it....ows livestreamtimes square 46th st. protesters surrounded. police won livestream approach lots camerascbs2 newsfast approaching.. join dana tyler top hour.  onlyoncbsrtas winter approaches test  occupations experts urban winter survival tips/training?  needsoftheoccupiers share linkswhy isn red cross  profile approach bring disaster suppliesrtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtnew  100  campaign harlem hi tech approach curbing hiv/aidsrtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtmarchers approach wall st. nypd presence  including six nypd horseback. march slows now..  owsrtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..“video captures manhattan mcdonald cashier beating women metal rod   2012 fast approachingwhat future  ocean? report concludes oceans approaching irreversible.  wosthis source approach participatory democracy.  add ideas  vote others.  occupysf  ows  occupylsxrtif re reading ohio  tiger grizzly approaching

rtrtsusan sarandon blasted calling pope benedict xiv  nazi    twice   tcot  tlotspread lie. forget tea party. jr nazi destruction usa short shiti cant wrote obamaeatsfecalmatter.com any1 fear jr nazi pos fuck & diesounds else nazi called terrorist.america hates jr nazi pos die soon pleasertows beautifully  diverse. american nazi party  anp14  cpusa  communist party support  occupywallst  occupythisfunny conservatives called nazis nazis ones supporting liberals  ows  occupywallst  thingsthatmakeyougohummmrtdear nancy pelosi    nazi party joined  occupywallstreet.  swastikaaaz. glad  ows   tcot  p2rtthere funded campaign discredit  ows anti american  anti semetic  pro nazi & pro dissolution us. fight    usdor.rt? report kochs  nazi past  oil  &  foundation of the right sources   ows  occupywallstreetso nazi ss officers. rt:... convos ve  nypd blues  feel trapped :\  owsrtwhy american nazi party supports  ows      occupywallst  occupyseattle  occupywallstreet  occupyboston  occupydenverrtamerican nazi party continues push streets  occupiersrtfunny conservatives called nazis nazis ones supporting liberals  ows  occupywallst  thingsthatmakeyougohummmrtwhy american nazi party supports  ows      occupywallst  occupyseattle  occupywallstreet  occupyboston  occupydenverrtwhy american nazi party supports  ows      occupywallst  occupyseattle  occupywallstreet  occupyboston  occupydenveras american nazi party voices support w/  ows anti defamation league silent antisemitism   mapoli  tcot  adlrtamerican nazi party joins  occupywallstreetit shouldn surprise piers morgan(d cnn) & sean penn(d chavez) smear tea party nazi party joins  ows  occupywallstreetrtpic  nazi endorsement  occupywallstreet  owsowes  occupyla  occupywallstreet communist party nazis endorsed movement.  wow  guys pick odd friends.rtdear nancy pelosi    nazi party joined  occupywallstreet.  swastikaaaz. glad  ows   tcot
store clerk fla. shoots  kills robber  lol  takewallstreet  protesterindustrial  speculative capitalism deeply violent  kills people  species & ecosystems. fascism rises people lose values  occupywallstreetwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hers  <~wack jobrtfema camp activated plz thisoutrtbigpharma kills drug deaths outnumber traffic fatalities united  takewallstreetrtquestion  ows  occupywallst capitalism  $ redistribute?  needsoftheoccupiers critical thinking skillssocial  twitter  marketing  occupywallstreet  catskills  albany  cars  ford  lincoln  subaru  curecf  cff         > followrthow  monsanto kills news     usdor  anoncorpwatch  occupywallstreet  anonymous  owsrtwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hersrtsick evil world live “woman kills pregnant mom forcibly removes  unborn baby pretends hersunspeakable rtwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hersomg    crazy rtwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hersrtwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hersrtquestion  ows  occupywallst capitalism  $ redistribute?  needsoftheoccupiers critical thinking skillsindustrial  speculative capitalism deeply violent  kills people  species & ecosystems. fascism rises people lose values  occupywallstreetny lawyer kills wife  kids shooting himself.  | shot first.the king solomon story gone sad “o_o whaaaat?  rtwoman kills pregnant (cont)old tensions remain life   people social skills today.smile & "where lovely children?"rtny lawyer kills wife  kids shooting himself.  | shot first.video sfpd ruthlessly shoots kills unarmed 19yr $2 bus fair. wrong      ows  99percentvideo sfpd ruthlessly shoots & kills unarmed 19yr $2 bus fare. wrong      killedbycop  ows  99percent
rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtthis ugly. letter frm  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtcleaning park excuse remove demonstrators. rights protected.rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtlooks owners zuccotti park nypd "clear park"    cleaning. go.  owsleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"ows protests  zuccotipark  libertyplaza nervous cleaning plan pretense eviction  bans suppliesrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   email owsoutreachfor details    ows  occupywallstnycrtrtnypd tells ows leave tomorrow morning "cleaning." ...rt"mic check  continue cleaning "  occupywallstreetrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtliberty plaza cleaning day thursday   bring trashbags cleaning supplies park sparkle    ows  occupywallstnycrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetnypd re clearing park 6am cleaning.  protesters leaving...it showtime...jartplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   email owsoutreachfor details    ows  occupywallstnycleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"   ows  anonymous  lies
allan jefferys  drama critic wabc tv  dies 88 daniel e. slotnik allan jefferys  drama critic ...nypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama nearly 20 ago  steven b...nypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama nearly 20 ago  steven bochco david milc...nbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtsteven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbc  | ooooh  newswait... what?  rtdavid ortiz signing yankees; slugger tired red sox ‘drama’oklahoma 38  texas 26 oklahoma makes texas extra seasonâ??s dramaqualitytv.   steven bochco & david milch reunite nbc legal drama.thank you. know? witness?ragged kingdom  june tabor delivers dramatic  dark flair   york daily newsrtbreaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...thursday 10 mtsteven bochco & david milch reunite develop legal drama nbc“breaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrtexistential mystery? melodramatic thriller? medical horror film? review almodovar’s “skin live in”rtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...newtown creek cleanup 18 22   dramatically cleaner   viartdavid ortiz signing yankees; slugger tired red sox ‘drama’david ortiz signing yankees; slugger tired red sox ‘drama’  jajajajajajartthis amazing   "forced" exercise dramatically improves parkinsons  symptomsrtnypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama
nypd costs rise wall street protests continue cost constant police surveillance growing wall s...nypd costs rise wall strt protests continue   job    occupywallstreet  occupyboston  occupyseattlerta picture president obama costs $7 500.  glad middle class likes guy much.  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet hitting hurts    fiat   nypd costs rise wall st protests continueoccupywallstreet hitting hurts    fiat   nypd costs rise wall st protests continueoccupywallstreet hitting hurts    fiat   nypd costs rise wall st protests continueoccupywallstreet hitting hurts    fiat   nypd costs rise wall st protests continuenypd costs rise wall street protests continue   abc newsnew york – nypd costs rise wall street protests continue  viaiz neiasoccupywallstreet trying  tools reelected & gain govt control. costs freedom  gp  ows  tcot  tlotcosts rise wall street protests continue  ows  nyc  nypd  civilrightsrtinteresting piece groupon  esp marketing costs.nypd costs rise wall street protests continue   abc newsnypd costs rise wall street protests continue   abc newsrta picture president obama costs $7 500.  glad middle class likes guy much.  occupywallstreetcops  police  news nypd costs rise wall street protests continue york city police officers walk alo...fascinating psych study reveals obvious costs envy exhausts spirit.nypd costs rise wall street protests continuenypd costs rise wall street protests continuedtn stock market nypd costs rise wall street protests continue \n    (ap)\n ap   protest wall st...news nypd costs rise wall street protests continue \n    (ap)\n

rtturn heat  list congressional reps. rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorrtturn heat  list congressional reps. rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorrtrtthis list congressional reps. call rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorrtturn heat  list congressional reps  rep & they..support 99%..  ows  usdor  tcotrtthis list congressional reps. call rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorrtthis list congressional reps. call rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorrtturn  heat  list congressional reps. rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorrtthis list congressional reps. call rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorrtturn heat  list congressional reps  rep & they..support 99%..  ows  usdor  tcotif sign democratic congressional campaign committee petition  aware  advise ??rtturn heat  list congressional reps  rep & they..support 99%..  ows  usdor  tcotrtturn heat  list congressional reps. rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorrtturn heat  list congressional reps. rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorrtftisland   birds  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senate reverse citizens unitedrtrtthis list congressional reps. call rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorrtthis list congressional reps. call rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorrtturn heat  list congressional reps. rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorto cut spending lower congressional retirement minimum wage.  occupywallstnyc  occupyla  occupysd  occupysfrtthis list congressional reps. call rep & they..support 99%...  ows  usdorrtturn heat  list congressional reps  rep & they..support 99%..  ows  usdor  tcotrtturn heat  list congressional reps  rep & they..support 99%..  ows  usdor  tcot
rttop tweepsthnks 4 realrtwow looks james keefe  lying scumbag extrodinaire  violation probation. leaving nj  occupywallstrtconnecttheleft  occupywallstreet  usdor james  keefe reportedly creeping occupy wall streetrt....please circulate pic ofat  ows protest.   /rtinfiltratoralert  rt...amongst  ows crowd.  notifyor asaprtjames o’keefe goes undercover nyc occupy wall street rally | truth bills  viaoccupywallstrtinfiltratoralert  rt...amongst  ows crowd.  notifyor asaphi  reproter   ows? pics keefe there?rtjames keefe (guy restraining framed acorn) spottedvideo   owsrtnypd mace.will screw  occupiers /w fraudulent videos. mock + deride  peoplert&please careful  james keefe alleged  solely responsible demise acorndear  nypd james keefe  conservative activist hit spotted @  occupywallst  libertyplaza violation court probationjames keefe absolute coward. game  skippy?  occupywallstreetif keefe call/tweetrtnypd mace.will screw  occupiers /w fraudulent videos. mock + deride  peoplejames keefe occupy wall street nyc. spotted little ago.video james keefe skulking ows  pathetic  sad little man.now james keefe doing occupy wall streetplz rtspotted james keefe infamous acorn videos  occupywallstreet trying stir  owsows  occupywallstreet “banker” james o’keefe  (video)  via“nypd mace.will screw  occupiers /w fraudulent videos. mock + deride  people ”  ows
rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rt“police threw punches.we threw peace signs.they rammed.we drummed.they fought.we won.  ows   ourwallstreetrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99police threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99persuasive  occupywallstreet signs.rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe993 girls rickshaw zip  mcphersonpark signs. 1 reads "they cut  fight "  occupydcrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtthe finest graphs fromandrepresented onsigns.  wonk  ows
rtwow looks james keefe  lying scumbag extrodinaire  violation probation. leaving nj  occupywallstwho ready  globaloccupy 15th?   ows  occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  occupysf  occupydc  occupysd  occupyla  notleavingbofa &  fed $75 trillion derivatives trade europe leaving taxpayers hook euro banks fails  ows  october2011  usdorrt.you re leaving horseshit street.  clean democracy. campaign finance info   usdoroccupywallstreet march leaving wall st.   generalassembly continue committee reports.nypd re clearing park 6am cleaning.  protesters leaving...it showtime...jajust leaving washington square  free chant day  occupywallstrtbogota  colombia exciting capital  leaving dangerous reputation  viarti call bullshit. leaving right? ll help hold fort"if escalator/elevator daily commute  check leaving home.««.you re leaving horseshit street. (cont)let call vegas money leaving iraq.. unless leave iraq africa. obama sent ugandart.you re leaving horseshit street.  clean democracy. campaign finance info   usdorbogota  colombia exciting capital  leaving dangerous reputation ...   york daily news; lockboxes=awesome  blocking police vans/buses blocks park=awesome  leaving  coming back=eh  awesomertwho ready  globaloccupy 15th?   ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupysf  occupydc  occupysd  occupyla  notleavingrtrtbrooklyn 19 19 60 st  u/d; nypd & shomrim leaving location. kidnapping. kids teacher.prison riot breaks mexico leaving 7 dead arrest drug cartel leader allegedly arso...rt.you re leaving horseshit street.  clean democracy. campaign finance info   usdorrt.you re leaving horseshit street.  clean democracy. campaign finance info   usdorrtoccupywallstreet march leaving wall st.   generalassembly continue committee reports.
rt17 shot  3 stabbed  sex fiend terrorizing brooklyn  meanwhile  nypd guarding  owsshit smh rtsmh rtsmh rt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spreenight stabbings  shootings nyc mother murdered teen  stabbed death parents  upper ...rtbronx 2379 creston ave male stabbed doa scene. crime scene established.check video    homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viartwatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupyrtbronx 2379 creston ave male stabbed doa scene. crime scene established.rtsmh rtsmh rt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spreenight stabbings  shootings nyc mother murdered teen  stabbed death parents  upper ...o damn cousins live 2608 rtbronx 2379 creston ave male stabbed doa ...rt17 shot  3 stabbed  sex fiend terrorizing brooklyn  meanwhile  nypd guarding  owsrtbronx 2379 creston ave person stabbed doa nypd *homicide* investigationcopyrt17 shot  3 stabbed  meanwhile  nypd guarding  owsrt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spree... wtf?damn rtbronx 2379 creston ave male stabbed doa scene. crime scene established.smdh rtyea 80s ...rt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spreertanon  occupywallstreet  occupymiami yorks finest  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viartcheck video    homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viano donuts helprtwatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupyyea 80s ...rt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spreertbronx 2379 creston ave male stabbed doa scene. crime scene established.<    bx ppl smh
rtnote retracting earlier  libertyplaza  washingtonsquare crowd estimates. stay tuned. plz rtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg . stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetnote retracting earlier  libertyplaza  washingtonsquare crowd estimates. stay tuned. plz rtrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtis reporting police mobilization around. stay tuned.note retracting earlier  libertyplaza  washingtonsquare crowd estimates. stay tuned. plz rtlunch. ga assembling shortly. stay tuned.  occupykstoccupydc special planned approx. 5pm. stay tuned.  takingittothenextlevel  nonviolencethere  occupyphilly press announcement approx. 1 pm. stay tuned.rtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtnote retracting earlier  libertyplaza  washingtonsquare crowd estimates. stay tuned. plz rtrtnote retracting earlier  libertyplaza  washingtonsquare crowd estimates. stay tuned. plz rt
rtrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owson democracy nowasked  "who nypd protecting?" excellent question. police protecting ppl?rtamen rtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsoccupytogetherrtprotecting trees boston pd trampled? bullshit  trampling democracy. don tread me.  occupyboston  usdorrtprotecting trees boston pd trampled? bullshit  trampling democracy. don tread me.  occupyboston  usdorrt“wish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  ows”it appen protecting lady liberty airport type security screening statue ... ...  think?rtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsthe govt doesnt care healthcare  care protecting interests.rtprotecting trees boston pd trampled? bullshit  trampling democracy. don tread me.  occupyboston  usdorrtrtrtprotecting trees boston pd trampled? trampling democracy. don tread me.  occupybostonrtprotecting trees boston pd trampled? bullshit  trampling democracy. don tread me.  occupyboston  usdorour veteran protectingwhat happened oath badge? happened protecting serving?rtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtwho protecting  nypd? srsly questions>   ows  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  oct15 ~pls rt~  occupydc  usdorthank nypd protecting monitoring muslim studentrtthe entire park protecting tent.  nypdrtprotecting trees boston pd trampled? bullshit  trampling democracy. don tread me.  occupyboston  usdorcops  aren protecting serving  re breaking sworn oaths.  protect serve  occupywallst    people.  wakeup
rtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdori found writings thoreau elementary honest you...  owstry thoreau "civil disobedience " hume "treatise human nature."  occupywallstreetrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtnot thoreau fan  stage life. added copy walden  ows library book bag 4 tmrrw trip.rt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdor"it late prejudices." thoreau   occupywallstreetrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdor
rtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsrtcreate wish list amazon  occupyphilly  needsoftheoccupiers  add link  occupywikipediartplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetwe generator  troydavispark asap  please 60 walton w/ & help   needsoftheoccupiers  occupyatlantartrtwe nyc occupiers occupy tonight journal sqoccupywallst marxist  commies  socialist/globalist loads  usefulidiotsoccupiers’ siren songrtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupytrenton nj evicted  media livestream  pls retweet   ows  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtnyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe fuel/oil generators  water  blankets  pillows  plastic storage containers  bungee cords  needsoftheoccupiers  occupysdrtneedsoftheoccupiers dustpan (kind handle) & sleeping bags  dustpan broke & re super low bags.  occupydenverrtneedsoftheoccupiers sign materials (lots ruined rain)  orange string  warm stuff warm stuff warm stuff.  occupydenverrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydenver medics  especially trained. currently extremely team & re exhaustedrtoccupydenver gentleman cain.  stick isn working.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneedsoftheoccupiers people  occupydenver help occupancy clean pick trash bags.rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtoccupydenver tents  sleeping bags  blankets  socks  food donations.   needsoftheoccupiers.rteven sweets cold... willing bring hot chocolate? pretty please?  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtmedia donation laptops. mac livestreaming. anything. thanks   needsoftheoccupiers

rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersmtask people 2 create hotspots phones "ows1  ows2  etc."feedback tech   occupytech  ajstreamrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersplz rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersgimme break4g wifi hotspots ? fucking americans crack  smh.  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersfrom ows comical. water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtplz rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiers
rtwhat impresses media coverage  occupywallstreet inattentive sleeping factor social media ignition moment.rtneedsoftheoccupiers dustpan (kind handle) & sleeping bags  dustpan broke & re super low bags.  occupydenverrtoccupydenver tents  sleeping bags  blankets  socks  food donations.   needsoftheoccupiers.rtjc clothes  towels  sleeping bags  medical supplies occupiers     needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99rtmy bed night. cardboard boxes sleeping bag. comfy  occupywallst  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers winter coats  gloves  hats  blankets  sleeping bags  tarps  milk magnesia  shoes/boots  art supplies&bins  occupy_dcrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrtows "we prepared sleeping gear food assembly decides occupy park"  washingtonsquare  wearethe99rt “it sounds sleeping bags rain  (cont)rttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdornyt reporter won sleep near real "homeless" people  ows. wonder protesters  too.:) rtit sleepytime. goodnight don banksters bite   ows  usdor  weare99%rttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrtjc clothes  towels  sleeping bags  medical supplies occupiers     needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99rtcrowd moving washington square park. band  food  assembly 10pm. bring sleeping bags tents.  occupywallst spreadingrtlolgoes sleep & wakes thinking about. masturbate sleep thinking andrea :d  edli walked  occupywallst. look sad asleep.rttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorvet nypd officers  sleep night?  [video]                                              ...rt"it legal sleep public sidewalk..." arrested. (viaand)   occupywallstreetrtjc clothes  towels  sleeping bags  medical supplies occupiers     needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99

rtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15othis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15othis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ort w/out add comment /this revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.potus neither mediocre venal. ron paul campaign & nader agree w/ you.weedonrtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15othis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15o tyrtthisisrevolution  notafuckingdemocraticcampaign 2 getavenal mediocremanelectedagain.  ows  usdor  15o tyrt
islamist [rashid al ghanoushi] imagines democratic future  tunisia  viaarabspringthere report cnn  occupywallst.. speakers "people tunisia egypt enough" =(rtrachid al ghannouchi imagines democratic future tunisiarachid al ghannouchi imagines democratic future tunisia democracy islam coexist tunisia  rachid ...rachid al ghannouchi imagines democratic future tunisiathe fast moving  raging fire sparked tunisia spread world. asand. burning corruption.rtoccupydc live stream    happening      occupywallstreet  ows  usdor    egypt  tunisia  libya  syria  yemenone set fire set uprisings tunisia wall street calling dignity 99%rtwake    le combat pour la "démocratie réelle"    occupywallstreet  usdor  presstorm  spainrevolution  tunisiartrachid al ghannouchi imagines democratic future  tunisia   democracy  arabspring  equality  socialjustice  politicsoccupydc live stream    happening      occupywallstreet  ows  usdor    egypt  tunisia  libya  syria  yemenusa pakistan war       globalrevolution  usdor    tunisia  egypt  libya  yemen  bahrain  iran  israel  gazartrashid al ghannouchi imagines democratic future tunisiarachid al ghannouchi imagines democratic future tunisia democracy islam coexist tunisia  rachid ...news rachid al ghannouchi imagines democratic future tunisia democracy islam coexist t...   nytimesbetter  occupywallstreet movement sunday 23rd  ve  tnglorydays. hoping  tunisia & futurertrachid al ghannouchi imagines democratic future tunisiaforget   occupywallstreet eyes   tunisia trigger   arabspring 1st hold free elections    mena   epicrtaustralia  free tunisian voter ever. counting down. history making.rtbetter  occupywallstreet movement sunday 23rd  ve  tnglorydays. hoping  tunisia & futurertbetter  occupywallstreet movement sunday 23rd  ve  tnglorydays. hoping  tunisia & future
wall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   ows
should 8 hours day people  exclude poorer people venues 16 hrs day? fix this.ooh  ouch  morning fdny. today?rtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtgonna lot that. mtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrt1 ask..  dozens mounted horsecops 200 nonviolent protesters marched 10 miles today?rtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrthow losersenjoying rain today? wait 40 degreesrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owswait  film 30 ago 30 days today?  |  film  ows  occupywallstreet  creepyff monday? kommt vor...(2): )shouldn wear white labor day?rtdid see&perform saturday? catch nexton 10/12   free  nycwere watching 1 ago today?  chile’s rescued  miners major strugglesrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrt1 ask..  dozens mounted horsecops 200 nonviolent protesters marched 10 miles today?rtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrthow feel today?  ows  occupykst  occupydc  usdor occupy shitrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtgonna lot that. mtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers
in york (this time) rtrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewsupport  occupywallstreet breaking w/your mega bank (i doing )rt11 mega banks piss   economy  p2  owsrtmegan fox bouts mild schizophrenia?   yahoo  answersows protesters hike mega rich neighborhood upper east nyc. hilarity ensues.   protest  p211 mega banks piss   economy  p2  owsnypd special security arrangement mega banks   ows  freespeech  p2rt11 mega banks piss   economy  p2  owsrthave seen video veteran admonishing nypd police brutality?   thoughts?hair  gone tomorrow? taking omega 3 helps hair healthy shinywhere people mic?  rtoccupysydney ga difficult tonight megaphone  needsoftheoccupiersobsessing megan fox   photo 1rtnypd special security arrangement mega banks   ows  freespeech  p2nypd officers literally wall st.nypd special security arrangement mega banks   owsrtsometimes truth louder megaphone. "there honor hurting unarmed civilians"   ows  occupywallstreetwhat megaphone?  looks bush didn permit either.rtnypd special security arrangement mega banks   ows  freespeech  p2georgia mega mansion sells $33.5 million loss private camping area. bank control ...brave rthave seen video veteran admonishing nypd police brutality?ifshowed  occupywallst megaphone started talking  headed home hour.i don drums allowed megaphones aren t. louder disruptive nearby folks  no?
rtgiant march 6th ave  times sq completely penned  ows  15oct  usdor vrtrtrtgiant march 6th ave  times sq completely penned  ows  15oct  usdor vthe mainstream media politicians completely disconnected  occupywallstreetrtcongress completely bipartisan. united corruption.   usdor cccantor smiling obamas loss jobs  sobering moment. completely oblivious dangerous.   occupywallstrt* privatizing profit socializing loss  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherertbeautiful. “completely blown essay. beautiful heartbreaking. notes dragon momrtrtgiant march 6th ave  times sq completely penned  ows  15oct  usdor vrtcantor smiling obamas loss jobs  sobering moment. completely oblivious dangerous.   occupywallstrtrti scene. occupants water. vessel completely submerged.rtgiant march 6th ave  times sq completely penned  ows  15oct  usdorrtgiant march 6th ave  times sq completely penned  ows  15oct  usdorrtgiant march 6th ave  times sq completely penned  ows  15oct  usdorrtgiant march 6th ave  times sq completely penned  ows  15oct  usdorrtanyone notice koch bros. selling weaponry iran story completely died?  ows   ourwallstreet   p2   p21rtrtgiant march 6th ave  times sq completely penned  ows  15oct  usdor v“giant march 6th ave  times sq completely penned  ows  15oct  usdor”rtcantor smiling obamas loss jobs  sobering moment. completely oblivious dangerous.   occupywallstrt* securities transaction tax compensate speculation induced inflation  occupywallstreetrtrttech tent media station powered solar generators.  occupyphilly goal completely gridrtcongress completely bipartisan. united corruption.   usdor cc
rtread lemony snicket’s 13 observations related  occupywallst. trenchantly favor movementmyfavoritesongsever  occupywallstreetrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owssee tweets checked "favorites" info national socialism     wpww  occupywallst  ows  whitepridertfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsenosone   ows favor shut up. people pissed (cont)famous yorkers dish favorite spots city  ones ...rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   ows“i heart nyers heart ny   rtfamous yorkers dish favorite spots cityrttransparent gov t. reformation modern age. politicians priests selling favors. wage wars empire bastardized ideology.  usdorrtfamous yorkers dish favorite spots city  ones ...i favorited avideo  occupy wall st. 10 15 11 ***nypd failrtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.famous yorkers dish favorite spots city  ones ... jane ridley writer jeryl...rtpiri thomas  author ‘down mean streets ’ dies  (oh  favorite books. rest prose.)go red    “stanford cornell favored n.y. engineering schoolrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   ows
rt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorgen. masoud jazayeri  iran    occupywallstreet american spring topple western capitalist system.rt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdoryou ve beered topple capitalism  thingsmyhusbandsays  occupywallstreetrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor
cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...rtcross border fire frustrates troops afghanistannews cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistancross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...dtn usa cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pa...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...news cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan f...   nytimesnews cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan from...   newscross border fire frustrates troops afghanistannope  complicated this. all. cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistancross border fire frustrates troops afghanistancross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan   soldiers forward operating base tillman responded atta...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanis...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghani...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...
rtrtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??“rttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??” purpose proof.rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtrtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtrtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtconfirmed rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??
fucking twatrtdalefarm rteviction described brutal. police sledge hammer wall legal plot ente… (cont)rti noticed ppl tweeting  dalefarm horrid & played innocent true selves now. ugly.rt.ah  edl  dalefarm?   islamic extremists  are...i ve seen plenty bollocks dalefarm tag. ages cos  occcupylsx twatsso bishop foulmouthing list? claimed  christian walt.   ukuncut  edl  dalefarm.ah  edl  dalefarm?   islamic extremists  racist loons?   uafcurrently vast vats tea  dalefarm court hearing is; wishing sane outcome concerned.rtdalefarm ruling expected court afternoon. proceedings due start now.i torn  appreciate law re planning feel  dalefarm residents. hope humane decent solution found.still trolling?  dalefarm  ukuncut bother? tedious boring troll informed say.  crap.you disabledandrea  police wired computer  rothboys <  edl  dalefarm  ukuncut  wlf.you disabledandrea  police wired computer  rothboys <  edl  dalefarm  ukuncut  wlfedl  dalefarm  ukuncut  wlf   rothboys appeal  malicious  troll police called?  seefor give< pair juveniles   dalefarm  edl  wlf  ukuncut  call united 304 580 0570 top donate.   rothboys>< poor andrea tweetingfor help   poor luv  dalefarm   ukuncut  edl   andreaurbanfool<i begging money. andrea seeking help mind probs  ukuncut  rothboys  edl  dalefarm.yes indeed cops called disabled woman trolled ; bomb threats  edl  dalefarm<so doubt pleased disabled woman ill & medics called.  dalefarm  edl  ukuncut. bomb threats seriously interfering fundraiser  edl  dalefarm  usrtthe word  dalefarm solidarity  butterflies tummies feel elephants now
rtnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"rtnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"rtnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"rtnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’  viahow till goes chat  thomasryan paintball match?   techfailnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’rtnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"rtbecause christian paintballers. mtnypd spies muslims "militant paintball trips"rtnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"  ..  policestatertnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’ | viartnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’ | viartnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"rtnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’ | viartnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’ | viartnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"rtnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’ york police departmen...  tp  usnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’muslim students playing paintball. afraid  afraid.rtnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’  vianypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’ | viafail rtnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’ |
rtnypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanupoccupy wall street showdown police looms friday morning showdown loomed occupy wall street ...occupywallstreet showdown looms protesters nypd police cleanin..rt  owsrtnypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanupbloomberg.  3rdterm.  “nypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanuprtfollowfor tweets happening imminent standoff nypd &looms  owsrtnypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanuprtnypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanupoccupy wall street showdown looms protesters nypd cops cleaning zuccotti parkrtnypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanupnypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanuprtfollowfor tweets happening imminent standoff nypd &looms  owsrtrtoccupy wall street showdown looms protesters nypd police cleanin..rtnypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanuphow ppl  zuccotti? moar    friday looms.  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  oct15   peacertnypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanuprtnypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanuprtd day  dreamland margate supermarket decision loomspossible showdown looms city  protesters ahead zuccotti park cleaning york (cbsnewyork) – friday...daily mail protesters confront bloomberg dines top restaurant dawn showdown looms camp cleanrtfollowfor tweets happening imminent standoff nypd &looms  ows
dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...rtdon it.  re tricking you.dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...rtdon it.  re tricking you.dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...rtdon it.  re tricking you.according "dancing stars" contestant ricki lake  participating tv wonders h...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ...weightloss  health  dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ...  hr health update
rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.to fix deficit  wars  defund military  tax rich. qs how2 fix america?  occupywallstreetrthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetrthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.occupy  occupywallst  ows  occupysf guys giving wrong people hard time.  cops aren rich.  hired goons.rtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetrtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetrthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.mtbloomberg poll 68% raise taxes rich. 13% cut socsec. 14% medicare cuts.  owsrthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rtthe 1% steal poor rich. 99% lose homes  jobs  future.  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherrthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rtthe 1% fight corrupt  rich. brad pitt helps rebuild orleans. rich  corrupt.  ows  usdorrthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rtthe 1% steal poor rich. 99% lose homes  jobs  future.  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherrthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.
rton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrti wrong don tryn reach   occupywallstreet wallstreet weekendsows rtoccupywallst twitter analysis tweets peaking weekends  byrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrti wrong don tryn reach   occupywallstreet wallstreet weekendsrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetin summer months  course  rton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreet“on weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreet” <     hahahahaharton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetoccupywallst twitter analysis tweets peaking weekends  das sich dafür jemand interessiert.  kapitalismuskritikrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetoccupywallst  twitter analysis tweets peaking weekends social media marketing…rtows rtoccupywallst twitter analysis tweets peaking weekends  byrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreethere tc post...  occupywallst twitter analysis tweets peaking weekendsrtlive pic:weekends bring families  zuccotti park. lots times sit paint posters..  owsrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreet
rtjames keefe (guy restraining framed acorn) spottedvideo   owsrtwhoa. rtrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotas  viartex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotas“ex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotas  show.rtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasand news.....rtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasjames keefe (guy restraining framed acorn) spottedvideo   owsrtjames keefe (guy restraining framed acorn) spottedvideo   owsrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasstephen anderson  ex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotas   ny coprtjames keefe (guy restraining framed acorn) spottedvideo   owsrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasex  nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotas former york…ex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotas former york city narcotics detec...rtjames keefe (guy restraining framed acorn) spottedvideo   owsrtthis shit    rtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotas
rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..
rtthis ugly. letter frm  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtbloomberg shut downto "clean up."  occupybrooms  99percent force.  solidarityrtrtnypd tells ows leave tomorrow morning "cleaning." ...rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"   ows  anonymous  lieshere letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtows takes pre emptive measures planned nypd "cleanup"  zuccotti fri.issues call brooms  trash bags etcrt"clean up" scheduled 7am tomorrow morning. hope resistance cowardly action bloomberg...rtthere reasondescended  ows claims zucotti "cleaned" friday brookfield nypd it««direct action statement "clean up" (cont)rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsoccupyaustin getting kicked city hall @ 2am 6am cst "cleaning".  space clean continue occupy it.rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   ows
brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drove pivotal run...rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series"brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series  oh.nytimessports brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series"brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drove pivotal run...rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrt"brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series  :pi 2 start watching rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drov...brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drove pivotal run...brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drove pivotal run...rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series

truly    rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallst… (cont)rtspot rtdecades calvin & hobbes comicstrip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtrtconfused  occupywallst ? calvin hobbes lay 5 understand   owsrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementdecades calvin hobbes comic succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtrtconfused  occupywallst ? calvin hobbes lay 5 understand   owsrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartrtconfused  occupywallst ? calvin hobbes lay 5 understand   owsrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement
rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.“fact daypoll revealsmovment favorable tea party & obama admin.revealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin  plz read  occupy movementrtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.38% favorable  ows.  60% political hack citing?rtoccupywallst 36% favorable  41% unfavorable. | apparently majority opposes marxism  tcot  lur  1u  p2rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtmtoccupywallst 36% favorable  41% unfavorable. | apparently majority opposes marxism  tcotfact day poll byrevealed themore favorable tea party & obama adm.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.

nypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama nearly 20 ago  steven b...nypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama nearly 20 ago  steven bochco david milc...nbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtsteven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbc  | ooooh  newsqualitytv.   steven bochco & david milch reunite nbc legal drama.rtbreaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...thursday 10 mtsteven bochco & david milch reunite develop legal drama nbc“breaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtnypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc dramagreat news:nbc tv snagged tv writing teams 20 ago steve bocho & david milch (nypd) drama [emmys]nypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama   tv guide   policenewsrtbreaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtbreaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrtnypdblue creators bochco milch reunite nbc dramartmilch intriguing. rtsteven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcsweet  rtbreaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcnypdblue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama


rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersplz rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersfrom ows comical. water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersboston police arresting own citizens.. caught camera.. thats need.. reason  usdor ?rtplz rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiers
nyscanner manhattan washington square park  nypd notified protesters park close midnight. multiple arrests made.  occupywallstreetrtmore video boston police hundreds midnight arrests  occupyboston   viaowsrtmore video boston police hundreds midnight arrests  occupyboston   viaowsrtattention  america  boston pd arrest  occupyboston midnight. call bpd  asap stop  617 343 4200  ows  usdor  usartmanhattan wash sq park  nypd notified protesters park closed midnight. multiple arrests made.  occupyle:more video boston police hundreds midnight arrests  occupyboston   viaowsshit...... rtserial sex attacker terrorizes brooklyn attack happened midnight ...rtmore video boston police hundreds midnight arrests  occupyboston   viaowsrtceleb spotting  occupywallstreet alec baldwin dropped midnight wednesdayrtmore video boston police hundreds midnight arrests  occupyboston   viaowsrtattention  america  boston pd arrest  occupyboston midnight. call bpd  asap stop  617 343 4200  ows  usdor  usartmore video boston police hundreds midnight arrests  occupyboston   viaowsrtrtthere stating city move 6 am. mobilize midnight  comm. 6 am. please  owsrt(incl.) live  ows coverage begins midnightrtmore video boston police hundreds midnight arrests  occupyboston   viaowsrtmore video boston police hundreds midnight arrests  occupyboston   viaowsrtmore video boston police hundreds midnight arrests  occupyboston   viaowssaw signs posted outside saying midnight.rtmore video boston police hundreds midnight arrests  occupyboston   viaowsrtserial sex attacker terrorizes brooklyn attack happened midnight vanderbilt windsor terracertthis link   join lil midnight  occupydc action streaming live   occupydc  ows
avengers  assemble york comic con geeks woodwork gotham weekend comic con...truly    rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallst… (cont)rtspot rtdecades calvin & hobbes comicstrip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementnew york comic con 2011  star wars  actor mark hamill focus ... hamill directed firs...rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement/viartheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementfirst hand account york comic con spent days york comic con  unlike fans i...comics kingdomrthey  ny comic con   zucotti park am support  occupywallst  real superhero.he joked  world laughed comic actor  sticks  win...new york comic con 2011  star wars  actor mark hamill focus ... hamill directed firs...new york comic con 2011  star wars  actor mark hamill focus ... project "a fresh...new york comic con 2011  star wars  actor mark hamill focus ... hamill directed firs...new york comic con 2011  star wars  actor mark hamill focus ... hamill directed firs...rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementfrom ows comical. water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementdecades calvin hobbes comic succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement
rtbreitbart mails organized plan  occupywallstreet protests destabilize governmentrtwe arrest photos news todays march asap. email ajkrosen.com .  occupychi  occupychicago  occupywallstreetrthey guys  greetings media tent toronto  mail copy awesome paper?mailing stuff thecrew... wish heart   occupywallstreeti mails organized plan  occupywallstreet protests destabilize gov (video)  viartows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   email owsoutreachfor details    ows  occupywallstnycrtamazing  globe & mail caption writer hijacks celeb photos slideshow  occupywallstbrilliant caption writer hijacks globe mail "celebrity photos week" photos w.  occupywallstreet supportrtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   email owsoutreachfor details    ows  occupywallstnycrtwe arrest photos news todays march asap. email ajkrosen.com .  occupychi  occupychicago  occupywallstreetrtwe arrest photos news todays march asap. email ajkrosen.com .  occupychi  occupychicago  occupywallstreetrtwe arrest photos news todays march asap. email ajkrosen.com .  occupychi  occupychicago  occupywallstreetarrest hacking celebrities  private mail ian lovett adam nagourney los angeles — flori...rtbreitbart.tv breitbart mails organized plan  occupywallstreet protests destabilize governmentrtandrew breitbart mails organized plan  occupywallstreet protests destabiliz...   tcot  tlotrtgateway pundit  andrew breitbart mails organized plan  occupywallstreet protests destab...rtandrew breitbart mails organized plan  occupywallstreet protests destabilize gove...   tcotrtsporadic outages blackberry messaging email service spread u.s. canada ...iphone thief queens picture emailed owner igotya app  forwarded police     viagot voicemail  left messagecan specify amount equipment:laptop generator etc.ready pay items 2 mail marina.happy.tour.com
so oftensays best.  occupy america’s ‘primal scream’rtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptamericas primal scream 400 wealthiest americns combined net worth thn bottom 150million americns.rtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptreading  occupymelbourne rtows primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtdo miss reading mtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  lrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egypt "rtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtjane gross sprimal scream  mean op ed  "how medicare fails elderly " worth readingread thiscolumn occupy wall st primal scream inequalityrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptgreat kristof article america’s ‘primal scream’   inequality  ows  occupyvancouverrtamerica’s ‘primal scream. wealth inequality.rtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egypt
"so 110 tonight park close. night 70s.  occupycincinnati  occupycincy"rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.when voter turnout  republicans lose. encourage vote.  no2gop  occupywallstrtrex ryan losing streak "everything stinks lose.food tastes terrible.beer warm. absolutely rotten"rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.when rely experts dictate health decisions  child education   lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtwhen voter turnout  republicans lose. encourage vote.  no2gop  occupywallstrtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.please remember dr. mlk  stay nonviolent  violence win lose. rock steady.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.they ve savings  retirement   healthcare  houses. left dangerous people w/ lose.  usdor
rtbloody hell  pass by? slavoj zizek speaks liberty square   occupywallstreet  ows please retweetshit smh rtsmh rtsmh rt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spreertsmh rtsmh rt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spreesenegal curbs bloody rite girls women  (ny times)   fgm  senegal  women  girlsthis bloody brilliantrt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spree... wtf?smdh rtyea 80s ...rt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spreeis confirmed arrested injured? remember gray white shirt bloody fall paddy wagondo remember bloody kicked scooter over? fell paddy wagon threw inperfect hashtag. image bloody guy falling paddywagon yesterdayyea 80s ...rt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spreertsmh rtsmh rt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spreesmh rt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spreesmfh rtrt damn17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spreehorrific harlem stabbing caught video wielding knife wearing bloody eye patch repeatedly stabb...horrific harlem stabbing caught video wielding knife wearing bloody eye patch repeatedly stabb...rt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spree... wtf?bloody hell  pass by? slavoj zizek speaks liberty square   occupywallstreet  ows please retweetrtrt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spreertbloody hell  pass by? slavoj zizek speaks liberty square   occupywallstreet  ows please retweetwhoa  wtf rtsmh rtsmh rt17 shot  3 stabbed nyc bloody spree
occupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation  viaoccupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation | world news |      99percentanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation  viaanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   washington postrtwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation article published guardian.co.u...occupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation article published guardian.co.u...occupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation – guardianbreakin  news occupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation   guardianrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigationwork   occupydc nyc. 2 seniors tackled  busted nypd.  patheticrtoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation  viaows  occupywallstreetrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation  viaows  occupywallstreetrtnypd officer pepper sprayed  ows protesters caught video   wtf  anonymousrtsenior citizens hospitalized accidentally eating  marijuana brownies  funeral   browniesrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vw
rtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross ...rtrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 (cont)it  fearless. organize intent. clear. intent.rtrtjesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent.  owsrtrtjesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsjesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent.  owsrtjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertwindy liberty. cold. medical remove tent. arrest.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtwindy liberty. cold. medical remove tent. arrest.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson locked arms protesters front tent. live   ows  occupywallstreetrtwindy liberty. cold. medical remove tent. arrest.   ourwallstreet  occupywallstreetrtjesse jackson locked arms protesters front tent. live   ows  occupywallstreetrtjesse jackson locked arms protesters front tent. live   ows  occupywallstreetrtjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertthe entire park protecting tent.  nypd
rt15oct jesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd [occupy wall st...   occupywallstreetjesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypdows protests  zuccotipark  libertyplaza nervous cleaning plan pretense eviction  bans suppliesjesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypdattention protesters start singing star spangled banner 3 times day intense   occupywallstreet  occupysfows protests zuccoti park nervous cleaning plan pretense eviction  bans suppliesrtows protests zuccoti park nervous cleaning plan pretense eviction  bans suppliesrtows jesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd (occupy wall street)...   usrevolutionjesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd   gawker   blacknewsrteveryone standing ground. tense. nypd next. surrounded.    ourwallstreet  occupy  occupywallstreetrteveryone standing ground. tense. nypd next. surrounded.    ourwallstreet  occupy  occupywallstreetjesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd [occupy wall street]rteveryone standing ground. tense. nypd next. surrounded.    ourwallstreet  occupy  occupywallstreetoccupy wall street jesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypdrtnot  occupywallst 2day  followcorrespondentfor reports tense protests  egyptmtabout doz  nypd scooters headed dwntwn 7th riot police. police outumbered & tense (via)  ows"ows jesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd (occupy wall street)...rtows jesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd (occupy wall street)...   usrevolutionjesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd    vianew video tense showdown  ows & nypd mounted unit (horses) times square   oct15rteveryone standing ground. tense. nypd next. surrounded.    ourwallstreet  occupy  occupywallstreet
rtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidindustrial  speculative capitalism deeply violent  kills people  species & ecosystems. fascism rises people lose values  occupywallstreetwhy doesn surprise me? rtnypd counter terrorism unit arrives times sq   owsrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtobscene evil casts shadow land. grotesque inequity  devalued workers  ecosystem collapse  fascism rises. time  occupywallstreetrtno surprise citizens rtnypd counter terrorism unit arrives times sq   owsreally newark???thats real suprise...surprise   tell didn know.  it happens time.nypd costs rise wall street protests continue cost constant police surveillance growing wall s...rtrtus department defense (dod) training manual categorises protests as"low level t...rtthe dark knight rises ...and occupies wall street?   occupywallstrtpeople rise  cops blink human rights movement takes root york park jimmy breslin   p2  owsnypd costs rise wall strt protests continue   job    occupywallstreet  occupyboston  occupyseattlertwall st protesters  darknightrises ?  christophernolan  christianbale  occupywallst   batmanthe revolution twitterised  ows  occupywallstnyc  occupyfreedom  occupylife  occupyrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidnew yorkers rise cause atin am home nownot surprised. peace.rtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.occupywallstreet hitting hurts    fiat   nypd costs rise wall st protests continue
dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...comparative analysis "similar types students"? fair? rt‘f’ grade shocks york’s public school 84dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...rt‘f’ grade shocks school popularity rising   uwsdwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ...‘f’ grade shocks school popularity risingdwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ...weightloss  health  dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ...  hr health updatedwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...
rtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdor
rtbloomberg revisiting  occupy wall street    occupywallst  99percent  usdor  owsrt"i am visiting  participating"owsrtrtshout kanye visiting thademonstrators  lot bout characterrtword. rt"i am visiting  participating"owsrt"i am visiting  participating"viaoccupyorlando  ows ...5 suspects id  2 held rape 22 woman visiting raped ...rt"i am visiting  participating"owswow  jesse major hypocrite (he 1%er) “"i am visiting  participating"ows”does kanye west massive irony inherent visiting  occupywallst protest?  probably not.revisiting global food crisisinfuriating. uk nonsensical incomprehensible visa  policy  visiting artists  (via)what hell re doing? britain’s conflicting entry rules stymie visiting artistsrt"i am visiting  participating"owsdo enjoy visiting park  letwinrtrt"i am visiting  participating"owshave noticed 1%...not 99%...have stars visiting  occupywallst. weird that?beer curry flintoff f1 diet india andrew flintoff advice formula teams visiting india for...rtrt"i am visiting  participating"viaoccupyorlando  ows ...stay night  sleeping bag  rt"i am visiting  participating"ows"i am visiting  participating"ows /viart“"i am visiting  participating"ows”
occupy  occupyphilly  occupywallstreet   read experience  photos  video  etcrtmy friend wife awesome pictures  occupyphilly  check  crowd diverse    occupywallstreetrtcreate wish list amazon  occupyphilly  needsoftheoccupiers  add link  occupywikipediartif philly friends tentand friends one. keeping informed weeks  occupyphillyrtrtrt1000+ marching  occupyphilly  join  99%  ows  15o  oct15mtcarl dix ppl harlem heartened  owsers <maybe missing pointrtplsrt fellowoccupier2daysmissing familys worriedfound package colored 11"x17" paper   yay signs occupy philly   occupyphilly  occupywallstreet  sept17chants "this democracy looks " stuck head  freaking awesome    occupyphilly  occupywallstreet  ows  sept17.faculty support  occupyphilly  occupyphiladelphia  occupywallstreet  owswe believe promised land   occupywallstreet  occupytheworld  occupymiami  ows  occupyphilly  occupywashin... ?rta city wide cleanup campaign symbolic effective. words them.  occupyphilly  owsrtteachers joining occupation wall street  philly   occupywallstreet  occupyphillyrtoccupyphilly running internet radio 3 car battery 8 solar panels  occupywallstreetrtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   ows  occupywallstnyc  occupyphilly  measure faith |rtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   ows  occupywallstnyc  occupyphilly  measure faithlolrtcreate wish list amazon  occupyphilly  needsoftheoccupiers  add link  occupywikipediathis song goes 99% time.  occupywallst  occupytogether  occupyphillyrtrtrt1000+ marching  occupyphilly  join  99%  ows  15o  oct15rtrttech tent media station powered solar generators.  occupyphilly goal completely gridrtstreaming peoples mic
rtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrthenceforth tweets relating  occupywallstreet nonsense instead label are.  fleaparty.  occupysoap now.rtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreetrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsvic miles  reporter anchor wcbs tv  dies 79 mr. miles brought nonsense  essence style...rtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsof course phyical evidence nonsensehenceforth tweets relating  occupywallstreet nonsense instead label are.  fleaparty.  occupysoap now.rtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrti ve seen left delusional nonsense life  "we 99%" cake.  occupywallstreetrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtheytime restart  opegypt.  egypt tv spreading deadly nonsense & misinfo  anonymous  tahrir  fuckscafrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  ows
what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthis clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  obama2012what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetvideo exposing ‘occupy wall street’ organized day seiu/acorn front   viausdor  owswhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip ofexposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?    occupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  ows  takewallstreet
rtmtmarine sergeant shamar thomas nypd saying theyr supposed defend  occupywallstreet  15octi   finally proof. goddamnit twitter supposed :(  fail  ows  occupyseattlertthe biggest army ive seen screaming nypd yelling youre supposed protect people. theyre afraid touch  owsmarine sergeant shamar thomas nypd saying theyre supposed defend  occupywallstreet  15oct   owsrthuge army yelling nypd "your supposed protect people [..] honor    ows  15o"underwriters supposed gatekeepers  sales & marketing agents." missed red flags groupon iportmarine sergeant shamar thomas nypd saying theyre supposed defend  occupywallstreet  15oct   owsrti this. directly scene now. occupychicago supposedly hacked?rtthis a.m. heard 2 shitty katy perry songs.. hit squirrel. ate mcd fast. supposed muppet.the police arresting people supposed protect  occupyboston ..  usdor ..  occupywallstreetrtmtmarine sergeant shamar thomas nypd saying theyr supposed 2 defend  occupywallstr… (cont)rthuge army yelling nypd "your supposed protect people [..] honor    ows  15onypd stands negro aint supposed dat  nacamatrthuge army yelling nypd "your supposed protect people [..] honor    ows  15ortmtmarine sergeant shamar thomas nypd saying theyr supposed defend  occupywallstreet  15octit protest. supposed inconvenience you. admire violence size duration  occupywallst  occupybostonmtmarine sergeant shamar thomas nypd saying theyr supposed 2 defend  occupywallstr… (cont)rtrthuge soldier nypd "you re supposed protect people [..] honor "   owsrtsupposedly jumping barricade.mtmarine sergeant shamar thomas nypd saying theyr supposed defend  occupywallstreet  15octi baffled. figure nor tell purpose  occupywallst ? supposed achieve?
rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtmtrtsorryour approval rating yours. bad feelings.   owsmayor&should afraid  ows protesters approval rating=67% mayor ratingrtcops tents down. call mayor parker approvalrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtcongress  approval ties time low 13%  lower time revolutionary war loyalist 15 20%  usdorhoney close modified crops regulatory approval      monsanto  usdor  anoncorpwatch  gmo  anonymous  owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtcongress  approval ties time low 13%  lower time revolutionary war loyalist 15 20%  usdorrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtcongress  approval ties time low 13%  lower time revolutionary war loyalist 15 20%  usdorrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owslol rtsorryour approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtswaaagg rtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude..yo  follow? mean  reason approval rating high...  ows  occupyamercia  pooponstuff
rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.wow dirty ass cops........ new?  ?nypd fake drug charges arrest quotas     aware cops.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rtso cops like? lapd? rti fucking hate nypd cops.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.they re w/ badges  stop clubbing  stop arresting arrest violent cops.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.in future millions claim occupy wall street  marches & faced cops. nypd spell radicalize??rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.plz  useful information recording protests cops.rtrtboston 1st circ crt citizens 2 vid cops.  bpd pushing press violation free speech+press.rtplz  useful information recording protests cops.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.1 marine vs 30 nypd cops. armed forces swag.nypd paid huge corporations. rent cops.  sadaffairsrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.
rttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors  (cont)rttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrtrttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrtrttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrtrttime sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdorrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupyboston"time sq amazing  looks 15000 growing  15oct  ows  usdor"

"former federal lawyer calls investigation nypd muslim spy programsoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation  viaoccupywallstreetrtoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation | world news |      99percentformer federal lawyer calls investigation nypd muslim spy programsrtwe fbi incompetent dishonest  frozen wikileaks investigation?   usdorfbi launches probe dead baby found cruise ship fbi agents launched investigation aboard carnival ...former federal lawyer calls investigation nypd muslim spy programs former homeland security depa...   newsoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation  viartif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.rtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.subpoenas issued ny investigation overcharging school lunches.   oversightoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation article published guardian.co.u...occupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation article published guardian.co.u...the bronx aka bx  rtservadv downtown  4 via express b/t burnside ave & 167th st due nypd investigation 170th stoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation – guardianbreakin  news occupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation   guardianrtq merrick blvd & 127 ave ped struck aided removed serious condition. ais requested accident investigation.occupy wall street senior nypd officers investigationrtoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation  viaows  occupywallstreetrtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.rtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.
rtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiers  nycrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiers

rtoccupywallstreet…  college  list  dark  dems  p2  sgp  tcot  tlot(video)rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?telegraph.co.ukbp recovers $4 billion anadarko gulf spillnew york timeslondon — british oil...   mexicochocolate cut stroke risk study; benefit dark chocolate ... research suggests ea...rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtthe dark knight rises ...and occupies wall street?   occupywallston road dark mood surrounds corporate jet makers  york timesrtwall st protesters  darknightrises ?  christophernolan  christianbale  occupywallst   batmanrtoccupywallstreet people earth unite ~ coming darkness light ~ ? charlie chaplindoes mean dark chocolate & sea salt cookies health benefits? woot      fbrtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtboston police tried pull mubarak cover darkness. organise effective action.  occupyboston  usdor   ff usdayofragertin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?darktimesahead  bible  ows  occupywallstreet  revolution =  revelation 13:17 18plan999darktimesahead  bible  ows  occupywallstreet  revolution =  revelation 13:17 18plan999a dark mood surrounds corporate jet makersrtznznxmnx rtjust heard light skinned pumpkins knifed easier dark skinned ones on. racist.get informed. rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins ?new york city  superheroes  react arrest crime fighter  dark phoenix  york (cbsnewyork) – york ...
what  jesus   ows  occupytoronto  canada  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  kinsellartwe  occupytorontorthey guys  greetings media tent toronto  mail copy awesome paper?you idiot thinkhates wall street too.  occupywallst  occupytoronto  occupybaystreet  gop  tcot  tdotoccupytoronto sit yonge dundas square photo setabsolutely. giving police forces world role model dealing w/  occupyrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupytoronto   warm food  oranges  bananas  nigella  peanut butter  spatula  spoons  aluminum trays. please rt.rtimages rally torontort breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrt breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrt breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentit time...united devided zero  ows  occupywallstreet  occupycanada  occupyottawa  occupytorontorta message anonymous american autumn   occupywallstreet  occupybaystreet  occupy  a99rt breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrtsign allpetitions handy link.breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrtmodern day heroes....andbreaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentanonqc rta message anonymous american autumn   occupywallstreet  o...rtit time...united devided zero  ows  occupywallstreet  occupycanada  occupyottawa  occupytorontort breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percent
rtoccupymarines followers disseminate direction ground troops please assistrtwhen comes tomorrow  hug hand flower.rtlooking  occupywallstreet   ows   occupytogether   occupy   99percent  &  usdor followers. follow back.federal deficit lower projected 2010 11   occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011  occupy  fed  anticorprtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owsaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxsneaky teabaggers..trying serve masters...amass followers trash obama &  occupywallstreet ..i nt care flwersrt"socialism capitalism lower classes”   oswald spengler  occupywallstreet  occupyamsterdamrtmassachusetts looks ‘global payments’ lower health costrtcongress  approval ties time low 13%  lower time revolutionary war loyalist 15 20%  usdorgermany lowers expectations e.u. summitrtwhen comes tomorrow  hug hand flower.a whistle blower steps forward nypd planted drugs innocent fill quotas —rtunbelievable  arrest chalking. drew sidewalks kid lower east (1960 s) :(rtoccupywallstreet close $300 000 & storage space donated supplies lower manhattan.   ows /viartoccupywallstreet $300 000 & storage space donated supplies lower manhattan.   ows  occupyworldyes. rtrtnew study chocolate lower risk stroke womenrtcongress  approval ties time low 13%  lower time revolutionary war loyalist 15 20%  usdorrtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owspls share  free logos fromto promoting  ows  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet anthem    ineedadollar    dope video .all followers check this
rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtrti biodieselpunk. dark dystopia  driven canola oil  smelling french fries.rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuel
hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday released israeli soldier captured mo...rtlawyer victim calls arrest mace happy nypd officer   ows  protest  freespeechhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins  ethan bronner reported jerusalemhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday released israeli soldier captured mo...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap beginsthe guardianhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap beginsnew york timesjerusalem — islamist palestinia...nypd special security arrangement mega banks   ows  freespeech  p2lawyer victim calls arrest mace happy nypd officer   ows  protest  freespeechhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times guardianhamas frees israeli soldier as...rtnypd special security arrangement mega banks   ows  freespeech  p2beatboxing freestylng  abc7 news story aboutis first?   ows  theymaybecomingaroundnews hamas frees israeli soldier five captivity prisoner swap beginshamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york timesny times hamas frees israeli soldier five captivity prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday rel...rtnypd special security arrangement mega banks   ows  freespeech  p2rthamas frees  israeli soldier five captivity prisoner swap begins rtdtn world news hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times sydney morning heraldhamas...rtrtnypd special security arrangement mega banks   ows  freespeech  p2rtlawyer victim calls arrest mace happy nypd officer   ows  protest  freespeechhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times globe mailhamas frees israeli soldier ...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times globe mailhamas frees israeli soldier ...
breaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetwow  amazing people clean. weekend nutty.rtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydenver. ol  dr. bronners.  clean.rtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetkeep fresh clean. tool smear  ows.i criminal record all. utterly clean. liar.  ukuncut    party  taking power 2015rtthere emergency proposal suggested $5000 buy garbage bins job keeping park clean.  owsrtkeep fresh clean. tool smear  owsgood hear  haven visited  yet. chance  clean.rtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreet
rtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsif support  occupywallstreet  occupyla &  movements  download wicked sweet wallpaper    pleasertalmost arab muslims  ppl support&  occupy movements  world  means (cont)rtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown  viapuppet obama pushing  occupywallstreet partyers telling re similar movementsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtthe 99%people participating  ows movements dehumanized denied 1st amendment rights stand solidarity   ows  usdor  occupyrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  feds””you accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  feds
rtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  ows
what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthis clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  obama2012what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free   libertysquare  ows  usdor  15octwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetnba facing doomsday scenario predicts prof gary roberts doomsday scenario nba inevitable. "t...what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetmany parties window deficit reduction panel robert pear washington — c...rtanyone folks aren preparing winter... re looking commercial kitchen downtown  occupywallstagreedrtoccupymontreal devinez qui possède libertysquare? une cie canadienne qui déjà été propriétaire de nos glorieuxrtwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtrtoccupyadvice media messaging shift (+) ( ). stay (+)  negativity.  ows
lord mayor melbourne planning evicting  occupymelbourne. mail complaints  lordmayor.vic.gov.aurtpls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @canadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  via“pls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @rtpls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @rtsend msg 2 stop cdn company brookfield asset mgt evicting  occupywallstreet    canada  cdnleftrtcanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viacanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viartthreat much? mt"really hopeisn evicting tomorrow. sake."friday 7amest nypd  invading zuccotti pk evicting occupiers. can’t person witness watchrtpls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @if plan evicting whelming; herculean task.your count 20 times capacity evict.rtcanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viartcanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viacanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viartcanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viacanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viartpls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @anonymous t1m35  emergency call action bloomberg kelly evicting  ows…brookfield evicting  occupywallstreet &  lttrhead   w/phone  s/email. call & stay?  owsrtcanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @
r.i.p. rtrtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer     concise.sesame street youtube channel hacked  programming replaced pornrtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer mr. ritchie  inventor programming language ...dennis ritchie 70 dies  programming trailblazer  rip mr. ritchie  programmers owe careers   fb"ritchieeeeeeeeee"  “dennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerit easy set  programming skills necessary.  wlfbotdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerrtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerprincipal designer programming language + co eveloper unix  dennis ritchie  passed yesterday  vianytimes dennis ritchie  programming trailblazer  dies 70rtdennis ritchie  programming trailblazer  dies 70dennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer mr. ritchie  inventor programming language ...dennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer mr. ritchie  inventor programming language ...r.i.p. rtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerrtdennis ritchie  literally father modern programming oses  died today.  apple pc owertdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer mr. ritchie  inventor programming languag...   tech: ( dennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer
wowzers rtthieves break brooklyn buy  steal nearly 200 ipadsswag rtthieves break brooklyn buy  steal nearly 200 ipadsthieves steal $112 000 worth ipads brooklyn buy burglary lightning fast bandits busted ...rtwall street protests  ipads flash mobs   trendingi smell ipad connect lol "thieves break brooklyn buy  steal nearly 200 ipadsthe 99 percent wins? rtmore $100k ipads stolen buy   newyorkcitythieves steal $112 000 worth ipads brooklyn buy burglary lightning fast bandits busted ...rtcheck craigslist hour rtmore $100k ipads stolen buy (via)   newyorkcitywow rtthieves break brooklyn buy  steal nearly 200 ipadso_o rtrtthieves steal $112 000 worth ipads brooklyn buy burglary  224 ipad salethis future kids won playing ipads/iphones..i bet    » thieves steal $112 000 worth ipads brooklyn buy burglaryrtthieves steal $112 000 worth ipads brooklyn buy burglarywe hard rtbrooklyn wassup rtthieves break brooklyn buy  steal nearly 200 ipadsrtcheck craigslist hour rtmore $100k ipads stolen buy (via)  newyorkcityrtcheck craigslist hour rtmore $100k ipads stolen buy (via)   newyorkcitythieves steal $112 000 worth ipads brooklyn buy burglary... send emrtrtrtthieves break brooklyn buy  steal nearly 200 ipads  yoo asap hartbrooklyn wassup ? rtthieves break brooklyn buy  steal nearly 200 ipadsrtdow 330 day.  occupymyportfolio  keepprotesting  occupywallstreet  appleup19bucks  useyouriphones  buymoreipads  aimlesstoolsrtrtthieves steal $112 000 worth ipads brooklyn buy burglary
rtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtoccupydc protest pepper spray incident incited agent provocateurs (video)   ows  occupywallstreet  opesr  a99  usdorrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtoccupydc protest pepper spray incident incited agent provocateurs (video)   ows  occupywallstreet  opesr  a99  usdorthe nypd sends plain clothes agents create disunity & instigate rioting. peacekeepers doing job. thank you.  occupywallstreet  owsrtillusion money “the truth obscured veil complexity”   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  int13hrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdornypd spying  muslim  university students inside  nyc  sending undercover agents campuses.rtsimilarly  outraged nypd punching women  unprovoked? it?rtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsagent redt zijn leven door vinger revolver te steken een agent van de nypd heeft zijn eigen leven gered door...fbi launches probe dead baby found cruise ship fbi agents launched investigation aboard carnival ...rtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsoccupywallstreet  ows  o15  timessquare  woohoo  besafeoutthereoccupydc protest pepper spray incident incited agent provocateurs (video)   ows  occupywallstreet  opesr  a99  usdorpls help & support  ffthank uthe history agent orange     monsanto  usdor  anoncorpwatch  gmo  anonymousrta trusted source told federal agent directly dhs "anarchists" excuse. happened bostonrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdor
prevent eviction.    informationrtwe teamed w/&to deliver impt fire safety tips. check   firepreventionweekrtvoter id laws prevent people voting    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows   usdorcool idea  rthave fire safety question? &  fdny fire safety ed director answer video fire prevention weekstabbing  murder  robbery  raping  isn  nypd prevent& protect this? nope  re busy arresting& beating ppl  owsemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet tomorrow >>rtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsemergency call action prevent forcible closure occupy wall street   |preventing syrian civil war (nyt)preventing syrian civil war (nyt)rtcircumcision  "a fad failed. prevents  removes lot."  newsi feel prevent sex trafficking. is... apparent form slavery.rtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonops.writes american diplomacy  recognize  snc prevent civil war  syria .atemergency call action prevent forcible closure occupy wall street   |rtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtis legal 4to strobe light prevent protesters filming actions.   owsop ed contributor preventing syrian civil war   york times
really newark???thats real suprise...i feel likes tweets good... rtmultiple people shot newarknewark  laguardia  jfk hit records central park shy record 86  nocomplaints warm thru columbus dayta det försiktigt på väg till flyget... rtmultiple people shot newarkna onli death una dey tweet? rtmultiple people shot newarkrtmultiple people shot newark   breakingnewsrtnewark  laguardia  jfk hit records central park shy record 86  nocomplaints warm thru columbus daywuts new? rtmultiple people shot newarkrtmultiple people shot newark:(man drives drags officer newark   newjerseysmh rtmultiple people shot newark   newjerseynot news  monday newark rtrtmultiple people shot newarklooks deceiving. stay safe amigo...  rtmultiple people shot newarkthat hang multiple people rtmultiple people shot newark"multiple people shot newark  real life rapcheck/ developing... "multiple people shot newarkshocking rtmultiple people shot newarkrtmultiple rain drops determined wet rtmultiple people shot newarkits philly  camden newark.  newarks rtmultiple people shot newark“the article called protests. (cont)smh rtmultiple people shot newark
rtrtrtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows  p2rtrtrtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  owsrtrtows  usdor breaking news dr. cornel west arrested carrying sign steps supreme court. please retweet.rt"rtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows "rtbill reilly getting own  cornell west tavis smiley rock itrtrtrtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows  p2rt"rtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows "rtrtrtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  owsrtrtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  owsrt"rtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows "rtrtrtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows  p2rt"rtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows "rt"rtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows "rt"rtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows "rt"rtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows "rtrtows  usdor breaking news dr. cornel west arrested carrying sign steps supreme court. please retweet.rt"rtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows "rt"rtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows "rt"rtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows "rt"rtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows "rt"rtmalin arnell arrested please retweet  ows "
rtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whiteoccupydc special planned approx. 5pm. stay tuned.  takingittothenextlevel  nonviolencertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitesubnews service resumes elder ave & st. lawrence ave 5pm. stations closed 8 months renovations.rtwant join  occupyjudaism times sq. rally today? meet jewish garment worker statue 39th & 7th 4:45pm.  occupysukkot
iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguertmy takeaway  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguestate art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...state art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguertmy takeaway  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?rt...  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?nytimes iphone conceals sheer magicthoughts re  occupyiowa? mtoccupywallst takeaway sheer amt media pro media irrelevant?rtmy takeaway  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?wow   iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguertmy takeaway  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?rtmy takeaway  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?
rtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrt"this country...has party money party" dan clawson dollars votes (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtows rtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)rtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrt"this country...has party money party" dan clawson dollars votes (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtows rtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)rtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrt"this country...has party money party" dan clawson dollars votes (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtows rtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)rtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtedl threaten demo christian organisation running "understanding islam" events.  (pdf)rtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtows rtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)rt"this country...has party money party" dan clawson dollars votes (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrt"this country...has party money party" dan clawson dollars votes (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrt"this country...has party money party" dan clawson dollars votes (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreet
so oftensays best.  occupy america’s ‘primal scream’rtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtscreams nyc "no barricades  barricades " watch live   ows  usdorrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptamericas primal scream 400 wealthiest americns combined net worth thn bottom 150million americns.rtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtscreams nyc "no barricades  barricades " watch live   ows  usdorrtthe biggest army ive seen screaming nypd yelling youre supposed protect people. theyre afraid touch  owsrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrt“screams nyc "no barricades  barricades " watch live   ows  usdor”rtwatch marine screams nypd  ows protestthe mob mentality  occupywallstreet scary. win screaming "shame" cops doing job. won t.reading  occupymelbourne rtows primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtdo miss reading mtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  lrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptnews nypd arrests woman citibank screams "i customer " (video)rtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egypt "rtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtjane gross sprimal scream  mean op ed  "how medicare fails elderly " worth reading
rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtrtrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet
senate republicans vote kill obama jobs bill washington   senate republicans voted kill white...gop  dem  congress  senate happend  unitedstatesofamerica  occupywallstreet  owsgop  dem  congress  senate  comeclean happend  usa  opreo  oppulse  occupywallstreet  ows  winninghumanitys  world  economy based  quality  reputation &  achivements  occupywallstreet  ows  congress  senate  housertpresident’s jobs measure key senate testnot  gopfail voted 2 americans 2nite senate  ows  occupywallstreetoccupydc  occupylartrtmtit’s official democrat controlled senate votes obama’s jobs bill   usdor  owsrtwatch live    occupydc  freedomplaza @ senate office building  occuppywallstreet  o15  occupyeverywhere  usdor  a99  99ny  ourwallstreetrtrtmtit’s official democrat controlled senate votes obama’s jobs bill   usdor  owsrtsenate approves bill aimed china’s currency policymassachusetts senate approves casinos tough economic times eased measure previously failed ...rtwatch space elizabeth warren  mass senate hopeful & 2016 presidential candidate.president’s jobs measure key senate testceliobusinessdesk president’s jobs measure key senate testpresident’s jobs measure key senate test    celiobusinessdeskvit’s official democrat controlled senate votes  obama  jobs bill   usdor  ows  dems  gop  p2  tcotrtows  usdor october 2011 arrested senate offices    viaconnecttheleftrtows  usdor october 2011 arrested senate offices    via...rtin dc   ows planning flash mob inside senate office buildings 11:30rtbreaking police begun arresting people protesting hart senate office building.  occuypywallstreet  owssuuuprise  suuuuprise. rtrtbreaking senate repubs vote block $447 billion obama jobs bill  roll call continues.
rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsows besides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiersesimated amount  brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans ect?  organizingrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet
stand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg . stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtopbroomberg crap mayor causes left wallst? horses charge you.  sweep him.  usdorrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtopbroomberg crap mayor causes left wallst? horses charge you.  sweep him.  usdorrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetoperationbroomberg   glad humor promote messagertopbroomberg crap mayor causes left wallst? horses charge you.  sweep him.  usdor
id love 2 help  rothboys dont  issaid paid tweet pro israel tweets.rt.thisis egged byto bully u.  rothboys appeal. ignore  cant read wellrti don w/ uk edl squabble fundraiser blame fake nemesisrepublic  rothboysrt< evil scamming  bastard  rothboys   monieswhy report. funds give. account & mothers maiden name  rothboysrtam amazed generous people tonight. day :d  rothboysrt(my neighbor) united alliance taking donations  rothboys  call 304 580 0570yes  help.   rothboys  nipclub  wlf  anipalslet angry ... pull diamonds ass idiot. =; )rothboysyeah  worry  =; )rothboysthank   allz later.rothboysyes  sweet face.    rothboys  beckhamsdog  wlf  brodiertthis  brodie wonderful.  rothboys  beckhamsdog  wlfrtrothboys spread word pls rt. disabled woman abt lose home kids viartyep. ll utilities tomorrow unless pay rent tomorrow. utilities/no rent = court loss  rothboysrtrothboys  wlf rtmy hope people rally & send money via moneygram & wes… (cont)rti ppl rally & save kids  moneygram & westernunion hope now.  rothboysrtrthe  accept $550. 500 month & 50. towards rent.  rothboysrti tried heartless world terrible world cares  rothboysrtfact:if don raise rent/utility $ 12hrs home  rothboys  brodie me.rtthat america. re 99% 99% don care about.  rothboys
rtdamn rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsein mittagspausenhinweis auf  occupywallstreet aus sicht eines yorkers.rtdamn rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsbefore surf net  check surf report...     jpmorgan   nypd   mittromney   occupywallstreet   ows   fifai told finance committee wepay account  occupywallstreet fake.   viaoccupywallstreet march leaving wall st.   generalassembly continue committee reports.library reportbacks. committe rep totally looks librarian. editor nation stopped voice support.  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers "we pool strength  solidarity  love & committment 2 together"yeah  brother wrote fairy tale called jew thorns. mtcongressman grimm endorses mitt romney.generalassembly  occupywallstreet session continues report committeesrtows rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsrtindiv & committees affiliated finance sector $1b campaign contributions  98 08   usdor  owsgets gun spitting incident asim martinez  32  committed murder rage neighbor  t...gets gun spitting incident asim martinez  32  committed murder rage neighbor  t...rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsrtwow.  ows rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsrttop obama 2012 advisor david axelrod mitt romney "stunningly inconsistent" (updated) ..rtwake call mitt romney comes focus | york daily newsmore postponed. goes council. planning committee. read local govtrepublican candidates debate divide economy fresh air confidence candidacy  mitt romney...rtindiv & committees affiliated finance sector $1b campaign contributions  98 08   usdor  ows
student nj community college stutters told speak class  /viaa11yrtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via“student jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via”rtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via“student jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via”rtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via
rtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsevery time interviews  occupywallst protest smart articulate  ows  bklynproblemsoccupy wall street name recognition soars occupy wall street protesters haven able articulate pr...rtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrhetoric here.  sincerely. articulate compelling.  occupyla  takewallstreetrt rhetoric here.  sincerely. articulate compelling.  occupytogether  takewallstreetrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtrtan articulate ny times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtevery time interviews  occupywallst protest smart articulate  ows  bklynproblemsrt rhetoric here.  sincerely. articulate compelling.  occupyla  takewallstreetso blind rage inarticulate anger rage left & progressives. drugs mind  occupywallstreet
rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?iz cool  wayst  dat. mumstaff iz wantin sum piggies da humins.  wlfmore nypd stuff re interested. starts talking 6 minsget informed. rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins ?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtabout 4 mins ago police arrested lead marchers 6th happened fast couldn pic. van & gone.  owsbots spreading nasty missives aboutand  occupywallst   4 < 10 mins.  twitterrtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtthank former prime minster josé sócrates brave marriage equality.  happy milk touched you.dance party  freedomplaza. 10 mins permit expiration. reportedly police action a.m.(cont) cops shutting street marches 5 mins notice. mayor wasn  turned. happen phthis crowd easily tripled past 30 mins. unbelievable.  occupywallstreetrtcurrent  occupyboston protest stopped outside emerson college ten mins shouting students joinrtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?
rtrtbreakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiestoccupy wall st protesters plan millionaires march homes 5 nyc wealthiest /via<they ll pizza & heroine 4 ?rthey  400 wealthiest america "we don money  money back."   ows   ourwallstreetrthm.  occupywallstreet crowd plans march wealthiest yorkers  homes tomorrowrt:“breakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiestamericas primal scream 400 wealthiest americns combined net worth thn bottom 150million americns.occupy poor wall street   op art   nytimes.com incensed attention protests  wealthiest ...rtthree wealthiest families world assets combined wealth forty eight poorest nations  occupywallstreetrtbreakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiestrt"¶the 400 wealthiest americans combined net worth bottom 150 million americans."  is...rtbreakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiestrt"¶the 400 wealthiest americans combined net worth bottom 150 million americans."  is...rthm.  occupywallstreet crowd plans march wealthiest yorkers  homes tomorrowrtbreakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiestrtwealthiest 1% denial 99% reality.  ows  usdor  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  occupypdx  occupy...rtthe wealthiest 1% control country  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  ows   usdor  occupydc  oct15rtbreakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiestrtfact 400 wealthiest americans combined net worth bottom 150 million   icymirtthe wealthiest 1% denial 99% reality.  ows  usdor  occupytogether  occupywallstreet  occupypdx  occupyportland  gop  tcot"to angry wealthiest americans success simply childish jealousy..."  oowsrtthree wealthiest families world assets combined wealth forty eight poorest nations  occupywallstreet
news u.s. cuts proposed size force iraq proposal american troops iraq train it...proposed list demands occupy wall st movement  | idiots lose  1968 again?  vianews u.s. cuts proposed size force iraqwe anticipate moves $  5concon   moves illegal proposed amendment.  willmakeitharder  ows  usdordtn usa push aids memorial greenwich village park proposed creating memorial park ...dtn usa u.s. cuts proposed size force iraq proposal american troops iraq train...rtat ga  ows tonight  measure repudiate parties proposed  tabled substantial objections.rtoccupywallstreet proposed basic income guarantee solution   occupylsx time discussexcitingads  u.s. cuts proposed size force  iraq proposal some…u.s cuts proposed size force  iraq     imperialismu.s. cuts proposed size force iraqu.s. cuts proposed size force iraq proposal american troops iraq train mili...rtjust 9 months ago  mayor bloomberg proposed cutting  nypd pensions   ows  p2news u.s. cuts proposed size force iraq proposal american troops iraq to...   nytimesgood   nytimes u.s. cuts proposed size force iraqrtjust 9 months ago  mayor bloomberg proposed cutting  nypd pensions   ows  p2u.s. cuts proposed size force iraqrtjust 9 months ago  mayor bloomberg proposed cutting  nypd pensions   ows  p2check list  "knowmore.org publishes "proposed list demands  occupywallstreet"rtjust 9 months ago  mayor bloomberg proposed cutting  nypd pensions   ows  p2rtoccupywallstreet proposed basic income guarantee solution   occupylsx time discuss
brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drove pivotal run...rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesfor yankees  offseason hunt pitchingbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching serieswolf  brewers outfox cards game 4  4 2 pitching powering  brewers defeated st. louis 4 2  and...rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesfor yankees  offseason hunt pitching joe girardi defended players playof..."brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series  oh.dtn usa yankees  offseason hunt pitching joe girardi defended players ear...for yankees  offseason hunt pitching joe girardi defended players playof...nytimessports brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series"brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drove pivotal run...rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesfor yankees  offseason hunt pitching joe girardi defended players playof...news yankees  offseason hunt pitching joe girardi defended players ...   nytimesfor yankees  offseason hunt pitching
our planet brink collapse ...have fast .. time waste .nypd idlingpark shld deployed brooklyn capture multiple rapists loose. nypd=wastenypd idlingpark shld deployed brooklyn capture multiple rapists loose. nypd=wastertbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtoccupywallstreet getting fail  money wasted  usa military bases & wars benefit taxpayersrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsit adds time tools accomplish goal  added charges won allow ticket wasteoftimenot wasteland. shops empty freshwater. intentional dereliction. nice plan vision.rtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsows besides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiersesimated amount  brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans ect?  organizingrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owstry job "jackie" wish wasted life run chile protest  leech.we celebrate gone  trash rubbers cleaned up. wasted lives.rtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  ows" anonymous  hackers threat 2 nyse" waste time. election reform strikes roots (:) l. lessig)  pissinguprope  5concon  ows  usdorthegang & herd world waste time witty protest occupy
sources epstein leaves sox cubs theo epstein elected leave $161 million red sox mess an...it looking official   rttheo epstein headed chicago  cubs managerrtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtsays theo epstein  cubs deal.rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..oh shit  rtsources epstein leaves sox cubsrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..theo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red sox sources  viartrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..sources epstein leaves sox cubson baseball epstein expected leave red sox cubs officials red sox expected ge...rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager ..“rttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..
student nj community college stutters told speak class  /viaa11yrtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viaoccupy wall st protesters plan millionaires march homes 5 nyc wealthiest /via<they ll pizza & heroine 4 ?rtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via"very ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /via"wow neat“student jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via”rtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via/viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viain york city  nypd arrests occupy wall street rally  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via
r.i.p. rtrtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer     concise.rtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  lean la bio de este hombreif reading thank dennis ritchie...the fatherdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer mr. ritchie  inventor programming language ...dennis ritchie 70 dies  programming trailblazer  rip mr. ritchie  programmers owe careers   fbdennis ritchie  trailblazer digital era  dies 70  comments"ritchieeeeeeeeee"  “dennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerrtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerprincipal designer programming language + co eveloper unix  dennis ritchie  passed yesterday  vianytimes dennis ritchie  programming trailblazer  dies 70rtdennis ritchie  programming trailblazer  dies 70rtnew york times death dennis ritchierthere dennis ritchie  father  died today. contribution quiet enormous?????? ? dennis ritchie  ? ???????? ??? ??????????? ?? ? ?? unix  ?????? ?? s/w ??? mac  iphone  java ? androiddennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer mr. ritchie  inventor programming language ...rtlech walesa  former polish president  visit york support  occupywallstdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer mr. ritchie  inventor programming language ...
more evidence vitamin   >rtbreaking   evidence  hillary mastermind  gunwalker   takewallstreet   sep17african cave yields evidence prehistoric paint factorydid hear nypd planting evidence?rtviaevidence nypd positioned protect banks & corporations newscorp 6th ave   ows  15ortfurther evidence     ft sensible newspaper country (via)nyt > science   african cave yields evidence prehistoric paint factorythis fucked surprising  ... cops planting evidence innocent people meet quotasrtlies " humanitarian  war " libya evidence  (part 1)   nato  crimes  libya   takewallstreetrtwhoa. rtrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotas  viaof course phyical evidence nonsensertex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasrtviaevidence nypd positioned protect banks & corporations newscorp 6th ave   ows  15ortviaevidence nypd positioned protect banks & corporations newscorp 6th ave   ows  15ortex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotaswhy any1 arrest bankers? proof protester violations withholding evidence bankers?  owsevidence research overwhelming. won taking anymore. proper diet hydration only.more evidence vitamin“ex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotas  show.
rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtrt14 nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").   pwsrtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtrtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").
from note hunter dailykos  dare logical thread nightmare columnim happy tht little knowledge experience law. im proud of. witchhunt elsewheredon mantry deceive & co opt movement [they ll try]he loves crashing protest attention+political gains watchrtwhen people fear government  tyranny; government fears people  liberty  occupywallstreetrtyou escape responsibility tomorrow evading today. abe lincoln  occupywallstreetrtrecognize guys?  nypd hunt 4  series sexual assaults.  brooklynrtrtrtows despite rain  100  occupywallstreet demonstrators sleep beneath tarpsrtat center violence stands principle love. martin luther king  occupywallstreetthere assembly meeting hunter college  occupywallstreet  meetingrtrtrtows despite rain  100  occupywallstreet demonstrators sleep beneath tarpsrtyou escape responsibility tomorrow evading today. abe lincoln  occupywallstreetfor yankees  offseason hunt pitchingrtbreaking  occupydartmouth told huntsman thatrepresents majority americans. huntsman "i agree."surveillance video nypd manhunt gunman shot bronx police hunt gun totting thug...rtrecognize guys?  nypd hunt 4  series sexual assaults.  brooklynfor yankees  offseason hunt pitching joe girardi defended players playof...barrow journal (alaska) powerboat forklift  sacred whale hunt endures.rtrecognize guys?  nypd hunt 4  series sexual assaults.  brooklynrtremember gandhi "nonviolence weapon strong."  occupywallstreetdtn usa yankees  offseason hunt pitching joe girardi defended players ear...
rt"monsanto 5 dubious contributions planet   usdor  anoncorpwatch   anonymous  ows"angry   occupymelbourne  occupywallstreet  occupysydney banksters fortsgeisters country   involved local occupations    ows  usdor  occupysydney  occupyadlrtrtows  usdorone arrested  occupyseattle released (cont)rtneedsoftheoccupiers "we pool strength  solidarity  love & committment 2 together"““there left tyranny liberty  occupysydney  october15  ows  usdorwhat exactly  occupysydney about? solidarity  occupywallst commentary australian policies?rt15oct  15o rtthere left tyranny liberty  occupysydney  october15  usdorwhere people mic?  rtoccupysydney ga difficult tonight megaphone  needsoftheoccupiersjohn bellamy foster  "we  occupy "   occupysydney  occupymelbourne   ows  occupywallstreetrtoccupysydney  needsoftheoccupiers call books dropped @ occupy placert"monsanto 5 dubious contributions planet   usdor  anoncorpwatch   anonymous  ows"julian assange @  occupylsx viacorrupt banks  corrupt cash   occupysydney  occupywallstreet  occupymcrrtrtcia little criminal gang narco terrorists. don fooled. cash.  ows  usdorrtrtbetween 1989 & 2010 goldman sachs $36m   60% democrats 39% republicans  usdor   contributionsrtrtows  usdorone arrested  occupyseattle released (cont)rtpeople arrested close accts 555 lagaurdia livestream   ows  usdorrtattempted excuse fur invasion.......fail  viaantiwaroccupysydney   usdorrtoccupysydney  needsoftheoccupiers call books dropped @ occupy placethanks  occupywallstreet  occupyeverything  occupylsx  occupywallst  occupyla  occupywashsq  occupyvictoria  seoyour initial statement looks    occupylsx  occupyeverything  occupysydney  occupycairo  occupyauckland  occupywallst

rtwow. powerful video vet vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "rtcitizenradio marine nypd ‘no honor’ hurting civilianson  owsisn tourism. rtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared bit.ly/nllzev  owsrtrtu.s marine nypd honor this. none. takes coward hurt unarmed civilian   ows““veteran vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt (cont)occupywallstreet hitting hurts    fiat   nypd costs rise wall st protests continueoccupywallstreet hitting hurts    fiat   nypd costs rise wall st protests continueoccupywallstreet hitting hurts    fiat   nypd costs rise wall st protests continueoccupywallstreet hitting hurts    fiat   nypd costs rise wall st protests continuertrtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared   owsrtrttmrrw  withdrawyourmoney day. haven $$$ cred union? hit corrupt casino banks hurts.  usdor  owsrtbullhorn "we re concerned safety" rtnypd saying hurt 46th clearedrt>one marine nypd...stands ground...."there honor hurting unarmed americans"  ows  usdorrtquote day   ows disgruntled please read  prbly won help cudn hurt.  occupywallstreetrtrtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared   owsrtu.s marine nypd honor this. none. takes coward hurt unarmed civilian   owsthe truth hurts fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifiesrtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared   owsrt clever  ows  occupyslcrtrveteran vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "   owsrt>one marine nypd...stands ground...."there honor hurting unarmed americans"  ows  usdor
rt"you don petting zoo interact animals. pigs sheep " ~sn  occupywallstreetrtnypd cop whispered kids nyc zuccotti square "you guys doing job"  owsrtnypd cop whispered kids nyc zuccotti square "you guys doing job"  owsrtfrom army medic friend iraq "you tell hippiesto bring home " grew vt dairy farm gone  owsrtread chapter 5 "you re sick wall street greed" book conventional idiocy understand  occupywallstrt"you wnt clean something? clean crooks wall street "  councilmember charles ...rtlolol  rtnypd annouces  "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  owsrtlolol  rtnypd annouces  "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  owsrt"you clean something? clean crooks wall street "rtnypd annouces  "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  ows"you messed librarians start marching."    occupywallstreet sign.rtfrom army medic friend iraq "you tell hippiesto bring home " grew vt dairy farm gone  owsthingspeopleshouldnotdo harm  cruelty  evil  "you following "  nurnbergtrials  junevaconvention  nypd  owsrtnypd cop whispered kids nyc zuccotti square "you guys doing job"  owsrtfrom army medic friend iraq "you tell hippiesto bring home " grew vt dairy farm gone  owsrt<333 rt"you messed librarians start marching."    occupywallstreet sign.rthuge army yelling nypd "your supposed protect people [..] honor    ows  15ortrtnypd annouces "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  ows“"you clean something? clean crooks wall street " (cont)rt<333 rt"you messed librarians start marching."    occupywallstreet sign.rtfrom army medic friend iraq "you tell hippiesto bring home " grew vt dairy farm gone  ows
rtoccupywallstreet facebook page cleansing entries   removed  examples  ows anti semitism posted  hmmm  tcot  jewish  jewin york (this time) rtrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewrtthe jewish occupation wall street yom kippur   ows  palestine   usdoroccupydc  occupywallstreet ...  zionist  propaganda machine hopes winter  occupy  protesters  lol  weather  dc  obama  ows  jewishbus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...bus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...ugh. rtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewflatbush nypd searching suspect tried knock yid car e.18th.car damaged. viareligious freedom equal rights? bus segregation jewish women ny prompts reviewrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewnews bus segregation jewish women prompts reviewbus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...rtdrake mother love  married jewish girlrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewdtn usa bus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication ...bus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...rtbus segregation jewish women prompts review
rtanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartnew york security consultant thomas ryan waging campaign infiltrate discredit movement  owsrtcampaigns dependent pollsters consultants & tv times expensive rising cost lies  tyranny  & spin   usdorrtanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartcampaigns dependent pollsters consultants & tv times expensive rising cost lies  tyranny  & spin   usdorthomas ryan  nyc comp security consultant publishes entire  ows mailing list breitbart websitertanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartconservative security consultant reported  occupywallstreet protesters fbi nypd discredit movement    p2  owsrtconservative security consultant reported  occupywallstreet protesters fbi nypd discredit movement    p2  owsrtnew york security consultant thomas ryan waging campaign infiltrate discredit movement  owsrtcampaigns dependent pollsters consultants & tv times expensive rising cost lies  tyranny  & spin   usdorrtanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericanew york security consultant thomas ryan waging campaign infiltrate discredit movement  owsrtanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica
rtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtows  usdorthis txt  occupyseattle  cops surrounding... ppl witness help 10rtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationslove  ows  occupywallstreet  usdor aren trending...love  ows  occupywallstreet  usdor aren trending.rtoccupywallstreet protesters debate re actually demanding...now gone globalrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtcurrent campgn funding...serious profound impact issues considered congress & outcome  rep oh fingerhut  usdorrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsworth reading. rtdon  ows hijacked  warning tea party movementrtows  usdorthis txt  occupyseattle  cops surrounding... ppl witness help 10it spreading. rtsay hello tortows  usdorthis txt  occupyseattle  cops surrounding... ppl witness help 10occupyasheville help prepping winter  especially front federal building.  needsoftheoccupiers.rtows  usdorths txt  occupyseattle  cops surrounding...we ppl hre 2 witness & help 10occupywallstreet protests global movement. momentum building.rtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtows  usdorthis txt  occupyseattle  cops surrounding... ppl witness help 10rtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupations
rtrtwhite shirt fox nypd brutality video surrounded. & is. cameras.  whiteshirtriot  ows
rtorganizers protesters filled entire 40th 48th. estimate 60 000  occupywallstreet protesters times sq. tonight  owsrttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  picrttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  picrttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  picrtdid paid $1 taxes paid entire bank america?  occupywallstreet  boarttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  picrtat  occupywallst   ve seen inspiring entire life.rtdid paid $1 taxes paid entire bank america?  occupywallstreet  boartdid paid $1 taxes paid entire bank america?  occupywallstreet  boarttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  picyes  feet run over. photos entire event.ows notes  cbs local am news trying ridicule"organizer entire event" "demands vague now"  occupywallstrtthe entire park protecting tent.  nypdrtrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsrtrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsrtdid paid $1 taxes paid entire bank america?  occupywallstreet  boathomas ryan  nyc comp security consultant publishes entire  ows mailing list breitbart websitertdan devotes entire program  occupywallstreet "taking street"   owsrtrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsgod  occupywallstreet entire world watching 10 sad ago city ny changed forever. prayers & faith.rttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  pic

the pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthank teachers labor fighting children 99%.the pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwondering wrong education? teachers  absolutely disgusting.rtteachers joining occupation wall street  philly   occupywallstreet  occupyphillyat york schools  finding time exercise amid budget cuts testing pressures  york teachers a...rtthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtevery week passes  overtime spent nypd  ows pay salaries 10 public school teachers year.  funfactsthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetnyc laid 300 teachers lack $$$ week allotted $1.9m nypd ot  ows.  hmmmmteachers teach  post pics national teach ins public spaces   ed  occupywallst  occupyphillyteachers soliciting donations necessitiesthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrthedge fund managers $1 billion pay lower effective tax rate teachers.  ows  occupywallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrtthanks consensus democracy  people leaders rthow leaderless mvmnt unofficial events?  owsrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdin nh  surrounding guy..rtwhere police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrtwhere police teaparty "patriots" bringing loaded guns political events?  nypd  occupywallstreet  ows  p2rti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypd+1i question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypd
rthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouservertbank america $14 mill political campaigns. seiu $37 million. worse?  usdor  ows  occupywallstrtrtso corporation guy hire cop $37/hr w/ taxpayers paying medical pension~who really...rtows nyc corporations pay average $37 hour nypd  gun  handcuffs ability arrest. (white shirts)so bailed banks donate $4.6m nypd ( buy cops $37/hr   occupywallstso bailed banks donate $4.6m nypd ( buy cops $37/hrrthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserveows nyc corporations pay average $37 hour nypd  gun  handcuffs ability arrest. (white shirts)ows  nypd " paid detail unit " =  white shirt cops   $37 hour  paid jp morgan read   viartrtows  nypd " paid detail unit " =  white shirt cops   $37 hour  paid (cont)ows donations  hire white shirt cops nypd protect  $37 hour  benefits included.rthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserve
rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtin 2008 obama $1m+ campaign donations goldman sachs employees. cycle $45k.rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owspoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   ows    majority. dems?rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsfetal abduction  suspect held $1m bond milwaukee woman accused abducting pregnant mother cuttin...rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   ows
rtthe footnote dead. live footnotertdear hollywood stop cop nypd look brains conscience. don buy anymore  occupywallstreetpresstorm  brainstorm. am thinking starting  occupyinstitutions movement. papers. screw  usdorkeep peaceful. riots & violence lead crack down. brains nypd waiting it.  occupywallstreet  owsfacebook users friends bigger brains  study   york daily news york daily newsfaceb...facebook friends related size brain wondering send friend request? stud...truly    rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallst… (cont)rtspot rtdecades calvin & hobbes comicstrip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtthe brains bilingual babies  fascinating piece nytrt...  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?rtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viafacebook users friends bigger brains  study  bad science disinformationwoman beat pipe mcdonald cashier permanent brain damage ...facebook users friends bigger brains  study finds....ohrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementnyt blog forced exercise effects brain   health  health_newsrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementis brain does?rtmayor bloomberg schallenge "has triggered extraordinary eruption value brain power"what parkinson teaches brain forced exercise eases symptoms patients parkinson diseas...
time shutdown wars  wage people power earth revolution  land  protect/restore ecology  achieve economic justice  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet  warstreet repin  99%rt  (before 2 censored)    u.s troops speak bankers  wars  mediart    > u.s troops speak bankers  wars  media and...    ows  usdorrtoccupywallstreet getting fail  money wasted  usa military bases & wars benefit taxpayersrttransparent gov t. reformation modern age. politicians priests selling favors. wage wars empire bastardized ideology.  usdorto fix deficit  wars  defund military  tax rich. qs how2 fix america?  occupywallstreetppl earth  riot police near peaceful protesters  hum star wars imperial music   owsrtwashington dreams & futures   ows  october2011  usdor  antiwar  endwarsnow  p2  tlot  tcot  1u  p21new york comic con 2011  star wars  actor mark hamill focus ... hamill directed firs...rtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetrttransparent gov t. reformation modern age. politicians priests selling favors. wage wars empire bastardized ideology.  usdorrtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetnew york comic con 2011  star wars  actor mark hamill focus ... hamill directed firs...new york comic con 2011  star wars  actor mark hamill focus ... project "a fresh...new york comic con 2011  star wars  actor mark hamill focus ... hamill directed firs...new york comic con 2011  star wars  actor mark hamill focus ... hamill directed firs...holy crap  looks star wars  “riot police  ready work.  occupywallstreet  owsrtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreettime shutdown wars  wage people power earth revolution  land  protect/restore ecology  achieve economic justice  occupywallstreetnew york comic con 2011  star wars  actor mark hamill focus ... mark hamill  famously pla...
rtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtmy wonderful wife pizzas washington square. revolution televised  libertartrtcan help w/  sanitation  occupywashingtonsquare tonight? meet 6pm sanitation   libertyplazaautofollow york timesbad blood perry romney longstandingnew york timeswashingto...   ffrtupdate via  occupykst ga 20k presently  libertyplaza  40k  washingtonsquare. plz rtrtnote retracting earlier  libertyplaza  washingtonsquare crowd estimates. stay tuned. plz rtrtrtupdate  occupykst ga 20k presently  libertyplaza  40k  washingtonsquare. plz  cdnpoli  occupycanadapolice fear factor “crowd "control"  ows standoff  washingtonsquare parkrtnot pony 200+  nypd officers shut  ows  washingtonsquare park.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtdearthere vegan earth mother pie coming washinton square boots me.thousands  wallstreet protesters march  washingtonsquare park  hold peaceful meeting apne.ws/nb8kld  cj  owsrtoccupy washington  dc stays freedom plaza    oct6   usdor   occupywallstreet ...rti donated money veteran friend driving nc human powered washing machine   arriving monday““6k marching washington sq  headed times sq. meet   ows  15oct  usdor””ows urgent " nypd police getting ready raid park"  washingtonsquare  occupywallstreet plznyscanner manhattan washington square park  nypd notified protesters park close midnight. multiple arrests made.  occupywallstreet
rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.either tuned late wasn on. nbc nightly news over. occupation.rtbloomberg snl wasn snl? | york daily newsit wasn me. re free check stream. don fight re in.mayor bloomberg play  snl  mayor bloomberg wasn insulted ridiculed saturday n...on campus  taking fashion seriously  wasn school was... "something hbcus freshmen worry about".rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtrttalked nypd brothers. 1  ows. wasn wearing blues herefunny  remembertelling wasn edl member....source vague. article gothamist wikipedia piece. decided wasn worth pursuing.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.bloomberg snl wasn snl? | york daily newsrtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.but wasn contention stuff worse  contention occupy mvmt facing worse.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.(cont) cops shutting street marches 5 mins notice. mayor wasn  turned. happen phwasn nypd blue? pffft...so agoi told yall kanye wasnet bad all.that negative. lyndon johnson won. nixon wasn ballot  goldwater nominee.sunburt & breath. impressive ways. win   ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreet  oct15 &  nypd wasn bad  wow.
rtrtrtdear  nypd  $4.6m arrest us? se… (cont)
rt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrtdinner w. garden salsa sun chips shizzle.  occupywallstreetupdatesays occupy wall street hipster cop dinner   occupymyheartrttook dad dinner birthday.  wow.  knickers twist  bout wholestre .rt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdora vegan dinner party autumn appetite nytimescom fall ideal time dinner party withou...rtwe live protesters headed mayor bloomberg dinner party   occupywallstreet  owsrtdinner w. garden salsa sun chips shizzle.  occupywallstreetrt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorpacer pick dinner tab arena workers indiana pacers forward danny granger plans arena...   nbaplans conseco fieldhouse workers dinner  nbalockout  gift  |rtwhat f*@  dinner?  cookbook offers profanity laced recipes   funny  eatcraprtupdatesays occupy wall street hipster cop dinner   occupymyheartrt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrttook dad dinner birthday.  wow.  knickers twist  bout wholestreet thing.rt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrtthree girl killed mom boyfriend eating dinner timert3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrtwe live protesters headed mayor bloomberg dinner party   occupywallstreet  ows
nytimes african cave  signs ancient paint factoryafrican cave yields evidence prehistoric paint factorythe white historic photo shoot planned african americans broadway  proud filmed eventrt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.nyt > science   african cave yields evidence prehistoric paint factoryrt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rtin african cave  signs ancient paint factory  viart85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rtafrican americans 25% york city residents  3% nypd police force.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.cool science african cave  signs ancient paint factoryafricans female genital cutting  step forward women rights women healthrt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.weaving abstraction kuba textiles & woven  art central african women   saturday vrt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.
i believeis able  ows brick weed carries times. don worry  secret safe.rtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  ows (via)rtend lobbying “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”rtend corporate campaign financing “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”rtdisband/reform federal reserve “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”rt1%tax wall street transactions “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”rtmake corruption dc treason &punishable life sentence “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”rtlet fixin stuff   “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”rtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtap  nypd spent $1.9 million  overtime pay  patrol near zuccotti park.  occupywallstrtpatrolling protests cost  nypd close $2 million  overtime pay  (article)  occupywallstrtmtletter zuccotti park owners  nypd "to help park" cleaned.   occupywallstrt71 protesters arrested times squarereports  ows (cc)rtlive steam  occupywallst  ows  (via)rtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  ows (via)rtfederal judge tells police ticket occupy cincinnati protesters  (article) (via)  owsrtap protesters feed media remaining cautious  (article)  ows(via)rtmtannouncement   local residents call version  311 w/ quality life concerns 917 524 7811  owsrta model government built coming months.  ows blueprint generation?
brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drove pivotal run...rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series"brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series  oh.nytimessports brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series"brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drove pivotal run...rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrt"brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series  :pi 2 start watching rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drov...brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drove pivotal run...brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drove pivotal run...rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series
rtthe photo infuriate nypd  peaceful officer.  wearethe99percent  owsrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitepeople happen ago  failure learn & pass  wearethegovernmentreallyiquit rtis beyonce wearing fake baby bump?what wear protest?rtgreat photos  occupymilwaukee   wearethe99  occupywallstrtwanna don belong  occupywallstreet? re wearing gold fronts. class.15m   yosalgo15o cibeles   wearechange  globalchangertjc clothes  towels  sleeping bags  medical supplies occupiers     needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99rtthese rebuttals  wingnut trolls. study    viaoccupywallstreet  ows  weare99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtjust arrived  washingtonsquare massive air  party singing dancing  ows  nyc  wearethe99rtows "we prepared sleeping gear food assembly decides occupy park"  washingtonsquare  wearethe99does apply anchormen? rtcan wearing makeup boost chances getting work?rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.i beand. future.  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtthree wealthiest families world assets combined wealth forty eight poorest nations  occupywallstreet:) rtit sleepytime. goodnight don banksters bite   ows  usdor  weare99%rtwe desperate generator  dedicated laptop 4g hotspot jersey city  needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99
nypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama nearly 20 ago  steven b...nypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama nearly 20 ago  steven bochco david milc...nbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtsteven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbc  | ooooh  newsqualitytv.   steven bochco & david milch reunite nbc legal drama.rtbreaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...thursday 10 mtsteven bochco & david milch reunite develop legal drama nbc“breaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtnypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc dramanypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama   tv guide   policenewsrtbreaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtbreaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrtnypdblue creators bochco milch reunite nbc dramartmilch intriguing. rtsteven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcsweet  rtbreaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcnypdblue creators bochco milch reunite nbc dramanypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama nearly 20 ago  steven bochco david milc...
nypd detective helps cardiac arrest columbus day paradegun violence mars columbus day weekend ten people shot frightening rash violence city ...newark  laguardia  jfk hit records central park shy record 86  nocomplaints warm thru columbus dayrtoccupy wall street hitting critical mass columbus day... bigger | alternet   occupywallstnyc  owsthat news  rtcolumbusday nyc subway service operatng regular weekday schedule today.rtwall street resistance event celebrating genocide america columbus day &  indigenous peoplerthappycolumbusday  watch wabc 7 12 3pm sb marching band  dance team & wolfie  fbon  rtwe invite watch. nyc columbus day parade channel 7 7online noonrtnewark  laguardia  jfk hit records central park shy record 86  nocomplaints warm thru columbus dayoccupywallstreet stock market boomed 1942 columbus sailed ocean blue malcolm  perryhistoryrthappycolumbusday  watch wabc 7 12 3pm sb marching band  dance team & wolfie  fbgun violence mars columbus day weekend ten people shot frightening rash violence city ...no thanks rtwatch live coverage columbus day parade york city starting noon channel 7 7online:rtdon forget feed meter columbus day   nypd force ticketing cars don feed meter.occupy wall street hitting critical mass columbus day... bigger | alternet   occupywallstnyc  owswhat mind? (columbus day edition) | york daily newsrtall day week heart goes guys  un columbus day...spread educationrtcolumbusday minor tweaks am pm rush schedule due lower no… (cont)rtdon forget feed meter columbus day   nypd force ticketing cars don feed meter.rtdon forget feed meter columbus day   nypd force ticketing cars don feed meter.occupycolumbus day 1     occupywallst  occupyeverywhere
rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersplz rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersfrom ows comical. water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtplz rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupysanantonio desperately fresh water  bottled jugs  water filtration system.  needsoftheoccupiers
ap cia doing nypd? depends whom ask. makes obama bush. controls cia directlyrtwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom cia doing nypd? depends whomrtwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom months ago  cia experienced clandest...ap cia doing nypd? depends whom ask.depends consider getting arrested brawl nypd "effective"what cia doing nypd? depends whom      (ap) ap   months ago  cia ...   middleeastwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom   abc  news  an247what cia doing nypd? depends whom      (ap) ap   months ago  cia exper...what cia doing nypd? depends whom \n    (ap)\n ap   months ago  cia ex...cia doing nypd? depends whom  delmavanow     owsrtwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom  delmavanow     owswhat cia doing nypd? depends whom | ...  serving amman  station...   asematyap ||  cia doing  nypd? depends whom   owswhat cia doing nypd? depends whom   associated presswhat cia doing nypd? depends whom  viawhat cia doing nypd? depends whom \n    (ap)\n ap   months ago  cia ex...what cia doing nypd? depends whomrtrtwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom ...   owsap cia doing nypd? depends whom ask.re  ows ed & maddow decent seats @  occupywallstreet depends guys behave. watchingwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom months ago…

dearthe  needsoftheoccupiersinclude musicians    help?  occupywallstreet
rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal   ows  blackedurtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rt1st start educating da ppl occupying & wat da goal ppe confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.
why elites trouble   explains  occupywallstreet perfectly   please readrtaustrian economist steve horwitz explains free market "we ve power."   occupywallst  teapartyrtaustrian economist steve horwitz explains free market "we ve power."   occupywallst  teapartytruly    rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallst… (cont)rtspot rtdecades calvin & hobbes comicstrip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viamarine explains world nypd  owsrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementsan diego explains  ows   heh    iamthe53  tcot  occupywallstreet  p2rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementdecades calvin hobbes comic succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtnot irrelevant uk rtthis explains  occupywallstreet & suggests historic changesrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viachristie explains endorsed mitt run vp jersey gov. chris christie mitt romney ...anonymous protester explains  occupywallstreet

rtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitemultiple protests converge art institute  chicago     occupywallstreetrtrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitetake times square massive convergence (oct 15 @ times square)  viartmultiple marches converge times square 5pm 10/15 nycga.net   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupy  owsrtrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whiteidiots & morons converge demand free stuff subsidize slacker lifestyle.  occupywallstreetrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear white
occupy prison hundreds  protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...   arrest all...  owsrtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...occupyprison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...  viartoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver..."occupy  prison:100s ofprotesters arrested chicago phoenix  raleigh denver... peacefuloutofworksoulsrtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...occupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...occupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy prison hundreds  protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...   arrest all...  owsrtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...new name  “occupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...
ny jets rex ryan finish week win miami dolphins ...   york daily news york...rtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflpr9anthonyryan browsing scouting report   jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari...rtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtrex ryan chargers won couple super bowls hired 2007   nflrtrt(sen building cap hill) rtcap. police ready 4 planned  occupydc...roses thank you...really chuffedsports  bryant gumbel stern modern plantation overseer. 4 me.   fbrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nfl"gary myers time ny jets coach rex ryan control offense uglier   nyj"rtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrt“wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question brian schottenheimer system  wowrtnew york security consultant thomas ryan waging campaign infiltrate discredit movement  owsrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflny jets rex ryan finish week win miami dolphins ...rtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtjets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc schottenheimer systemrtawesome picture crowd 20 000 above.  occupywallstreet takes times square.   nyc  p2  tcot  owspr9anthonyryan browsing scouting report   jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari...pr9anthonyryan browsing scouting report   jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari...rtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nfl
man wife stolen cremated remains neighbor punched thief ...rtoccupysf livestreaming)macbookpro stolen comms booth night. spare laptop/webcam/equip?  needsoftheoccupiers (pls rt)we retake freedom stolen people  altogether. join occupy wall street occupy city.rtre zuccotti park   fyi — brookfield global real estate produce title  stolenland       occupywallst  takewallstreetrtattention nypd   time join  future stolen bankers  too.the 99 percent wins? rtmore $100k ipads stolen buy   newyorkcitycheers  tap  stolen & sold americansrtquote | wealth bad. stolen wealth is.  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupyoakland | via| wealth people.rtattention nypd   time join  future stolen bankers  too.rtcheck craigslist hour rtmore $100k ipads stolen buy (via)   newyorkcityrtoccupysf livestreaming)macbookpro stolen comms booth night. spare laptop/webcam/equip?  needsoftheoccupiers (pls rt)we retake freedom stolen people  altogether. join occupy wall street occupy city.rtoccupysf livestreaming)macbookpro stolen comms booth night. spare laptop/webcam/equip?  needsoftheoccupiers (pls rt)50 foot bridge stolen western pa.rtrtcache powered weapons stolen swat training sitertcache powered weapons stolen la swat team training site;  embar..rtcheck craigslist hour rtmore $100k ipads stolen buy (via)  newyorkcityrtcheck craigslist hour rtmore $100k ipads stolen buy (via)   newyorkcityi feel sorry owners damaged vehicles. pay damages stolen nypd car crashed mine.no leads thief 50 foot bridge stolen scrap metal western pennsylvaniartwe stand  solidarity  99percent voices stolen corruption democrati… (cont)
occupywallstreet special:canadian caption writer goes rogue & takes down celebrities   occupytogether  ows  usdorrtamazing  globe & mail caption writer hijacks celeb photos slideshow  occupywallstbrilliant caption writer hijacks globe mail "celebrity photos week" photos w.  occupywallstreet supportrtpeople awesome. canadian newspaper caption writer sabotages celebrity photo page  occupywallstreet »rtrogue caption writer brings  occupywallstreet leb fashion worldcaption writer goes rouge  look re online   occupywallstreetrtrtamazing  globe & mail caption writer hijacks celeb photos slideshow  occupywallstpeople awesome. canadian newspaper caption writer sabotages celebrity photo page  occupywallstreet »rtamazing  globe & mail caption writer hijacks celeb photos slideshow  occupywallstrtamazing  globe & mail caption writer hijacks celeb photos slideshow  occupywallstrtamazing  globe & mail caption writer hijacks celeb photos slideshow  occupywallstrtpeople awesome. canadian newspaper caption writer sabotages celebrity photo page  occupywallstreet »occupywallst rt“classic caption writer goes rogue. click rerthuman mic closed captioning  occupywallstreet. scribe types  projected onto screen.occupywallstreet special canadian caption writer goes rogue & takes celebrities   p2  tcot  ows  mustseertrtoccupywallst + veuve clicquot rtcaption writer goes rogue. click thru b4 rertamazing  globe & mail caption writer hijacks celeb photos slideshow  occupywallstrtclassic caption writer goes rogue. click thru rertsomebody getting fired   readthecaptions  occupywallstreetglad hear  occupywallstreet innovation closed captioning projected screen ga s.  p2nyc  owsrtrtamazing  globe & mail caption writer hijacks celeb photos slideshow  occupywallst
demonstrator dresses jesus christ  occupylondon "i threw money lenders reason."   occupywallstreetrt breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrtanon ops    ourwallstreet protesters  occupylondon stock exchange   occupyamericart breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrt breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrt breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentbreaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentbreaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrt breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percenti post twitter bankers steal poor  timejust imagineway  occupylondon  occupylsx  occupywallstreetrtopesr  antisec  fss34 julian assange arrested  occupylondon rtrtfor world wide sit ins followrtanon ops    ourwallstreet protesters  occupylondon stock exchange   occupyamericaendcorporatesubsidies now. spread message.rtopesr  antisec  fss34 julian assange arrested  occupylondon rtrtanon ops    ourwallstreet protesters  occupylondon stock exchange   occupyamericartrtpolice using shields batons peaceful seated protestors.  occupylondoncool short film  occupylondon protests   occupylsx  occupywallstreet
rtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtmainstreet paying wallstreets trainwreck...   occupyla  occcupywallstreetrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallst   ows  ocuppyrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtcongratulations winning battle   onward........  owsocccupywallstreet  occupylartplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallstrtplease re tweet pic quote rep. peter king  occcupywallst
i probably wouldn care  occupywallstreet ifandweren passionate. buch dicks  guys.former ny giants captain antonio pierce wouldn tolerated own comments justin tuckbrooks sitting woodstock  wouldn guessed nixon win youth vote 1972.rtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.andrew dumbfart wouldn jumped cake lapdancertipab wouldn death panels. rationing board. gop talk nonstop. detailsipab wouldn death panels. rationing board. gop talk nonstop. detailscan obama strike alliance  occupywallst ? wouldn  ows selling that?  occupydenver  copolsrtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.star parker occupywallstreet list demands wouldn pas muster average kindergarten classrtcould  wouldn t. ok  jp morgan/chase donated $4.6m nypd recently. who?  owsrtows rtrtmaybecould buy park brookfield wouldn  evera month rain wouldn it. re fighting country future. re staying.owsrtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.rtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.excellent idea  rtserious tweet    wouldn occupy street rally effective?   ows   occupywallstreetrtboom  rtifcared sanitation wouldn blocked porta potties dumpsters.wouldn nice home mommy daddy  rent  food gobble  mommy washing.rtboom  rtifcared sanitation wouldn blocked porta potties dumpsters.serious tweet    wouldn occupy street rally effective?   ows   occupywallstreetrtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.
rtstand  occupywallst demand real democracy  // democracy mob rule   whoever mob control
nypd slangin setting dudes up. "about york drugs? policeformer detective nypd planted drugs people meet drug arrest quotas | | alternetthis nypd operates. beware...they plant drugs you.nypd admits planting drugs  via"get scum bags streets". nypd admits planting drugs  viartnypd cop routinely plant drugs innocentsrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotas???? ????? ?????? “ fox plenty drugs  occupywallstreet & felons hiding there~how called news?  ows”rtformer detectives admit planting drugs innocent meet arrest quotas  failed "war drugs"rtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotas“oct 13   nypd officer admits planting drugs innocent people meet arrest quotas    =(rt"“nypd officer admits planting drugs innocent people    =(" sprinkle crack him... =(a whistle blower steps forward nypd planted drugs innocent fill quotas —nypd cop admits planting drugs innocent people meet quota.freeloading  occupywallstreet protesters fight rights    partay    trustfundbabies  sex  drugs  food   owsdrugs undercover officers frame people phantom drug sales.  viadrugwar  nypdrtformer nyc detective admits nypd planted drugs meet arrest quotas  surprisesurprisewednesday  oct. 19 former nypd narcotics bureau lieutenant speaks war drugs former nypd narcotics...new blog post nypd bottle drugs rattle; baby dies   wall street journalrtnypd detective admits officers planted drugs innocents arrest quotasoccupybigpharma    ows  protestsdrugs  pharna  drugwar  corporatism
rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtrt14 nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").   pwsrtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtrtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").
romney looks past rivals debate focuses economy   york times york timesromney looks past rivals a...republican debates hot ticket tv   york timesdo perry mistake night debate cost race gop presidential nomination?occupydenver  protesters debate move 11 p.m. deadline approaches   ows  stopthemach2011  occupydc  usdorrtoccupywallstreet mentioned presidential debate...keep yelling americarti support  occupywallstreet  furthermore  tactical genius official demands = forced public debate.they try disenfranchise obama voters  goal focus.and quota arrests regard lives trample.the guns trampled indigenous  black  brown  yellow  white.this wtf im talking remember debate class (fuck nypd) theresrtoccupywallstreet protesters debate re actually demanding...now gone globalgop debate candidates easy eight republican presidential contenders b...cain beats bam 43% 41% poll herman cain enters republican presidential debate tuesday night ...herman cain beats president obama poll gop debate tapgo google. type "lincoln liberty tyranny" read quote. debate land?rtprovides forum debate aboutcall oversight nypdrt[new article] slow unsteady debate perryrtromney  perry debate  lead | york daily news   goprepublican candidates debate divide economy fresh air confidence candidacy  mitt romney...rtrepublican candidates debate divide economyroom debate running commentary news tom lutz author "doing history loafer...
rtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday released israeli soldier captured mo...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday released israeli soldier captured mo...rtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtculture war over.  lost.  usdor  govt  press  & civic space captured powerful factions.   usdorrtframers created method escaping captured government—an article constitutional convention.   usdorrtour political parties corrupt. gov captured. solution. bypass corrupted congress articleisrael reaches deal free captured soldier israelis reached tentative deal hamas free s..."israel mulls deal free captured soldierrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtculture war over.  lost.  usdor  govt  press  & civic space captured powerful factions.   usdorrtculture war over.  lost.  usdor  govt  press  & civic space captured powerful factions.   usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdoras  occupywallst  occupyeverywhere watch developments captured social channels ~rtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtculture war over.  lost.  usdor  govt  press  & civic space captured powerful factions.   usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtframers created method escaping captured government—an article constitutional convention.   usdor
rtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtand public   ows “in private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtows rtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetin private  bankers dismiss  occupywallstreet unsophisticated (is crime?)rtlawyers representing  occupywallstreet jam court system aren dismissed..insult  cool. dismissive. clarification. refuse. okay. peace.rtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtlawyers representing  occupywallstreet jam court system aren dismissed.rtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetdismiss charges occupy courts  lawyers  owsbut dismiss parties calling repugnantrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetto release song blastingafter dismissal mnf   tcot  twisters  p2  teapartyrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreet
rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtmtrtsorryour approval rating yours. bad feelings.   owsheywe’re excited anchor vivian lee wed moderating discussion kyopo project"editor admits ‘infiltrating’ d.c. protest undermine ‘occupy’ movement  shamerti am curating list blog sites dedicated  occupywallstreet   add list     99percent share thismayor&should afraid  ows protesters approval rating=67% mayor ratingrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsforza 4 article rating racers provide incentive perfect  drifting ...driver san francisco article rating   york daily newsrthow cyber security guy infiltrating  ows sharing info w/ fbi  nypdrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtwall street resistance event celebrating genocide america columbus day &  indigenous peoplertrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsremember saying ashton kutcher twitter following boon half ratings?rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsnypd generating terrible pr nyc increasing support  ows. heavy handed response  selective law enforcement idiotic.rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtoprah winfrey ratings crash  popularity follows obama downwards.   tcotny giants de osi umenyiora rips michael strahan  antonio pierce chasing tv ratings
breaking news  ows  occupywallstwarren buffett son defends owsrt71 protesters arrested times square   ows  breakingrtbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  takewallstreet  owsrtows  usdor breaking news dr. cornel west arrested carrying sign steps supreme court. please retweet.“71 protesters arrested times square occupy wall street demonstration  ny daily news  lots pics“gulf shrimp scarce season; answers      signing article.rtrtbreakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiestrtbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  ows protesters  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt71 protesters arrested times square occupy wall street demonstration   ny daily newsrt71 protesters arrested times square occupy wall street demonstration   ny daily newsrt71 protesters arrested times square occupy wall street demonstration   ny daily newsbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica71 protesters arrested times square occupy wall street demonstration   ny daily newsrtus cia officer holds mystery job nypd  despite cia prohibited spying domestically     breaking news buzzrt:“breakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiestrtanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericabreaking   cops surround occupy seattle protesters  saying leave park    cop  corruptionrt71 protesters arrested times square   ows  breaking
solarpowered  ship pv power  oceantransportationis dream act pipe dream? tale immigrants reveals decades  broken  deportation systemnew petition  amendment regarding corportations. voice  nationice officer arrested pot smuggling speed chase deportation officer u.s. immigration c...most importatnt money politics demand ows     occupywallstnyc livewatch back... crashstat celeste katz pedestrian advocate transportation alternatives launche...ice officer arrested pot smuggling speed chase deportation officer u.s. immigration c...rtice officer arrested pot smuggling speed chase deportation officer u.s. immigration c...ice officer arrested pot smuggling speed chase deportation officer u.s. immigration c...rtisrael violates international law deportations palestinians   gaza prisoner swap deal   edllets control banking  energy  education  healthcare  communication  transportation security."ray lahood resign transportation secretary" ... bet  occupywallstgood anti greed protests run abc   occupywallstreetare latinos bearing weight obama deportation program?fatal accident focus deportation program       usfatal accident focus deportation program       usfatal accident focus deportation program       usfatal accident focus deportation program       usfatal accident focus deportation program       usfatal accident focus deportation program       usqueens mom  daughter avoid deportation bangladesh york (cbsnewyork) — local mother daughter queens  se...

woman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hers  <~wack jobinteresting view   pregnant mom  unborn baby killed  fetal abduction ...    worth checking outpregnant mom  unborn baby killed  fetal abduction  woman faked pregnancy wisconsin prosecutors w...oklahoma mom cancer refused chemotherapy save life unborn child dottie..rtpregnant mom  unborn baby killed  fetal abduction  woman faked pregnancy | me.srtwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hersrtsick evil world live “woman kills pregnant mom forcibly removes  unborn baby pretends hersunspeakable rtwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends herssatan herepregnant mom  unborn baby killed  fetal abduction  woman faked pregnancyomg    crazy rtwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hersrtwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hersoklahoma mom cancer refused chemotherapy save life unborn child dottie maertwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends herspregnant mom  unborn baby killed  fetal abduction  woman faked pregnancy wisconsin prosecutors w...what hell "woman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hersrtwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hers   fb"oklahoma mom cancer refused chemotherapy save life unborn child dottie mae"   motheroftheyearrtwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hersproof darkness   rtwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby   pretends hersrto_o what?  rtwoman kills pregnant mom   forcibly removes  unborn baby & pretends hers nydn.us/qbgczisick evil world live “woman kills pregnant mom forcibly removes  unborn baby pretends hers
autofollow york timesbad blood perry romney longstandingnew york timeswashingto...   ffdo perry mistake night debate cost race gop presidential nomination?regardless agree protestors nypd line   representbad blood perry romney longstanding   york times ctv.cabad blood perry romney is...new york timesbad blood perry romney longstandingnew york timeswashington — hostilities flari...rt[new article] slow unsteady debate perryrtromney  perry debate  lead | york daily news   goprtromney perry history clashesyesthe american rev 16th century peoples rev sep17th  2011   ows  occupy  usdor  cnn  foxrtiowa caucuses unpredictable romney perry mitt romney rick perry cand...  nytrtif  occupywallstreet spend night  rick perry head available.  gopdebateoccupywallstreet stock market boomed 1942 columbus sailed ocean blue malcolm  perryhistoryrtromney perry history clashesiowa caucuses unpredictable romney perryromney perry history clashesnews romney perry history clashesrtromney perry history clashesrtyesthe american rev 16th century peoples rev sep17th  2011   ows  occupy  usdor  cnn  foxrtperry misses revolutionary war date centuries post debate q&aquestions raised perry campaign reimbursements private plane fec rule “is tough regulat...romney perry history clashes hostilities flaring mitt romney gov. rick perry texas m...
rtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorproclaimation revolution   people world  solidarity occupy wall (cont)proclaimation revolution   people world  solidarity occupy wall (cont)rtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorcostumed  super hero  phoenix jones reveals true identity seattle self proclaimed crime fighter phoenix jone...costumed  super hero  phoenix jones reveals true identity seattle self proclaimed crime fighter phoenix jone...rtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorcostumed  super hero  phoenix jones reveals true identity seattle self proclaimed crime fighter phoenix jone...rtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorwho proclaim born serfdom reason genius...  needsoftheoccupiersrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdorrtrt"it sad stupid proclaim yourself revolutionary decent man." thoreau  ows  usdor
rtmultiple people shot newark
rtspeakers  occupywallst allowed microphones. democratic. republican. authoritarian regime stuff.rtoccupyboston bigger you.  saving left democratic ...the corporate backers democratic partyrtfantastic video explaining democratic consensus procedure  occupywallstreet   occupywallst  owsislamist [rashid al ghanoushi] imagines democratic future  tunisia  viaarabspringrtamerican ppl reclaiming institutions democratic society.  public square.  press. elections.    usdorrtboth parties corrupt. future democratic republic horserace bottom.  denial powerful.   usdor  owsrtrachid al ghannouchi imagines democratic future tunisiarta vibrant public sq civic space fundamental cornerstone democratic rep. comes myriad ideas & solutions.   usdor  owsrachid al ghannouchi imagines democratic future tunisia democracy islam coexist tunisia  rachid ...««both parties corrupt. future democratic republic (cont)rtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15othe democratic party imperfect advocate  enemy. win it.rt theyre desparate democratic party  bipartisanship isn registering themwhy  occupywallstreet scares  democratic party? |rta vibrant public sq civic space fundamental cornerstone democratic rep. comes myriad ideas & solutions.   usdor  owsrtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortboth parties corrupt. future democratic republic horserace bottom.  denial powerful.   usdor  owsrachid al ghannouchi imagines democratic future tunisiartamerican ppl reclaiming institutions democratic society.  public square.  press. elections.    usdorrtboth parties corrupt. future democratic republic horserace bottom.  denial powerful.   usdor  ows

rtforeclosure filings   ows  99percent  occupyla  occupyriverside  redlands  occupywallst cartoon:on olbermann wall st threatening contributions pols support ows.  means acct. closures & protestors?emergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet tomorrow >>rtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsemergency call action prevent forcible closure occupy wall street   |rtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsemergency call action prevent forcible closure occupy wall street   |rtoccupywallstreet mr. auctioneer  yorkers call moratorium foreclosures. organizi.. ~owsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtcity 9 arrested protest foreclosure auctionrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtbrookfield global real estate produce title  stolenland  occupywallst  forclosure  ows  occupytogether  owsrtcity 9 arrested protest foreclosure auctionrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonops9 arrested protest foreclosure auction
“the bottom line  occupywallstreet protests? marc  values.  globalvoicesrttune tuesday video report capturing voices at. live 8am edtrtyou  individually  voices crowd.  re force nature.  globalchange  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtyou  individually  voices crowd.  re force nature.  globalchange  occupyearth  takewallstreetrthundreds 46th st allowed 2 enter (public) times square 2 join voices  occupytimessquarertyou  individually  voices crowd.  re force nature.  globalchange  occupyearth  takewallstreetoccupywallstreet   stand society voices heardrthundreds 46th st allowed 2 enter (public) times square 2 join voices  occupytimessquarertoccupywallstreet violence.    nypd 1% silence peoples  voices.  p2  ctl  ows  occupyoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newsrtyou  individually  voices crowd.  re force nature.  globalchange  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtyou  individually  voices crowd.  re force nature.  globalchange  occupyearth  takewallstreetoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newsoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newsrtwhoa. rtrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasrtoccupiers  voices heard americans elect 2012  owsas american nazi party voices support w/  ows anti defamation league silent antisemitism   mapoli  tcot  adlrthundreds 46th st allowed 2 enter (public) times square 2 join voices  occupytimessquarertyou  individually  voices crowd.  re force nature.  globalchange  occupyearth  takewallstreetoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily news
rtholy hypocrites     >  ows  occupywallst  99percent  usdor  usdayofrage  anonymous   tcotrtows  usdor  usdayofrage  99percent feed rich programrtrti involved. info.com ccoutlaw fitness  motivated struggles season ... tough predict travis outla...circumcision  "infliction preventable injury child & act outlawed…" menschhaitrtftisland   birds  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senate reverse citizens unitedangels outlaws beyond call dutywhen nypd detective sam mason discovers beloved angel a...the metropolitan etiquette authority outlaw campaign urban decorum   nytimes.comwho funding?  anonymous hackers set activist hedge fund   ows  usdor  usdayofragetcottholy hypocrites     >  ows  occupywallst  99percent  usdor  usdayofrage  anonymous   tcotows  usdor  usdayofrage  99percent feed rich programcity metropolitan etiquette authority outlaw campaign urban decorumrts/o people  frontline @  occupywallst ny cities  salutethe rich lazarus revisited    occupywallstreet  occupy  outlawpreachersrtoutlaw fitness  motivated struggles season ... tough predict travis outla...rtif banks outlawed  outlaws bankssuper baby   misook  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senate2pm   angel  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senatedalmatian   round 1  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senatesuper junior   bonamana  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senateb2st   oasis  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senate
rtwhat impresses media coverage  occupywallstreet inattentive sleeping factor social media ignition moment.police fear factor “crowd "control"  ows standoff  washingtonsquare parknytimes african cave  signs ancient paint factoryaustin powers  actor suspected killing cellmate los angeles   "austin powers" actor recently convicted...zachary quinto gay   star trek  actor reveals interview zachary quinto dissolving in...african cave yields evidence prehistoric paint factorythinks pot head  agitator  nuisance incapable finishing sentence. fascinating.rtcontractors defrauded dod rewarded $285 billion contracts   usdorrtanother $682 million 30 contractors convicted criminal fraud.   usdorjapan courts money nuclear reactors  selling abroadanother detractors don understand.  global generation.david hess  songwriter actor  dies 75rtour  occupywallstreet interview actor mark ruffalo ()   video   p2  ows  occupywallstwth  rtaustin powers  actor convicted brutal rape suspected killing cell mateactor mark ruffalo reads union leader eugene v. debs  famous speech 1918  note ref. wall st.   occupywallstrip charles napier  character actor accounts  dudenew york comic con 2011  star wars  actor mark hamill focus ... hamill directed firs...rtour  occupywallstreet interview actor mark ruffalo ()   video   p2  ows  occupywallstwowzers.  actor austin powers movie serving  lifeinprison accused death cellmate.nyt > science   african cave yields evidence prehistoric paint factoryrtneedsoftheoccupiers milkcrates fireextinguishers blankets contractorsizetrashbags  occupyboston
yes  crazies beating pepper spraying peaceful  resisting  nypd officers month.  owsoccupywallst history repeating polyester via    ...whats dam cops beating ppl occupy wall st. cops crookeddeath wage ecocide & perpetuate grotesque economic injustice  treating nature &people resources destroy  occupywallstreetfor bleating re racist. groundless.  youreboringmert3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdoru praise libya 4 prostesting beatings uncalled  protest chase pays nypd beat mace arrest okay?rtchocolate lovers rejoice  eating couple bars weekly cut risk stroke  studyrtnypd officer planned beating wall street protesters ahead march    caught camerai don hate wall street. lying  cheating stealing.  ows  occupy  occupywallstreetrt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrtus marine & nypd "i beating people..just grabbing people crowd"   occupyla  occupysf  occupyseattlertprotesters charges dropped ll clog courts...  | why? re creating jobs... lawyers.  owsrtnormally fan nypd treating protests competition. times sq  occupywallstreetstabbing  murder  robbery  raping  isn  nypd prevent& protect this? nope  re busy arresting& beating ppl  owsnypd officer planned beating wall street protesters ahead march    caught camerai liked avideo  nypd officer planned beating wall street protesters ahead ofrtschumer house plan cut $85m heating assistanceenjoy beatingsand cronies...we ll watching laughing you.rt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorchecked scene there.u guys 2 focus solving creating
democrats weprin outspent turner replace weiner thomas kaplan democrats poured $1.5 million thei...wall st. poured millions n2 nypd    getting pay now? | | alternet  believe this? omg rtwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetrtwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now?   occupywallstreet  topprog  p2wall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternet  viawall street poured millions nypd   getting pay now?c mon cali (sf) don facists  water poured  cleaning supplies  course @ midnightcopswall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetrtwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now?   occupywallstreet  topprog  p2wall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetrtwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now?   occupywallstreet  topprog  p2wall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now?wall  street poured millions  nypd    getting pay now? | occupy wall s..    newsdemocrats weprin outspent turner replace weiner thomas kaplan democrats poured $1.5 million thei...
rtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtgreat photos  occupymilwaukee   wearethe99  occupywallstrtmy takeaway  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?rtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrt“wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question brian schottenheimer system  wowrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflgreat read brian williams  nbc journos there.rtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtnyt editorial  occupywallst "protesters   giving voice generation lost opportunity."rtmy takeaway  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?nypd learn lesson. cops handing water protestors  occupyphoenix  owsrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nfltheo epstein leaves boston red sox shambles  brian cashman loyal ...madden cashman loyal yanks brian cashman  unlike former boston red sox counterpart theo epstein  sti...rtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrt"71 protesters arrested times square occupy wall street demonstration   ny daily newsthoughts re  occupyiowa? mtoccupywallst takeaway sheer amt media pro media irrelevant?rtmy takeaway  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?
just alert & watching  ows live ustreamrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rtspeakers  occupywallst allowed microphones. democratic. republican. authoritarian regime stuff.rtnaomi wolf "egging protestors..." nypd brag adrenalin rush fr abusing protestorsrt.joined  occupywallst protest guided park byrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.salman rushdie hit  bloomberg move  libertyplaza "crime liberty"  occupywallstreet  stopthemach2011  occupydc  usdorrussellsimmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation city   usdorrtrussell simmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation citynew short documentary film people of& special guest int.a.o. filmsnews  texas woman sues cops rush limbaugh.  wonder sue howard stern.    fbrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rtrussell simmons () offers 2 pay 4 cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid ...rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.art  yield brush greatnessword “i 15 times.   tomorrow  occupywallstreet 7am”““occupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertat  occupywallstreet now. civil polite. idealism overwhelming. kidsreal life playboy mansion hardly airbrushed hinckleyplease support  ows brave patriots staying tonight  solidarity  the99percent.   ty

rtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbaffling  ows assign zero blame democrats handed wall street billions $$ obama  stimulus package 1.0"  occupywallstrthundreds democrats arrested  occupy  events chicago  denver  arizona  movement spreads u.s.democrats weprin outspent turner replace weiner thomas kaplan democrats poured $1.5 million thei...rtrepublicans &  democrats blame  money politics.    getmoneyout  gop  ows  tcotbut  occupywallst don embrace democrats contributed wealthy inequality usa.rtrtrtoccupywallstreet getting democrats elected. complicit.  usdorrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtrtrtoccupywallstreet getting democrats elected. complicit.  usdorrt @ 2011teacher hope push democrats left  occupywallst  occupydenver  ows / push em left push em  copolsrtrtrtoccupywallstreet getting democrats elected. complicit.  usdor6 reasons  ows protests won boost democrats   economy  politics  p2  protestfuck that... democrats seek own  occupy wall street  movement | abc news |   ows  occupywallstrtwall street protests gain support leading democratsdemocrats serious connections  occupywallst     tools campaign obama   makes look stupidrtrtbetween 1989 & 2010 goldman sachs $36m   60% democrats 39% republicans  usdor   contributionsthe email archive  occupywallstreet movement anarchists  socialists  unions  democrats plans

hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday released israeli soldier captured mo...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins  ethan bronner reported jerusalemhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday released israeli soldier captured mo...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap beginsisrael reaches deal free captured soldier israelis reached tentative deal hamas free s...israeli soldier gilad shalit freed text message  mahmoud zahar  hamas  leader gaza strip  that...the guardianhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap beginsnew york timesjerusalem — islamist palestinia...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times guardianhamas frees israeli soldier as...news hamas frees israeli soldier five captivity prisoner swap beginshamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york timesny times hamas frees israeli soldier five captivity prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday rel...york  police  connecticut hamas testifies nypd counter terrorism measures ...rthamas frees  israeli soldier five captivity prisoner swap begins rtrtisrael hamas prisoner swap reshape regional politics   nytpolitics rtisrael hamas prisoner swap reshape regional politics   nytrtisrael mulls deal  hamas swap 1 000 palestinian prisoners free hostage ..dtn world news hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times sydney morning heraldhamas...rtisrael mulls deal hamas swap 1 000 palestinian prisoners free hostage ..hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times globe mailhamas frees israeli soldier ...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times globe mailhamas frees israeli soldier ...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times guardianhamas frees israeli soldier as...


rtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorprison riot breaks mexico leaving 7 dead arrest drug cartel leader allegedly arso...rtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorpara todos que falam todo adolescente deveria ver isso...rtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtallison people swore undercovers....so...we interviewed for. decide   owsrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdoru.s. accusations iran plot skepticism obama administration sought reconcile so...rtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdoryou guys    stop paying taxes & gov. 2 withdraw army  .. ll win so...you guys    stop paying taxes & gov. 2 withdraw army  .. ll win so...rtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorpeace  so...  keepthepeace  stickwithit   ows  occupyboston  usdor  respecteachother  accountabilitynytimes israel palestinians begin prisoner exchange exchange gilad shalit  israeli so...   israelrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdor
rt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrtrtsickening nypd using horses weapons. "get animals horses."  owsrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor
glass steagall... pardon typoif clinton  ows positive instate nafta remove glass steagall?rtrtreinstate glass steagall   elizabeth warren economic history lesson:youtube   owsmyslogan mr. glass mr. steagall rebuild wall.actually electronics foxconn slaves. coherent reenact glass steagallclinton & repubs rid glass steagall & chelsea married son wall st business w/  occupywallstreetthe economics occupy wall street  glass steagall act    takewallstreet  15oct    15m  globalchangertit behooves everyprotestor learn glass steagall banking act was. hedges mentioned today.reinstate glass steagall   elizabeth warren economic history lesson:youtube   ows.ows  sep17 support  hr1489 restoring glass steagall act. 47 reps  |rtthe economics occupy wall street  glass steagall act   ows  occupywallstreetrtit behooves everyprotestor learn glass steagall banking act was. hedges mentioned today.will remebering signed repeal glass steagall?  occupywallstreet joke.the economics occupy wall street  glass steagall act   ows  occupywallstreetit behooves everyprotestor learn glass steagall banking act was. hedges mentioned today.get glass steagall act      occupywallstreet  generalassembly  sharedsacrifice  canaryparty  occupysesamestreetoccupywallstreet george carlin   spreading truth    glasssteagallact  canaryparty  generalassemblyb2st   lights  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall act2ne1   (eng ver.)  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actsuper baby   misook  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actgdragon   shine light concert  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall act
rtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viart"i  sam. done." rthere   jerseyshore ronnie sammi splitrtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via“student jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via”rtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartwe desperate generator  dedicated laptop 4g hotspot jersey city  needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99rtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartwe desperate generator  dedicated laptop 4g hotspot jersey city  needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99rtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viartstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via“student jersey community college stutters told speak class  /via”rtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viaprofessor’s response stutterer don’t speak county college morris jersey  history teac...
rtbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  takewallstreet  owsrtbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  ows protesters  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtjesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent.  owsrtrtjesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent.  owsjesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent.  owspolice attempting enforce tent rule?breaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters   takewallstreethelp    mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetbreaking:mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  takewallstreet  owsrtbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters   takewallstreetrtoh snap  thisll rtjesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent  owsrtmichelle obama attempting jumping jacks record; 20 425 people break guinness recordrtbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  takewallstreet  owsrtbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  takewallstreet  owsrtrtjesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent.  owsthis fishy. wing bloggers attempting suspicious craigslist ad discredit owsrtbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  takewallstreet  owsbreaking:mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  takewallstreet  ows
rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"  getmoneyoutoccupyrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtfwdmanhattan *2 alarm fire* box0554  32 east 10 st heavy fire 1st floor 5 story multiple dwelling. 3lso. 7:22 ...rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor  occupyhouston  occupytogether  owsrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtrtrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055ows  occupysd rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtrtrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor  ows  occupytogetherfwdmanhattan *2 alarm fire* box0554  32 east 10 st heavy fire 1st floor 5 story multiple dwelling. 3lso. 7:22 ...fwdrtmanhattan *2 alarm fire* box0554  32 east 10 st heavy fire 1st floor 5 story multiple ...rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"two political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor  occupyhouston  occupytogether  owsrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor
truly    rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallst… (cont)rtspot rtdecades calvin & hobbes comicstrip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtrtconfused  occupywallst ? calvin hobbes lay 5 understand   owsrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementdecades calvin hobbes comic succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtrtconfused  occupywallst ? calvin hobbes lay 5 understand   owsjoy   calvin capitalism   occupywallstreetcan memory calvin elizabeth northcut murdered night  nypdrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartrtoccupysf raided   occupywallst  occupyvancouver    occupycanada  owsrtrtconfused  occupywallst ? calvin hobbes lay 5 understand   owsrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    via

rtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owswtf? ? rtofficer front jacket days dcct. means.  angrily "death bureau."rtwe pursue peaceful peaceful means. martin luther king  occupywallstreetrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrti law enforcement realizes "the world watching" means.  ows  camerasout  o15rtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsscoots  extremely dignified  obviously don means.  wlfrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsa york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsah. idea means... sticking version probs computer tweetdeck...  wlfnot sleeping public  no. area. "frozen zone" whatever means. public. residents/delivery/etc onlyhands triangle means..? finger means order. signal severe...
rt"this ve saying patriot act"rt99 percenters 53 percentersrtthe reign percenters income inequality destroying culture   occupywallstreet  ows  topprog  p2rtthe reign percenters income inequality destroying culture   occupywallstreet  ows  topprog  p2rt99percenters vs 1percent tyrants oligarchies? doubt 99percenters prevailrtrtrtnypd deputyinspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying  ows protestersrt"this ve saying patriot act"rtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term ...rtthe reign percenters income inequality destroying culture   occupywallstreet  ows  topprog  p2rtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  ows. gonna stop herethe 42.7 percenters bar instead rtrt99 percenters 53 percentersrtthe reign percenters income inequality destroying culture   occupywallstreet  ows  topprog  p2rtoh jeez... nyt 99 percenters 53 percentersrt99 percenters 53 percentersrtrtour camp cleared out. 5 arrested.i ve concerned kent reoccurance beginning  nypd assaults people. agree w/you.rt99 percenters 53 percenters99 percenters 53 percenters   <  hmmm...rt99 percenters 53 percenters“99 percenters 53 percenters  worst real actions taken
rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtanyone believes congress controls wall street & confused.  ows  occupywallstreet  99percentrtthey accused blocking traffic  sidewalk. confused. pushed hit batons.  occupywallstrtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtthe gop cut unemployment benefits & raise taxes 99% us. isn  occupywallst  confused.rtoccupywallstreet isn political movement  traveling freakshow lost confused.   tcotrtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtanyone believes congress controls wall street & confused.  ows  occupywallstreet  99percentrtanyone believes congress controls wall street & confused.  ows  occupywallstreet  99percent
6 reasons  ows protests won boost democrats   economy  politics  p2  protestrt6 reasons  ows protests won boost democrats   economy  politics  p2  protestrt6 reasons  ows protests won boost democrats   economy  politics  p2  protestrthundreds gather  occupyseattle demonstration    usdor  occupywallstreetrt6 reasons  ows protests won boost democrats   economy  politics  p2  protestrt6 reasons  ows protests won boost democrats   economy  politics  p2  protestrt6 reasons  ows protests won boost democrats   economy  politics  p2  protestevacuateonwallstreet? «  . obama kenya home?tcot  ows  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetsave 14k white gold diamond eternity wedding band    amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebest price 3 diamond bridal ring 2 ct. 14k yell   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timesale 14k white gold pear shaped blue topaz dangle    amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timefor sale 14kt. gold & stainless steel fashion    amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timelow price 14k white gold 1 2 ct. blue white di   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timenew men’s 14k yellow gold 4mm comfort fit wedding    amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timenew 14k white gold pre set diamond bridal ring set   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebargain 14k yellow gold diamond link tennis brac   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebuy 14k bicycle charm   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timebest buy 14k yellow gold black diamond solitare pe   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timeordernow 14kt. gold & stainless steel fashion    amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timenew size – 5.5 – 14k white gold 5 five stone round   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  timefor sale 14k yellow gold hammered double link byza   amazon  amazonuk  amazondeals  cnnbrk  nytimes  eonline  time
rtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  owsrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstthe bronx aka bx  rtservadv downtown  4 via express b/t burnside ave & 167th st due nypd investigation 170th strtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstany details stabbing 4 train 170th st stop?rtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtgrandma ashes lost  son blames bronx cemeteryrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   us...rtrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.rtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykst
rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"  getmoneyoutoccupyrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorforget 9 9 9. simple plan 1 cartoon henry george ran mayor york 1886. t...rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor  occupyhouston  occupytogether  owsrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtrtrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055ows  occupysd rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtrtrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor  ows  occupytogetherrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"two political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"smhrtbrooklyn 188 suydam st 26 male shot head  transported elmhurst hospital ...rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor  occupyhouston  occupytogether  owsrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor


super happy finally starting internship atthis wednesday happy music/dancingrtamazon signs authors  writing publishers deal. publishers happy campersrtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.im happy tht little knowledge experience law. im proud of. witchhunt elsewherertlawyer victim calls arrest mace happy nypd officer   ows  protest  freespeechhappy anniversary     world stands solidarity you~ stay strong  stay  stay peacefulrtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rthappy anniversary ows     ll support.happy 1 month birthdayblind cat returns home lam. happy cat reunited family.rthappy birthday   occupywallstreet  month struggle  occupying world. you.  solidarity  ows  occupytogetherrthappy birthday   occupywallstreet  month struggle  occupying world. you.  solidarity  ows  occupytogetherit happy pals.  wlfs/o jenna talbotgdc alum; review book ny times   unhappy hipsters rulemost arab supprting  unhappy administration policy (cont)evanscence top happy news "american idol" runner lauren alaina. debut  "wildfl...rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.can specify amount equipment:laptop generator etc.ready pay items 2 mail marina.happy.tour.comcan specify amount equipmnt:laptop generator etc.ready pay items 2 mail marina.happy.tour.comneedsoftheoccupiers specify amount equipment:laptops etc.ready pay items 2 mail marina.happy.tour.comrtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.
rtboaters twist tailgating washington football gamesdetroit  booty lounge  stripper party bus blocked tailgating ... philip caulfield booty loun...tailgating crowd unlikely roar ahoy  photos » routine typical tailgate  only...news boaters twist tailgating washington football gamesrtboaters twist tailgating washington football gamesboaters twist tailgating washington football games university washington’s fans travel ...rtuw football tailgating makes cover york times.   seattle  uwhuskies  uwathletics  cfblivertuw football tailgating makes cover york times.   seat… (cont)dtn usa boaters twist tailgating washington football games university washington’s fans ca...boaters twist tailgating washington football games university washington’s fans travel ...rtboaters twist tailgating washington football gamesrtboaters twist tailgating univ washington football gamesboaters twist tailgating washington football games university washington’s fans travel ...northern illinois university huskies don luxury tailgating bay (not afford boats anyway)nytimes tailgating crowd’s unlikely roar ahoy  mb ann arbor  looks funtailgating recipes commissioner jambalayadetroit  booty lounge  stripper party bus blocked tailgating ... giant mobile strip club b...giant stripper party bus barred tailgating lions bears gamegiant stripper party bus barred tailgating lions bears gamegiant stripper party bus barred tailgating lions bears game giant mobile strip club ...huskies’ tailgating crowd sets sail
occupywallstreet protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes"millionaires march" stops chez murdoch  occupywallstreet  globalrevolutionrtrupert murdoch declares war  occupywallst   ows  occupysd  occupyla  occupychicagortbillionaire doorstepping  ows target  murdoch   dimon   koch   occupywallstreetrtmurdochs’ infighting clouds future news corp.occupy wall street protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes...rt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.occupywallstreet protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes    twisters  tcot  p2rt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rtoccupy wall street protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes  viartoccupywallstreet protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes    twisters  tcot  p2rtin african cave  signs ancient paint factory  viartrupert murdoch declares war  occupywallst   ows  occupysd  occupyla  occupychicagortoccupy wall street protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes"millionaires march" stops chez  murdoch | york daily news   protestsrtprotestersmillionaires march visit homes  koch  dimon  murdoch  ows  usdorrtmurdochs’ infighting clouds future news corp.rt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rtbreakingnews occupy wall st. rupert murdoch  jamie dimon  millionaires march  target listoccupywallstreet protesters plan millionaires march rupert murdoch  tycoons nyc homes   ows
rthard believe thisprotester soda back.rthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouservertrtoccupywallstreet challenge forget chants. tell personal re...rthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouservewhat cia doing nypd? depends whom   associated pressrthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouservertdid shave balls for? guy did.rthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserveon 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  occupy rtrthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouservertfür assad eine  million menschen demonstrieren  damaskus   takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanks  15mrthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouservehard believe thisprotester soda back.did shave balls for? guy did.rtrtso corporation guy hire cop $37/hr w/ taxpayers paying medical pension~who really...so bailed banks donate $4.6m nypd ( buy cops $37/hr   occupywallstso bailed banks donate $4.6m nypd ( buy cops $37/hr
rt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor
gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvement th...gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvement th...gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvement o...   infogadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web sitedtn usa gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvemen...gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvement th...gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvement th...gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvement th...gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvement ov...rtthis amazing   "forced" exercise dramatically improves parkinsons  symptomsyoga relieve  pain  scientific evidence inconclusive. boosts endorphins & guess improves moodfacebook ipad app improves web site nytimescom facebook ipad app drastic improvement web s...gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvement th...tecnologia gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app d...   todosobretecgadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web sitegadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvement th...gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvement th...gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvement th...gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site  [ny times tech]gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site facebook ipad app drastic improvement th...gadgetwise blog facebook ipad app improves web site  (via ny times)
rt"in party system steal economic freedom personal freedom  beware"   ows  occupywallstreetrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.wait  un human rights deem ny  takewallstreet select population peril health conditionsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross ...angry   occupymelbourne  occupywallstreet  occupysydney banksters fortsrtnyc city council hold "living wage" hearing | york daily news   nycouncil  livingwagertows movement change everything...“ows movement change everything...”   truthrtmy wonderful wife pizzas washington square. revolution televised  libertas growing.  specify demands. occupation?how that?   time start listening  otherwise mockedhow change it?   owsi silent. you?  occupywallstreetnobody follow unless goal solve problem. unclear directionoccupy beach lbpd enforce 10pm curfew sat. lincoln park  people jail. cali.occupy beach lbpd 10 pm curfew people jail. sos sos sos.rtnypd~mlk~quotes jf kennedy  peaceful revolution violent revolution inevitable   p2  tlot  owsif global revolution  requires creation parallel government. understand willteamfollowback usa todayfor players  gaining leverage risknew york timeswhen dwyan...   tfbus & world economy based unlimited growth & resource recover. sustain highly inequitable consumption  occupywallstreetit    "when fascism comes america  wrapped flag carrying cross."   sinclair lewis  occupywallstreet
the pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet resembling  tahrirsquare & everyday. network tower free wifi built zucotti parkrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupywallstreet resembling  tahrirsquare & everyday. network tower free wifi built zucotti parkrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersplz rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersgimme break4g wifi hotspots ? fucking americans crack  smh.  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersfrom ows comical. water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersmtwe laptops wifi current power source.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows  occupyboston  occupyraleighrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiers
ap cia doing nypd? depends whom ask. makes obama bush. controls cia directlyrtwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom cia doing nypd? depends whomrtwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom months ago  cia experienced clandest...ap cia doing nypd? depends whom ask.what cia doing nypd? depends whom      (ap) ap   months ago  cia ...   middleeastrtit striking contrast clean  teaparty  occupywallstreet (whom hereon  fleaparty).  collar  em.what cia doing nypd? depends whom   abc  news  an247what cia doing nypd? depends whom      (ap) ap   months ago  cia exper...what cia doing nypd? depends whom \n    (ap)\n ap   months ago  cia ex...cia doing nypd? depends whom  delmavanow     owsrtwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom  delmavanow     owswhat cia doing nypd? depends whom | ...  serving amman  station...   asematyap ||  cia doing  nypd? depends whom   owswhat cia doing nypd? depends whom   associated pressnew york careful whom decide interruptnew york timesfollowfor york brea...  apartmentswhat cia doing nypd? depends whom  viawhat cia doing nypd? depends whom \n    (ap)\n ap   months ago  cia ex...what cia doing nypd? depends whomauthorized whom  sources ?nypd authorized tear gas protestors  owsrtplease call mayor chi 312 744 3300 help newhomertrtwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom ...   ows

rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.
rtrt??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????     mal3ob3lenart??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????   mal3ob3lena  mal3ob3alenartrt??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????     mal3ob3lenart??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????   mal3ob3lena  mal3ob3alenartrt??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????     mal3ob3lenartrt??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????     mal3ob3lenart??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????   mal3ob3lena  mal3ob3alenart??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????   mal3ob3lena  mal3ob3alena““??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????   mal3ob3lena  mal3ob3alena””rtrt??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????     mal3ob3lenartrt??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????     mal3ob3lenart??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????   mal3ob3lena  mal3ob3alenartrt??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????     mal3ob3lenart??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????   mal3ob3lena  mal3ob3alena"??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????   mal3ob3lena  mal3ob3alena"rtrt??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????     mal3ob3lenart???? ??????? ??? ??????? ?????   mal3ob3lena  .. ?????"????" ????? ???? ???  .. ?? ???? ????? ???? ?? ????? ?rtrt??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????     mal3ob3lenart???? ???? ??????? ?????? ?? ????????? ????       mal3ob3lenartrt??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????     mal3ob3lenart??? ?????? ???? ???? ??????? ????? ????? ??????? ?????   mal3ob3lena  mal3ob3alena
rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rt“police threw punches.we threw peace signs.they rammed.we drummed.they fought.we won.  ows   ourwallstreetrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99police threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99
rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"  getmoneyoutoccupyrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtinflation china eases  food prices sharplyrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor  occupyhouston  occupytogether  owsfx  econ inflation china eases  food prices sharply inflation slowed slightly consumers m...rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtrtrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055ows  occupysd rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtstock prices jobs shipped shore. layoffs = payoffs  occupywallstreet  occupypdx  usdorexcitingads  inflation  china eases   food prices sharply inflation slowed…keystone pipeline – myth cheaper gas prices americans    nokxl  owsrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtrtrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor  ows  occupytogetherrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"two political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"
we  war  iran  isreal &  saudi  arabia benefit this.  usdorcartel hitman? on

rtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitepolice brutality    occupytimessquare    occupywallstreet    15oct 2011occupytimessquare 1 marine vs. 30 cops (marine wins)  occupywallstreetrthundreds 46th st allowed 2 enter (public) times square 2 join voices  occupytimessquarerthundreds 46th st allowed 2 enter (public) times square 2 join voices  occupytimessquarertrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertoccupywallstreet  occupytimessquare  ows   nypd clearing 46th street  moving protesters onto sidewalks.rtoccupywallstreet  occupytimessquare  ows  breaking >  nypd allowing protester cross  & join times squarertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whiteoccupywallstreet  occupytimessquare  ows  breaking >  nypd allowing protester cross  & join times squarertchk vid [occupytimessquare] 1 marine vs. 30 cops (marine wins)   occupy  ows  occupythehoodrtoccupywallstreet  occupytimessquare  ows  rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times sq."rtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whiterthundreds 46th st allowed 2 enter (public) times square 2 join voices  occupytimessquarertrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertwatching  occupytimessquare above. thousands  pics  owsrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear white
please follow me.... rton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started all:...please follow me.... rton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started...rtrton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owsrtrt~ 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owson 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  occupy rtrt “ .on 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  ows”rton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  ows >cool.rtwow  rton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owsrton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owsrtrton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  ows“on 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  ows”rton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owsrton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owsrtrton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owsrton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owsrton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   owsrton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owsrton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owsrtrton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owson 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  ows tyon 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  ows
former detective nypd planted drugs people meet drug arrest quotas | | alterneta whistle blower steps forward nypd planted drugs innocent fill quotas —rtformer nyc detective admits nypd planted drugs meet arrest quotas  surprisesurprisertnypd detective admits officers planted drugs innocents arrest quotasrtto serve protect? ex nypd cop planted drugs innocent people reach quotas via huffpost  (cont)rtwhoa. rtrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotas  viaex nypd cop planted drugs innocent people reac...rtbreaking  “nypd detective admits officers planted drugs innocents arrest quotasformer detective nypd planted drugs people meet drug arrest quotasrta former nypd detective testified officers routinely planted drugs innocent people meet quotasrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasformer nypd narcotics detective drugs planted innocent people meet "arrest quotas".rtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasrtrtnypd detective admits officers planted drugs innocents arrest quotas“ex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotas  show.rtlike tree planted water moved.owsrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasand news.....rtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotasrtex nypd cop planted evidence  framed innocent people reach quotas
ows inclusive itd awesome forto decent 3rd party pres candidatertpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight jets pulled close  defe...what odds kalamazoo mentioned  ows article? 3rd bullet   randomfindbloomberg.  3rdterm.  “nypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanuprtwow. thousand towns & cities "occupied"  usdor.  revolution re watching history  23rd time year. 2011  omg.about pack laptop  nypd jacket & walk office 33rd street delancey street shaken & stirredrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straighttry live stream     occupywallst  ows  occupywallstnyccheck live stream   occupywallst  ows  occupywallstnycwoot  pats  rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight jets pulled close  defen...not suprised rtservadv  7 delayed thru 33rd st/rawson  times sq trains 61st st due track replacement.rtwow. thousand towns & cities "occupied"  usdor.  revolution re watching history  23rd...rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight  // yes patsrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtrtwe ve reached 23rd st.  occupywallstreet  ows
amazon rewrites rules book publishingrtamazon rewrites rules book  publishingamazon rewrites rules book publishing  htamazon rewrites rules book publishing signs authors  publishers deal    viaamazon rewrites rules book publishingvia verde south bronx rewrites low income housing rulesamazon rewrites rules book publishingrtamazon rewrites rules book publishingrtreading amazon rewrites rules book publishingamazon rewrites rules book publishingamazon rewrites rules book publishing  read viartamazon rewrites rules book publishingrtamazon rewrites rules book publishingamazon rewrites rules book publishingamazon rewrites rules book publishingrtamazon rewrites rules book publishingrt???amazon????????????????????????????????????????nyt????amazon rewrites rules book publishingrtspooked occupy wall street  emwsj /empeggy noonan rewrites tea party past   ows   ourwallstreetamazon rewrites rules book publishing game changerm publishers preparertamazon rewrites rules book publishingrtamazon rewrites rules book publishing
rtrtwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtaustrian economist steve horwitz explains free market "we ve power."   occupywallst  teapartyrtaustrian economist steve horwitz explains free market "we ve power."   occupywallst  teapartywhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwhat stock exchange protestors want?   economist  occupywallstreetrtrtwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreettook day offto hang octogenarian phd economists  including grandfather. re pretty excited us.american economists share  nobel prize   york times  rtrtoccupyvancouver invites professionals scientists  economists  trades   join an… (cont)rtwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtgave growth economist; re    occupy  occupywallstreet fromwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtaustrian economist steve horwitz explains free market "we ve power."   occupywallst  teapartywhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtaustrian economist steve horwitz explains free market "we ve power."   occupywallst  teapartywhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtdeserves nobel peoples economist reporting global financial catastrophertwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtrtwant 2 feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheappizzajoint. ordernow   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersan ode cheap books former bordersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersis junk food cheaper family healthier foods?rtcant  ows  occupywallstreet protest? pull money banks. buy silver gold  cheaprtit cheaper money mattress   ows  occupywallstreet  occupyearth  occupycanada  occupyrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiers(cont) "support"  ows wants. compromise  ows. peoples movement  cheap partisan tool.rtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupierskeystone pipeline – myth cheaper gas prices americans    nokxl  owsrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrt“1989 2008 financial sector spent $1.7b campaign contributions & $3.4b lobbying.  usdor  ows” cheap :$
rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsa campaign windfall 4 republicans voted sex marriagertoccupyasheville campers cityhall kicked ass load police.  ows  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherrtoccupywallstreet en español [pic]  /víaows  yeswecamp  15m  15o  globalchangertour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtamazon signs authors  writing publishers deal. publishers happy camperswatchdelivers 54 000 petitions  occupywallstreet against.join campaign   p2yesrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdora campaign windfall 4 republicans voted sex marriage thomas kaplan albany — le...rt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" vusdor   owsrtows cops massing  occupychicagortrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonightrtdon  nypd kick public sidewalk  campers  rtthank support....rtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camprtthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpls urgent  usdor seattles camp raided 7am. arrests happening now. call mayor (206) 684 4000  occupyseattlebeginning night occupation santa rosa  ca city hall (north san francisco) permit 150 camping overnight.it pretty peaceful camp  & nypd doing & excellent job. polite & supportive.the camp atmosphere fun & peaceful. nypd doing excellent job &  respectful  & polite protestors. thank u.owsrtpowerful kickstartr film   ows  occupywallstreet  occupysf  occupsj  occupydc
haha   rtdet här är bästa skylten från occupy wall street. cake ?andrew dumbfart wouldn jumped cake lapdancertlooks ows job creator local pizza cake companiesrtunderground politics icing cake   occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  tlot  topprogrtsnuck  generalassembly 2 pick surprise  occupyanniversary cake.. shh dont tell em   owsrtrtows 1 month occupy cake  sept17  occupywallst  vibeapprta thank toin billyburg 4 donation cake & bread    ows  needsoftheoccupiersrti wish people stop tweeting "take shower  job" jokes  needsoftheoccupiers hashtag. mean *unoriginal* dumbassesrtrtdet här är bästa skylten från occupy wall street. cake ?rta thank toin billyburg 4 donation cake & bread    ows  needsoftheoccupierslet eat cake  rtdet här är bästa skylten från occupy wall street. cake ?rti ve seen left delusional nonsense life  "we 99%" cake.  occupywallstreetrta thank toin billyburg 4 donation cake & bread    ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtows 1 month occupy cake  sept17  occupywallst  vibeappthe king solomon story gone sad “o_o whaaaat?  rtwoman kills pregnant (cont)rti ve seen left delusional nonsense life  "we 99%" cake.  occupywallstreetdown cakerta thank toin billyburg 4 donation cake & bread    ows  needsoftheoccupiersrta thank toin billyburg 4 donation cake & bread    ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtto 1 month  rtoccupyanniversary update settepani bk ready 2 cake 718 349 6524  needsoftheoccupiers  ows”let eat cake  =]
rtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion campi cant wrote obamaeatsfecalmatter.com any1 fear jr nazi pos fuck & diertrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camprt"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"rtrtbeautiful calm tonight. meditation circles. projection screens. light convo. vibes  occupywallst  owscalm cards carpenter nlcs game pitcher   getting t...rtrtbeautiful calm tonight. meditation circles. projection screens. light convo. vibes  occupywallst  owsrtoccupyboston  ows rtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rolling  (livestream?)… (cont)rtoccupyboston  ows rtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rolling  (livestream?)… (cont)rt"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"rtit critical mass days nypd = instigate & retaliate.   occupywallstreet  criticalmass  nypdoccupywallstreet  occupytogether  solidarity  ows safe. calm  peace enjoyed occupation. overcomertrtbeautiful calm tonight. meditation circles. projection screens. light convo. vibes  occupywallst  owssituation calmer. protesters sidewalks.  nypd regained street.  occupywallstreetrtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rolling  (livestream?)about 80 ...rtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rolling  (livestream?)about 80 ......rtsit calmly. remember gandhi. violence imperative  win shaming them.  occupywallstreet  occupysd  occupydenver"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"calm? nypd officers times square triple overtime. 24hrs straight cops feet.rt"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"rtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rolling  (livestream?)about 80 ...
rtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionrtplz  heyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionrtwho shouldarrest prostitutes pimps johns exploit traffic them?   aloosingpropositionheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionarrests twice vulnerable women pimps johns. time change   sextraffickingrtwho shouldarrest prostitutes pimps johns exploit traffic them?   aloosingproposition.arrests twice vulnerable women pimps johns. time change   alosingpropositionrtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionarrests twice vulnerable women pimps johns. time change   sextraffickingrtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingproposition   please rtrtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionrtwho shouldarrest prostitutes pimps johns exploit traffic them?   aloosingpropositionshouldarrest prostitutes pimps & johns exploit & traffic them?   aloosingpropositionnypd detective pimps 13 runaway? girl corrupt nypd detective put…rtwho shouldarrest prostitutes pimps johns exploit traffic them?   aloosingpropositionrtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingproposition   please rtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingproposition   please rtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingproposition   please rtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingproposition   please rt
rtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  ows««coming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks   (cont)rtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsled tactical flashlights fancy tactical flashlights feature  buy“coming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  ows”rtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtrtcoming occupywallstreet tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  ows
rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  ows
rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rthenceforth tweets relating  occupywallstreet nonsense instead label are.  fleaparty.  occupysoap now.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.1% fighting back? throwing soap  occupywallst protesters hoping rain?rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.occupywallstreet occupy shower stall metric tons name brand soap rope.  justsayingrtrtrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.check ny times magazine soaps mentions& venice"we dress black tie&throw bars soapbut decided save trip&get drinks"henceforth tweets relating  occupywallstreet nonsense instead label are.  fleaparty.  occupysoap now.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtinventorying med tent. currently soap  fem hygiene  moist towelettes.  needsoftheoccupiers  occupydenverrtsomeone ve run  occupywallstreet heckler brandishing bar ivory soap  econdebatertneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.
this awesometwitting legal aid info  occupylsx protestorssupport 07946541511text pinknynj 41518 donate $10 strides agsinst breast cancer«hehe rtoccu pi wall street  am 3.14159 percent     ows»one step towards strict police state. soon ll illegal leave home night.rtred alert sfpd threatening eviction  occupysfcall 415 553 0123/1551  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythefedrtred alert sfpd threatening eviction  occupysfcall 415 553 0123/1551  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythefedoccu pi wall street  am 3.14159 percent     owsrtcall thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf  | wtf?rtrtor call mayor 415 554 6141  occupysfdf  ows"rtrtcall thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf    ows"rtred alert sfpd threatening eviction  occupysfcall 415 553 0123/1551  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythefedrtcall thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf    ows"rtor call mayor 415 554 6141  occupysfdf  ows""call thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf    ows""or call mayor 415 554 6141  occupysfdf  ows"rtcall thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf    ows  anonymous“call thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf    ows”.gbc legal support 07946541511 solicitors bindmans 02078334433 / hja 07659111192  occupylsx  occupylondon  ukuncutrtfor stpauls gbc legal support 07946541511 solicitors bindmans 02078334433 / hja 07659111192  occupylsx  occupylondon  occupyrtfor stpauls gbc legal support 07946541511 solicitors bindmans 02078334433 / hja 07659111192  occupylsx  occupylondon  occupyrtfor st pauls  gbc legal support 07946541511 solicitors bindmans 02078334433 / hja 07659111192  occupylsx  occupylondon  occupy
rtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdori usual trolls disabled woman  rothboys  tag.  thankfully listens  uk malicious  stupidly. clowns.rtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  ows fbi nypd stupidly buy  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdor
nytimes house passes bill reduce access abortions   pelosi outraged.  newsaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxrtweoccupy tiniest moral compasses allowed light society.  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtweoccupy tiniest moral compasses allowed light society.  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtevery week passes  overtime spent nypd  ows pay salaries 10 public school teachers year.  funfactsweek 5 quick hits bills  eagles steelers cracked anti aging code five touchdown passes f...australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal australia ad...rtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxrtan article convention bypasses congress  executive  judicial.  cut core rot destroying democratic republic.  usdordtn china australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal aust...dtn usa australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal austra...congress passes 3 free trade agreements   yahoo  news  viaoccupywallstreet   ows  jobs killer billswatch $rio $bhp $glen australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxrtweoccupy tiniest moral compasses allowed light society.  occupyearth  takewallstreetcollegefootball usc beats cal 8th straight time  30 9 matt barkley threw touchdown passes souther...rtweoccupy tiniest moral compasses allowed light society.  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxevery week passes  overtime spent nypd  ows pay salaries 10 public school teachers year.  funfactscongress passes trade deals  5 standoffrtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxweek 5 quick hits bills  eagles steelers cracked anti aging code five touchdown passes f...
occupywallst powerpoint.  uphotoplanning return  occupywallst point. sleep tentrttoday  finally  york times point. protesters wall streetinsane  people actually believe this? childish namecalling point.rttoday  finally  york times point. protesters wall streetrttoday  finally  york times point. protesters wall streetrtformer nypd cop makes point.  ows kooks draining nypd manpower real crimes. hurt that? poor  mainly.rttoday  finally  york times point. protesters wall streetrtformer nypd cop makes point.  ows kooks draining nypd manpower real crimes. hurt that? poor  mainly.rttoday  finally  york times point. protesters wall streeti missing point. dis guy publicity dat craving? sad ingratiating dork.rttoday  finally  york times point. protesters wall street“today  finally  york times point. protesters wall streetrttoday  finally  york times point. protesters wall streetwhich iraqis afghanis facing.  re proving point.good point. question permit expires. true test. bet nutter commish ll (cont)no bro  missing point. saying nutter commish eventually crack down. yes   occupyphilly (cont)that point. tea party  occupywallstreet. letting movement fall party affiliation.not point.  nypd arrest reason. meant strike fear hearts. won work.  citidoughwithdrawagain  sorry getting testy.  disrespect. tired question point.  owsagreed point. pigeonholing peoples movement electoral politics tragedy disaster.
my nose starts twitching david caruso nypd blue whoever interrogating lying him.occupywallst whoever slogan 99 pr cent brilliant. instantly "inequality" 99s with.rtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park. h...rtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park....rtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit ...rtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park...rtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdormore burress onstory "whoever wrote story stories. sell papers whatever be."rtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdorrtquestion  ows tweeterswhoever else answer gotten lot followers?question  ows tweeterswhoever else answer gotten lot followers?rtif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdor.yes chris miele  paid whatever whoever pays too...  margate  tescortif fit zuccotti mayor scrubs plan whoever fit park.   ows  usdor
check video    homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viartwatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupyrtanon  occupywallstreet  occupymiami yorks finest  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viartcheck video    homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viano donuts helprtwatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupycheck video    homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  vianew york finest inactionanon  occupywallstreet  occupymiami yorks finest  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viartanon  occupywallstreet  occupymiami yorks finest  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viawatch & homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly   occupyi liked avideo  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselesslyrt  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viawatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupywatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupywatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupywatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupywatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupywatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupywatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupywatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupywatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupywatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupy
rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtows beautifully  diverse. american nazi party  anp14  cpusa  communist party support  occupywallst  occupythisrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelbeautifully  hard   rtmic check. mic check. think. think.  ows needs.  ows needs. letter writing station....rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelows beautifully  diverse. american nazi party  anp14  cpusa  communist party support  occupywallst  occupythisrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuel
rtnyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall ccrb hotline 24 hours day 1 800 341 ccrb. call 311 (outside nyc dial 212 yorkrtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtplease help pannini co. food for. business hit occupation. 212 732 3110rtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiersrtnyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtrtnyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiers“nyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiers”  accomplish night anyway ?rtnyers   call 311 tell bloomberg evict    usdor  ows  needoftheoccupiersrtnyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiersrtnyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiersrtdept sanit. city receive single complaint 311 line sanitation conditions  ows rtrtnyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiersrtnyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiersrtnyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiersrtcall ccrb hotline 24 hours day 1 800 341 ccrb. call 311 (outside nyc dial 212 yorkrtcall ccrb hotline 24 hours day 1 800 341 ccrb. call 311 (outside nyc dial 212 yorkrtcall ccrb hotline 24 hours day 1 800 341 ccrb. call 311 (outside nyc dial 212 yorkprotect free assembly  rtnyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiersrtnyers  call 311 tell bloomberg evict   usdor  needsoftheoccupiers
breaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."rtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrt"when rich impoverishing vulture capitalist  venture capitalist." ~michael piazza  occupywallst  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   ows"occupy wall st." cost nypd $2mil  consistent w/ policy flipping bird money theirsrt"when rich impoverishing vulture capitalist  venture capitalist." ~michael piazza  occupywallst  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrt"when rich impoverishing vulture capitalist  venture capitalist." ~michael piazza  occupywallst  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   ows
rtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  usrtuninstalling  wallstreet ... 30% complete ????????????????????????????????????????  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica  ourwallstreet  ows  us
cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...rtoccupymarines followers disseminate direction ground troops please assistrtamerican soldiers waking    troops support taking america      ows  anonymous  bofa  wellsfargo  nypdnews u.s. cuts proposed size force iraq proposal american troops iraq train it...do believe troops baby killers?  ows  usdor  tcot  teapartycross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...why?  > troops iraq talk halliburton & kbr    iraq  60minutes  soldiers  veteransrt  (before 2 censored)    u.s troops speak bankers  wars  mediart    > u.s troops speak bankers  wars  media and...    ows  usdoramerican soldiers waking    troops support taking america      ows  anonymous  bofa  wellsfargo  nypdu.s. troops battle control key afghan routertcross border fire frustrates troops afghanistanrtvrepublicans berate  occupywallstreet protestors week reject jobs bill create 1.9million jobsnews cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistanmarine vet iraq shamar thomas iraq troops didn act  nypd beating people.  ows  occupywallsstreetrtrtup $12k reward info leading arrest suspect/s bklyn sex assaults. 800577tipsrtrtwanted sex assault near 226 st/conduit ave. m/20s  ~5 4" med build  acne scars... 800577tips  105pctarmed troops texas    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  teapartyows please retweet ... alotplease  ows retweet  armed  troops texasoccupywallst  occupyatlanta   sep17  p2  nypd  dems primary 4 paularmed   occupy troops texas    occupyseattle  ourwallstreet  nypd danger retweetcross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...
strip search world scrabble tournament world scrabble championships descended controversy week...israeli soldier gilad shalit freed text message  mahmoud zahar  hamas  leader gaza strip  that...truly    rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallst… (cont)rtspot rtdecades calvin & hobbes comicstrip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtwe extension cords power strips please   needsoftheoccupiersrtwe extension cords power strips please   needsoftheoccupiersrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartscrabble championship contenstant demands opponent strip searched missing tiledetroit  booty lounge  stripper party bus blocked tailgating ... philip caulfield booty loun...dude horizontal striped jumper carrying briefcase. looked hamburglar grown  accountant.  occupywallstrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement"world  scrabble championship controversial competitor requests strip search"  wordfightrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementworld scrabble championship controversial competitor requests strip ...   york daily newsjust phone wit ny finest nypd hope dem strippers money.rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement"scrabble championship contenstant demands opponent strip searched missing tile  lmaortscrabble championship contenstant demands opponent strip searched missing tilertheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement
rtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtgonna lot that. mtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtgonna lot that. mtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrt plscan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup ...rtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrt“can 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  ows”  99percentrtgonna lot that. mtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  ows
giuliana rancic battling breast cancerlumpectomy mastectomy? breast cancers require surgery  degree ...81 busted performing free breast exams makes deal florida ...in pink parade strides walk draws thousands breast cancer ...rtin breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking americaswag "81 pretends doctor busted performing free breast examslive sunday morn  centralpark formakingstrides breast cancergoodmorning  centralpark strides breast cancertext pinknynj 41518 donate $10 strides agsinst breast cancerrtin breast cancer fight  pinking americain breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking americain breast cancer fight  pinking america marketing powerhouse arisen war breast cance...rtin breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking americain breast cancer fight  pinking america marketing powerhouse arisen war breast cance...rtin breast cancer fight  pinking americasitting front koskey laptop enormous  unwashed breasts 23 oldprotester. nonchalant wood.thug fondles woman breasts grabbing purse cops 35 victim choked by...twin sisters test positive potentially deadly breast cancer gene kathleen lucadamo kelly mcspirit h...
love marine  soldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet”rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtwow. powerful video vet vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreetrtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreetrtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet““veteran vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt (cont)rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreetrt>one marine nypd...stands ground...."there honor hurting unarmed americans"  ows  usdorrtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreetrtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtrveteran vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "   owsrtows   usdor>one marine nypd...stands ground...."there honor abusing unarmed americans""there ll shelter  frontline everywhere"rtows   usdor>one marine nypd...stands ground...."there honor abusing unarmed americans"


rtrtbe prepared  occupywallstreet stopped  nypd   knowyourrights  ows  nyclurtbe prepared  occupywallstreet stopped  nypd   knowyourrights  ows  nyclurtrtbe prepared  occupywallstreet stopped  nypd  (cont…rtows "we prepared sleeping gear food assembly decides occupy park"  washingtonsquare  wearethe99if prepared tomorrow  remember egypt.it horrible sending camels horses  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet prepared stopped  nypd tomorrow rights   owsrtbe prepared  occupywallstreet stopped  nypd   knowyourrights  ows  nyclube prepared  occupywallstreet stopped  nypd   knowyourrights  ows  nyclurtrtbe prepared  occupywallstreet stopped  nypd   knowyourrights  ows  nyclurtoccupywallstreet prepared stopped  nypd tomorrow rights   owsrtbe prepared  occupywallstreet stopped  nypd   knowyourrights  ows  nyclurtbe prepared  occupywallstreet stopped  nypd   knowyourrights  ows  nyclurtrtbe prepared  occupywallstreet stopped  nypd   knowyourrights  ows  nyclurtoccupywallstreet prepared stopped  nypd tomorrow rights   owsrtbe prepared  occupywallstreet stopped  nypd   knowyourrights  ows  nyclurtrtbe prepared  occupywallstreet stopped  nypd   knowyourrights  ows  nyclurtbe prepared  occupywallstreet stopped  nypd   knowyourrights  ows  nycluno. combination. yes  grow outreach. absolutely. prepared dig successful. see?rtows "we prepared sleeping gear food assembly decides occupy park"  washingtonsquare  wearethe99rtrecipes health pesto portobellos — recipes health prepared burgers stuffed roas...   nytrtoccupywallstreet prepared stopped  nypd tomorrow rights   ows

rtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrt1989 2008 financial sector spent $1.7b campaign contributions & $3.4b lobbying.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtsince 1989 campaign contributions finance sector total energy health care defense & telecom combined  usdor  ocwrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiers incominglech walesa  former polish president  visit york support occupy wall streetrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtsince 1989 campaign contributions finance sector total energy health care defense & telecom combined  usdor  ocwrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtbecause gop dems pr guys corporate overlords   fuckyouwashington.  ows  usdorrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiers
rtjust tried followafter reading op eds supporting  occupywallstreet  acct suspendedit 2nd time ve tried read american circus    guess 200 carny history warrants 500 pages.rtthe nypd tried raid med tent & shut  jesse jackson & locked hands medics&rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.steps bus attacked 23 woman fought fiend pummeled tried sexually ass...flatbush nypd searching suspect tried knock yid car18 yid car damagesocialism idea? failed time tried. freedom govt type.rtboston police tried pull mubarak cover darkness. organise effective action.  occupyboston  usdor   ff usdayofragertrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtthe police tried raid med tent & shut  jesse jackson & locked hands medics&rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.i couldn triedreport thethat car plate   812 gwr tried attack protestor machete.  owsflatbush nypd searching suspect tried knock yid car e.18th.car damaged. viartthe police tried raid med tent & shut  jesse jackson & locked hands medics&rtrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.well tried crap wod told leave family cod suei am waiting morons try loons london tried. nypd cut knees.go london.rtmatch tried charles river charlestown.  bpd no. standoff peaceful march backrtthe police tried raid med tent & shut  jesse jackson & locked hands medics&

rtwe re 250k signaturesrti dont hate business owners $250k & providing jobs. hate ceos 262 times avg employee  occupywallstreetrtrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signatures“we re 250k signatures  signedrtwe re 250k signatureswe re 250k signatures"we re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signaturesrtwe re 250k signatures
prevent eviction.    informationrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.stop ows eviction. call bloomberg 212 374 3921 brookfield asset mgmt 212 417 7000. bloomberg mistress exec.rtrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.nypd confirm nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.just mailed letter toabout protecting  occupywallstreet eviction. thank youowsrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.nypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.godspeed  ows folks. & nyc   &  urge/petition 2 stop eviction.rtjust mailed letter toabout protecting  occupywallstreet eviction. thank youowsrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.i mind  occupywallstreet eviction. am worried. resist peacefully  ows
rtthis ugly. letter frm  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsthis f**ked up..rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 (cont)rtrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti unde… (cont)leaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"   ows  anonymous  lieshere letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"   ows  anonymous  liesrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   ows
rtai weiwei’s photo shoot chinairan & china laughing wall st funded nypd brutality terrorism citizensiran & china laughing wall st funded nypd brutality terrorism citizensrthas spread damn near canada  ireland  uk  germany sweden. china (cont)china export growth eases amid global turmoil  york timestaphandles keeping production china  shifting bulky items avoid expensive transportchina revolution fitnesschina russia enjoying  occupywallstrtchina revolution fitnessjiang zemin re emerges chinachina suspends boat traffic mekong (nyt)china suspends boat traffic mekong (nyt)china myanmar ‘settle’ myitsone dam (nyt)two wal mart china executives resign posts (nyt)ninth tibetan  nun  immolates anti china protest (nyt)has spread damn near canada  ireland  uk  germany sweden. china (cont)china export growth eases amid global turmoil chinese data trade surplus narrowed septemb...rtafter watching events unfoldchina leadership feels comfortable decision prohibiting drum circlesdon fence  wall. china"tiananmen protest leader thrilled ‘occupy boston’ demonstration | raw story" (  )  occupywallst  usdor  chinanyt china revolution fitness   health  health_news
rtnypd 1%  losing pensions & union power  co opted  owsrt24 arrested citibank  closing bank accounts  occupywallst protestrtcan explain police arrest closing ones account bank?  occupywallst  fuctuphow gonna stop ppl closing accounts getting money ?  getwitit rtrt (cont)rtvideo fromof woman getting arrested closing bank account ofows . didn...losing 10 vacation days hardly punishment  nypd anthony bologna  charge assault   owsnypd arrests woman closing citibank account (video)rtnypd arrests woman closing citibank account   occupywallstreet  owsrtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionrt24 arrested citibank  closing bank accounts  occupywallst protestrtchase branches swamped throughout city people closing bank accounts.rtplz  heyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionrt24 arrested citibank  closing bank accounts  occupywallst protestrtpeople marching banks closing accounts start . speak movement?  occupywallstreet  occupythefed““nypd arrests woman closing citibank account   occupywallstreet  ows””rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrt24 arrested citibank  closing bank accounts  occupywallst protestrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtanon ops    ourwallstreet occupy wall street protesters arrested attempted bank account closing    citibank oct 15   occupyamericartnew video  occupywallstreet protesters arrested attempted  citibank account closing >>arresting 30 people closing accounts?  shame  nypd   occupywallstreet
rtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitetest scores public? communities try closer look teacher evaluations.banking industry revamp moves step closer lawrtrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear white(cont) visibility. gs time lower manhattan?  link that. closer (cont)white house draws closer  occupywallstreet  obama fighting 99%rtows  teaparty support  mt:obama draws closer  occupywallstreet  fighting 99%afraid read watch friday creeps closer. stay strongowsrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertwhere wall street?on  occupywallstreet actually occupyingmotte emerges cardinals  shutdown closer hard throwing jason motte fifth pitcher audition the...rtrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitemotte emerges cardinals  shutdown closer hard throwing jason motte fifth pitcher audition the...
rtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitepolice brutality    occupytimessquare    occupywallstreet    15oct 2011occupytimessquare 1 marine vs. 30 cops (marine wins)  occupywallstreetrtthe guy sponsoring  ows billboard  timessquare spread link   pls retweetgot credible tip. cops givn begin  massarrests 915  timessquare  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrthundreds 46th st allowed 2 enter (public) times square 2 join voices  occupytimessquarelook 4ward 2  timessquare saturday   woohoo  o15  occupywallstreetadbusters  nypdnews  officeofthemayoroccupywallstreet  ows  o15  timessquare  woohoo  besafeouttherei salute & women nypd  nypdnews  mikebloomberg  nycmayorsoffice  occupywallstreet  timessquarei *salute* every1  re  occupywallstreet  timessquare  o15 especiallyoccupywallstreet  timessquare  o15...aloha   woohoo  ; )occupywallstreet ve      timessquarekiss  woohoo   timessquare  o15these  occupywallstreet images similar  66 apart    timessquare  o15  alfredeisenstaedti *joy*  occupywallstreet   ows  occupywallstoccupyeverywheretimessquare  vote 4...rtrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  ows     timessquare  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet in.  owsrthundreds 46th st allowed 2 enter (public) times square 2 join voices  occupytimessquarertin  zuccottipark night  amid police force  timessquare  beat goes  occupywallstreetrtrtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??rtrttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??“rttraffic cameras 3g  timessquare  occupywallstreet // confirmed??” purpose proof.
israel palestinians begin prisoner exchange   middleeastfor israel palestinians  moving ahead lookingisrael palestinians begin prisoner exchangeisrael palestinians begin prisoner exchangertpalestinians aid freeze statehood bid amounts "blackmail"   voice america   palestine   usdorisrael palestinians begin prisoner exchange   nyt[nyt middle east] israel palestinians begin prisoner exchangeisrael palestinians begin prisoner exchange   israelnytimes israel palestinians begin prisoner exchange exchange gilad shalit  israeli so...   israelhundreds palestinians freed exchange israeli soldier gilad shalit deal  hamas islamist rulers israel   nytimesrtisrael palestinians begin prisoner exchangertisrael palestinians begin prisoner exchangeisrael palestinians begin prisoner exchange[middle east news] israel palestinians begin prisoner exchangeisrael palestinians begin prisoner exchange exchange gilad shalit  israeli soldier held hamas ...nyt news   israel palestinians begin prisoner exchange exchange gilad shalit  israeli soldier ...israel palestinians begin prisoner exchange exchange gilad shalit  israeli soldier held hamas ...rtso bbc reports release 1 israeli  ignoring 1000 palestinians freed?  biased   edledl rtseems deal finally reached free 1000 kidnapped  palestinians frm  israel… (cont)rtso   israeli worth 1 000  palestinians? guardian front page     edlrtshalit happy   palestinians prisoners free (after experiencing wht lk 2 imprisoned)  edl  teaparty
news u.s. cuts proposed size force iraq proposal american troops iraq train it...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...if egypt riots covered likebreaking news "a sized people participating freedom jog."  reutersfacebook friends related size brain wondering send friend request? stud...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...by nina mandell pint sized fitness guru encouraging kids playstation break sweat. cj ...news u.s. cuts proposed size force iraqchild workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...rtneedsoftheoccupiers milkcrates fireextinguishers blankets contractorsizetrashbags  occupybostonit overemphasized is:  please distributedtn usa u.s. cuts proposed size force iraq proposal american troops iraq train...downsized downtrodden  women tvshould size/count 100 000 standing solidarity tough time.rtit overemphasized is:  please distributedownsized downtrodden  women tv devolution topic talk shows...excitingads  u.s. cuts proposed size force  iraq proposal some…child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...u.s cuts proposed size force  iraq     imperialismu.s. cuts proposed size force iraqrtenvironmental rules force luxury brands downsize
rtpls urgent  usdor seattles camp raided 7am. arrests happening now. call mayor (206) 684 4000  occupyseattlertrt7am lay  takes 2 3 cops to...word “i 15 times.   tomorrow  occupywallstreet 7am”rt"clean up" scheduled 7am tomorrow morning. hope resistance cowardly action bloomberg...rtpls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @canadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  via“pls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @scumbags vs. nypd. tomorrow  7am. zuccotti park.rt"clean up" scheduled 7am tomorrow morning. hope resistance cowardly action bloomberg...rtpls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @rti head  occupywallstreet "resistance"  nypd 7am. fun human chain  owsrtcanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viacanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viartbloomberg nypd 7am people earlier can. aiming 6am 6:30amrt7am lay  takes 2 3 cops shift 1 person  please   occupywallstreetfriday 7amest nypd  invading zuccotti pk evicting occupiers. can’t person witness watchrti 15 times.   tomorrow  occupywallstreet 7amrt"clean up" scheduled 7am tomorrow morning. hope resistance cowardly action bloomberg...rtpls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @rtpls urgent  usdor seattles camp raided 7am. arrests happening now. call mayor (206) 684 4000 seattle  usdorrtbreaking  occupywallstreet leave park "cleaning" operation  setting confrontation 7am fri
rtnaomi wolf "egging protestors..." nypd brag adrenalin rush fr abusing protestorsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtdon  nypd kick public sidewalk  campers  rtthank support....followfridaynaomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  apparently  nypd free speech.  owsnaomi wolf arrestata york  viaoccupywallstreet  worldrevolutionrtanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica17s  ows  15ortrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartgreat account night. rthow arrested  occupywallstreet   owsrtnaomi wolf arrested thefor doing illegal   owspolicestatertjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtrtat se  libertyplaza  20 people sitting knitting huge american flag.rtrtu.s marine nypd honor this. none. takes coward hurt unarmed civilian   owsoccupyoaklandoccupy oakland 10/10/11 4pm readyprogressive warrior & feminist leader  naomi wolf v. nypd 10.18.2011  viap2  fem2rtformer detectives admit planting drugs innocent meet arrest quotas  failed "war drugs"rtmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdrtanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartu.s. justice dept. accused misleading public patriot act   surveillance via

rtrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtamen rtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsoccupytogetherrtsen. sanders suggested withdraw funds major banks. agree. occupy local credit union ; }  anon  rights  ows  usdor httrt“wish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  ows”rtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtsen. sanders suggested withdraw funds major banks. agree.  occupy local credit union ; }  anon  rights  ows  usdorrtsen. sanders suggested withdraw funds major banks. agree.  occupy local credit union ; }  anon  rights  ows  usdorrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsis liberal idea. americans left sick steam rolled banks.alex capital bank supporter spoke ows ? wonder herman cain brainwashed. soros funds ows banks.duhstop racism jews wrong foolishj jews rich banks. gentiles do.rtcant  ows  occupywallstreet protest? pull money banks. buy silver gold  cheap“wish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  ows”rtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  ows
rtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrt“wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question brian schottenheimer system  wowrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflthe ranting irate n.y.  jets fan   schottenheimer  fed blogger speaksrtjets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question oc schottenheimer system   nflrtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtwonderful news rtholmes  mason & plax met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nfl
help   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards up.  rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards up.  rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards up.  rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards up.  rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards up.  rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rthelp   occupywallstreet times square billboards. 200k votes billboards. vote   rt
i city photograph rights place.rtmore  nypd targeting photographers   owsphotography  occupywallstrtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetoccupy wall street spreads worldwide [in focus]  photography   occupywallstreetmtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. incl british photographer 4 taking pics badge  s..rtrecognize guys?  nypd hunt 4  series sexual assaults.  brooklynrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsthat image avi.  york photographers dream town.rtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsjail bankers  defend democracy  occupywallstreet  iphone  instagram  jj  iphonesia  brandonkoppelphotographyrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsit wonder photog living days  mtbe reporter publish  occupywallst photos
rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.congress responsible. lobbyist out. sec job.  restore glass stegal... start . owsrtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.
rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrt72% yorkers trouble understanding  ows "incoherent" message   occupyanniversaryrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtmt72% yorkers trouble understanding  occupywallstreet "incoherent" msg72% des yorkais soutiennent le mouvement occupy wall street   occupywallstreetrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtmt72% yorkers trouble understanding  occupywallstreet "incoherent" msgrt72% yorkers trouble understanding  ows "incoherent" message   occupyanniversaryrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owspoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   ows    majority. dems?rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   ows
rtjessica simpson  eric johnson wedding hold amid pregnancy rumors   babyonboard
rt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrtnot fox news headlines anytime soon fox news survey "do agree w/  occupywallstreet" ~70% yes   p2rt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt“  70%  ows supporters politically independent  educated  employed  varying   readrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrtrtwe top tax rate 70%  60s 3% unemployment.  wiunion  p2  occupywallstreet  tcotrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupywow.  fixed noise sheeple approve  occupywallst.  70%.rtnot fox news headlines anytime soon fox news survey "do agree w/  occupywallstreet" ~70% yes   p2
rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.nypd re clearing park 6am cleaning.  protesters leaving...it showtime...jarttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rt???? ???? ???? ????? ??? ????? ???? ??????? ??? ???????? ???????? ??????? ????????? ???? ccoccupywallstreetoccupyaustin getting kicked city hall @ 2am 6am cst "cleaning".  space clean continue occupy it.rtthe mayor nyc evict. stand solidarity starting 6am.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.those slogging rain awake 3:26am york salute you. greetings occupywallst.  ineedavacationrtjoin  occupywallstreet protesters tomorrow 6am  nypd  bloomberg trying remove  zuccotti park.  owsrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rtbloomberg nypd 7am people earlier can. aiming 6am 6:30amrtmta tees plans sell driving range bronx retail developmentrtthe mayor nyc evict. stand solidarity starting 6am.rtthe mayor nyc evict. stand solidarity starting 6am.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rt???? ???? ???? ????? ??? ????? ???? ??????? ??? ???????? ???????? ??????? ????????? ???? ccoccupywallstreetrtdefend occupy wall street  ll 6am tomorrow. hear rumor union coming 4am. bring  nypd.  ows6am  “everybody ny comic con   zucotti park am support  occupywallst  real superhero.”am crazy  occupywallstreet 6am? fighting rights ain crazy 1000 :)  ourwallstreet
rtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtyou  individually  voices crowd.  re force nature.  globalchange  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrt“wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question brian schottenheimer system  wowrtyou  individually  voices crowd.  re force nature.  globalchange  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtjets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc schottenheimer systemrtyou  individually  voices crowd.  re force nature.  globalchange  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtyou  individually  voices crowd.  re force nature.  globalchange  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtyou  individually  voices crowd.  re force nature.  globalchange  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question oc schottenheimer system   nflrtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nfl
rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsdriving  takewallstreet protest leaving office. hit curb... person. didn stop check.  nodiff  occupywallstreetrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsbeautifully  hard   rtmic check. mic check. think. think.  ows needs.  ows needs. letter writing station....rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtdriving  takewallstreet protest leaving office. hit curb... person. didn stop check.  nodiff  occupywallstreetrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsno word delays. check..we ll check. oursmic check. mic check. think. think.  ows needs.  ows needs. letter writing station. letter writing station. can...rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  ows
rtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrt“wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question brian schottenheimer system  wowrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtjets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question oc schottenheimer system   nflrtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtwonderful news rtholmes  mason & plax met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer systemme  rtshould  jets stretch field passing game? santonio holmes so.   nyjrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nfl
rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtrt14 nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").   pwsrtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtrtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").
rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtwho nypd zucotti park?rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti unde… (cont)leaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"   ows  anonymous  lieshere letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtthere reasondescended  ows claims zucotti "cleaned" friday brookfield nypd itrtoccupywallstreet resembling  tahrirsquare & everyday. network tower free wifi built zucotti parkrtcleaning supplies zucotti park 2 protesters occupying wall street  owsrtoccupywallstreet resembling  tahrirsquare & everyday. network tower free wifi built zucotti parkgood lucktake public space   ows  zucottipark  freedomplaza2rtthere reasondescended  ows claims zucotti "cleaned" friday brookfield nypd ittell canada stop trying evictprotestors zucotti park. tell em piss off.rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"   ows  anonymous  liesrtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtthere reasondescended  ows claims zucotti "cleaned" friday brookfield nypd itwill search. distributed zucotti  minutes ago. visit nyc. website  mayors pagertthere reasondescended  ows claims zucotti "cleaned" friday brookfield nypd itrtmy brotherspeaking people  occupywallst @ zucotti park instagr.am/p/pwx4b/
rt 4  yes  verses star spangled bannerattention protesters start singing star spangled banner 3 times day intense   occupywallstreet  occupysfrtnyse banner rtwe hung top floor jp morgan building [at 23 wall street  nyse]rtows sd news media story suggest  occupysd banner hanger fell/pushed suicide.  occupywallstreetrttweets talking banner hung nyse tonight. "banks bailed sold out." here… (cont)rtnyse banner rtwe hung top floor jp morgan building [at 23 wall street  nyse]rtrtprevious photo originated rtlive banner hang outside nyse   occupywallstreetrtprevious photo originated rtlive banner hang outside nyse   occupywallstreetre  nyse banner photo. rtcouldn verify photo person. lockdown. unlikely photo legitimately.false dichotomy banner ad  teaparty vs.  occupywallstreet (cc)rtmarching cuomo check 4 top 1% banner   main st wall st?  99nyuphotortgreat banner photo mtny jobs & housing tax cuts 4 millionaires  99ny  owsrt"new york jobs & housing   wall street pay " banner  99ny  ows  newbottomline marchuphotogoing downtown  occupywallstreet week.. me? banner tonightrtrt 4  yes  verses star spangled bannerrtrtprevious photo originated rtlive banner hang outside nyse   occupywallstreetmttweets talking banner hung nyse tonight. "banks bailed sold out."   owsrtre  nyse banner photo. rtcouldn verify photo person. lockdown. unlikely photo legitimately.rtthe golden calf zuccotti   occupywallstreet banner near nyse  & arrest wall st sleeper  ccrtnyse banner rtwe hung top floor jp morgan building [at 23 wall street  nyse]across nyse. photo  ows protesters hang giant banner outside nyse.  occupywallstreet
rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt"85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked."rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.unfairfacts 85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.
rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"  getmoneyoutoccupyrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor  occupyhouston  occupytogether  owsrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtrtrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055ows  occupysd rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtrtrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor  ows  occupytogetherrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"two political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor  occupyhouston  occupytogether  owsrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrt"the nypd setting "free speech zone" protesters ... staten island.   ows"
rtthis please. rtanother sexual assault brooklyn. ok maybe nypd move officers aw… (cont)rtteacher’s facebook posts homosexuality questionedimmigrants sexually abused centers report immigrants reported sexually abused federal detention ce...steps bus attacked 23 woman fought fiend pummeled tried sexually ass...rtrecognize guys?  nypd hunt 4  series sexual assaults.  brooklynrtifwt nypd cop sued sexual harassment claims slander  sues accusing cop $3 millionnypd deputy accused sexual harassment fires defamation lawsuit | sexual harassment lawyersnypd girl sexually assaultedimmigrants sexually abused centers report immigrants reported sexually abused federal detention ce...followfriday(via)rtnypd cop sued sexual harassment claims slander  sues accusing cop $3m defamation  hitechcjfor love of....“two women sexually attacked brooklynrtrecognize guys?  nypd hunt 4  series sexual assaults.  brooklynrtlatina authors explore santería afro caribbean religionsrtrecognize guys?  nypd hunt 4  series sexual assaults.  brooklynnypd deputy accused sexual harassment fires defamation lawsuit | sexual harassment lawyersnypd deputy accused sexual harassment fires defamation lawsuit | sexual harassment lawyersnypd cop sued sexual harassment claims slander  sues accusing cop $3 millionnypd arrested cornering park 17th & calder. based cameras  sexual assult perp.rtlolrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsthe drunks sexually harassing female camp.


rtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaowsrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaowsrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreet

rtrtrtrtoccupywallstreet makes abc news ticker times sq.rtrtcouple forecloses bank america branchrtso cool mtmore photos  ows window display diorama peekskill candy store treatstationrtrticymi hometown march milwaukee   occupymkertalso  uw  branch am. association univ. profs issued statement support  occupyseattle   occupywallstreet.rtchase branches swamped throughout city people closing bank accounts.rtnypd arrests occupy protesters  protester citibank branch     owsoccupywallstreet 19 arrested citibank branch   occupythefedrtrtoccupywallstreet 19 arrested citibank branch   occupythefedrtooh. home  money is. dangeorus combo.tskymrta trusted source told federal agent directly dhs "anarchists" excuse. happened bostonrtcitibank blame nypd arrests "police branch staff close protesters removed"   owsrtword. rt"i am visiting  participating"owsrta fucking rtthis begging politicians. want. ball court.rta fucking rtthis begging politicians. want. ball court.nypd arrests occupy protesters  protester citibank branch | raw story  vianypd arrests occupy protesters  protester citibank branch | raw story  viawhich media tent? askabout  ows media ..rtfrom understanding  media tent occupy boston power cut?rticymi hometown march milwaukee   occupymkertwiunion too
rtnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalk     occupywallstreetrtnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalk     occupywallstreetrtrtrthere online version  occupiedwallstreetjournaloccupywallstreet special:canadian caption writer goes rogue & takes down celebrities   occupytogether  ows  usdorrta list famous writers expressing support  occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtamazing  globe & mail caption writer hijacks celeb photos slideshow  occupywallstbrilliant caption writer hijacks globe mail "celebrity photos week" photos w.  occupywallstreet supportrt:poemnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalk     occupywallstreetrtpeople awesome. canadian newspaper caption writer sabotages celebrity photo page  occupywallstreet »rtrogue caption writer brings  occupywallstreet leb fashion worldcaption writer goes rouge  look re online   occupywallstreetrtnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalkrtrtamazing  globe & mail caption writer hijacks celeb photos slideshow  occupywallstdavid hess  songwriter actor  dies 75writers nail coffin publishing industry? amazon behemoth eliminating middle..rtnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalk     occupywallstreetrtdoesn surprise all. nyc bloggers asleep ows. rtthere times food writer  ows thu...rthere online version  occupiedwallstreetjournalfamous yorkers dish favorite spots city  ones ... jane ridley writer jeryl...people awesome. canadian newspaper caption writer sabotages celebrity photo page  occupywallstreet »
rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtamazon signs authors  writing publishers deal. publishers happy campersali abdullah saleh yemen clinging power day vaguely worded pledge step  signs ...democracy america ll buy 99%  occupywallstreet yard sign. what?  occupy[redacted|township signs?  owsrt"we ve 99 rich none"  ows  owssignsrttop story amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtjudge ruled humans ‘no food rights’ resigns  takes job  monsanto law firm   usdor  occupywallstreet  owsali abdullah saleh yemen clinging power day vaguely worded pledge step  signs ...rt"one day poor left eat rich"  occupywallstreet signsrtbrooklyn yiddish signs warning women step aside  parks departm..rtjudge ruled humans ‘no food rights’ resigns  takes job  monsanto law firm   usdor  occupywallstreet  owsrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealamazon rewrites rules book publishing signs authors  publishers deal    viartrtthe 50 signs  occupywallstreet >>   usdor  owsp2  seattlenytimes african cave  signs ancient paint factoryrtnews rules signs  speaking unless spoken  hugging  eye contact  smilingfound package colored 11"x17" paper   yay signs occupy philly   occupyphilly  occupywallstreet  sept17rtactblue —  occupywallstreet yard signs    occupybaltimore  ows  taxes  usdor  occupy  unions  tarsands  occupyusaspeaking designs  artists  logos reach hostility web world graphic design...    annee
rtbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  takewallstreet  owsrti denounces attempt evict  occupywallstreet. support assemblertbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  ows protesters  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetbreaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtjesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent.  owsrtrtjesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent.  owsrtiran fails attempt monkey space   iranelection ahmadinejad?jesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent.  owsdearplease arrest   resists attempts clense park scum. resist hard...open fire.rtanon ops    ourwallstreet occupy wall street protesters arrested attempted bank account closing    citibank oct 15   occupyamericartnew video  occupywallstreet protesters arrested attempted  citibank account closing >>police attempting enforce tent rule?rtnew video  occupywallstreet protesters arrested attempted  citibank account closing >>breaking mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters   takewallstreetrttwo listing attempts eh recommendations don bring result  fightinghelp    mayor bloomberg attempting evict  occupywallstreet protesters  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetbreitbart.tv »  occupywallst poster boy trust fund baby  attempted stowaway jfkrt7 am  tomorrow  nypd attempt evict  ows. stoprtconfirmed cleanup attempt  occupywallst    ows  occupy  occupytogether  occupytheworld  hellaoccupymajor league baseball files lawsuit attempt source leaks ... major league baseball a...geraldo rivera chased occupy wall street protesters fox news host attempts interviews
australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal australia ad...rtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxdtn china australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal aust...dtn usa australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal austra...i am ;)ill tweeting appeal tomorrow aswell :) im happy xxchange system climate no2co2fear& no2corporatecarbonmarketswatch $rio $bhp $glen australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxrtgave growth economist; re    occupy  occupywallstreet fromrtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxrtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxreduce + world carbonprint  cancer  help 3rd world countries changing dietrtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal australia ad...rtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal australia ad...rtrtwell blog post done. please share  >>   rothboysme too... happywe carry tomorrow (actually today...) whisper ok :0)rtdidn choose/plan site occupy london stock exchange st paul   near violence
the intrigue (and spies) isreal formed.rtnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"i liked avideo nypd spies muslim college studentsrtnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"rtnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"rtnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’  viaamericans naive believe c.i.a. doesn spy them. nypd beat  spies them?  owsnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’rtnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"rtbecause christian paintballers. mtnypd spies muslims "militant paintball trips"rtnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"  ..  policestatertnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’ | viartnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’ | viartnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"rtnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’ | viartnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’ | viartnypd spies muslim college students "militant paintball trips"dear  nypd please step security  stationhouses  camera toting tourists camera toting tourists.  spiesinthelandrtnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’ york police departmen...  tp  usrtcampus crisis nypd spies students    islam  nypd  muslimsnypd spies muslim college students ‘militant paintball trips’
rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.the marine york talked king shit nypd major salute there. didn arrest pull guns him.  salutethe nypd literally followed home.  feel protected stalked. fine line  people.  fine line.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. ...rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtrttalked nypd brothers. 1  ows. wasn wearing blues herertjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.according people ve talked  police overnight performing sleep checks  occupyboston. weird.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rttalked nypd bros. 1  ows. wasn wearing blues herertrtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. ...rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtrttalked nypd brothers. 1  ows. wasn wearing blues herertjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rttalked nypd brothers. 1  ows. wasn wearing blues herertjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.
thank usmc sergeant shamar thomas defending rights safety protesters confronting nypd.  occupytogether  owsrtmtmarine sergeant shamar thomas nypd saying theyr supposed defend  occupywallstreet  15octdecorated u.s. marine sgt. shamar thomas nypd "..it takes coward harm unarmed civilians"  occupywallstreet  owssgt. shamar thomas discusses experience confronting nypd times square | video cafeu.s. marine sgt. shamar thomas chats nypd times square   ows  occupywallst[video] decorated u.s. marine sgt. shamar thomas tells nypd “this war  honor this”rtnypd cops don look heroic anymore. look shit   salutr sgt shamar thomas   usdorglad sgt shamar thomas   ows hero spoke nypd  stop violence towards protestorsmarine sergeant shamar thomas nypd saying theyre supposed defend  occupywallstreet  15oct   owss/o usmc sgt shamar thomas pressin  nypd klowns 30 deep nd herbed 1rt"there honor this."   decorated u.s. marine sgt. shamar thomas nypd   video  >    ows  silentnomoreusmc sergeant shamar thomas  hero  "there honor attacking unarmed citizens"rtsgt shamar thomas heerro  guy rocks  real deal.   occupywallstreet  ows  usmcmarine vet iraq shamar thomas iraq troops didn act  nypd beating people.  ows  occupywallsstreetrtformer marine confronts nypd protest   occupywallstreet  integrityusmc sergeant shamar thomas nypd exactly police brutality  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet marine corps. sgt. shamar thomas?   politicssgt. shamar thomas 25 times square cops words.   owssgt. shamar thomas   marine vs 30 nypd cops defends protest shames cops wowrtmarine sergeant shamar thomas nypd saying theyre supposed defend  occupywallstreet  15oct   owsrtwatchtonight   hero shamar thomas     stood nypd & peoples side.
rti ows unites people worldwide humanity common  creditlet source  commons  multitude  occupywallst  occupytogetherrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotasrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotasrttop cia agent nypd draws scrutiny  answers | common dreams   usdor  ows“sign petition>>take action   common cause  via”  usdor  owsrttop cia agent nypd draws scrutiny  answers | common dreams   usdor  owscheck  hopse… peace  bpg occupy movement’s common thread anger:) care imagine.  common issue occupywallstreet protests too.  re sick injustice.arab activists little common  occupywallstreet   arabspring  occupywallst  censorship  humanrights  pr…...and liberals immunize common sense.  fastandfurious  occupywallstreetnew song ;}rtthe inspired steve jobs—edwin land  founder polaroid. amazing apple & polaroid commonrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotasoccupy wall st. pepper spray cop anthony bologna loses 10 vacation days violating nypd rules | common dreams"we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas" nypd cop common practicertunite common message  ows  occupydenver  occupyla  occupyboston  occupyhouston  occupyaustin  occupydallas   goprtcommonality truest natural human trait.  solidarity  weareone  ourwallstreet  theother99  oc...rtcommonality truest natural human trait.  solidarity  weareone  ourwallstreet  theother99  occupyto...they teach math  common sense proof reading... 99%  .99% 1 %.  retract memo   usdorrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotas
rtoccupysf sfpd officer  4196 knocked protester unconscious  ows  occupywallstreetrt?  ows  occupysf  sfpd kicked 1 protester multiple times head  slammed head curb earlier  occupywallstreet  occupyfdsfrtquote day "if violence answer  govts  monopoly it?"  ows  nypd  sfpd  police  brutality  o15rtoccupysf sfpd officer  4196 knocked protester unconscious  ows  occupywallstreetthe world watching sfpdrtderrick jensen   police arresting wrong people  ows  occupysf  occupywallst  occupyboston >   nypd  sfpd  bpd  rtspread     occupysf   sfpd ready evict occupiers. live  n0.gd/pb91si  ows  occupulywallstreetspread     occupysf   sfpd ready evict occupiers. live  n0.gd/pb91si  ows  occupywallstreetspread     occupysf   sfpd ready evict occupiers. live  n0.gd/pb91si  ows  occupywallstreetrthow cia criminal torturers embedded sfpd nypd?  usdor  owstweet heard w/  teaparty mt “occupysf sfpd officer  4196 knocked protester unconscious  ows  occupywallstreet”  tcotrt?  ows  occupysf  sfpd kicked 1 protester multiple times head  slammed head curb earlier  occupywallstreet  occupyfdsfoccupysf delivered paperwork sfpd told tent laws. talk dressed suit : (rtthank  lapd  lvmpd .  nypd  sfpd  spd  bpd   notes    ows  occupyla police treat  treat good.rtred alert sfpd threatening eviction  occupysfcall 415 553 0123/1551  occupywallstreet  ows  occupythefednypd scooter cops doing saturday nite near times sq. ....and departments globally  re watching closely think.  occupy  ows  scrutiny  99percenti ve prouder ordinary citizens ashamed police.   sfpd   nypd  denverpdsfpd  nypd  denverpd  forgotten      occupywallstdecorated marine sargeant tells abusive  nypd  "there honor this."     sfpdrtoccupysf sfpd officer  4196 knocked protester unconscious  ows  occupywallstreet
occupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newscheers steve syrek helps run  ows library  world people guy.occupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newsoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newsoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newsoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33occupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily news cbc.caoccupy wall street vo...occupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newsoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily news cbc.caoccup...   teamfollowbackoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily news globe mailoccupy wall s...occupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily news globe mailoccupy wall s...occupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily news globe mailoccupy wall s...occupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily news globe mailoccupy wall s...occupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newsoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newsoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newsoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newsoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily newsautofollowglobe mailoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek ...   ifbteamfollowback globe mailoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33...   autofollowoccupy wall street voices zuccotti park steve syrek  33   york daily news globe ...
rtat york schools  finding time exercisehahahahaha  "libyan government warns nypd exercise restraint   ows   owshumor"rtfrom borowitz report libyan government urges nypd exercise restraintlibyan government warns nypd exercise restraint « borowitz ... tripoli (the borowitz report) – arrests mo...libyan government warns nypd exercise restraint « borowitz ... tripoli (the borowitz report) – arrests mo...at york schools  finding time exercise amid budget cuts testing pressures  york teachers a...rtat york schools  finding time exerciselibyan government warns nypd exercise restraint « borowitz report  via"libyan government warns nypd exercise restraint   ows"  fbrtat york schools  finding time exercisenyt blog forced exercise effects brain   health  health_newsat york schools  finding time exercisertfrom borowitz report libyan government urges nypd exercise restraintny times york schools  finding time exercise amid budget cuts testing pressures  york t...what parkinson teaches brain forced exercise eases symptoms patients parkinson diseas...well blog forced exercise effects brain forced exercise eases symptoms patients parkinson ...dtn usa york schools  finding time exercise amid budget cuts testing pressures  york t...at york schools  finding time exercise amid budget cuts testing pressures  york teachers a...libyan government warns nypd exercise restraint « borowitz ... tripoli (the borowitz report) – arrests mo...what parkinson teaches brain forced exercise eases symptoms patients parkinson diseas...rtlibyan government warns nypd exercise restraint
recession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept falling       usrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept falling grim sign enduring nature economic slu...recession officially  incomes kept falling  over?   the99percent  16m un employedrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallinggreen  jobs  median incomes shrank recession   york times  ; ) earthadapt.comrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept falling“recession officially  u.s. incomes kept falling  um...i respectfully disagree.  middle classnews recession officially  u.s. incomes kept falling grim sign enduring nature t...   nytimesrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept falling
the moment  reasons15ointeresting article false dichotomy  occupylsx  owsoccupy london stock exchange help supply petrol electricity generator  needsoftheoccupiers  occupylsx  occupyoccupylsx  needsoftheoccupiers occupiers st. pauls lots sandbags help weigh tents  occupytogether  hillsboroughrtanon ops    ourwallstreet  occupylsx julian  assange pays homage  anonymous   occupyamericaproducing studio discussion global  occupy movement  touch  esp americans skypeoccupylsx  owsthis awesometwitting legal aid info  occupylsx protestorssupport 07946541511rtthere  occupywallst  occupyottawa  occupylsx  occupymadrid  occupymelbourne    tweet townrtunifying statement  occupywallstreet?   p2  tcot  ows  getmoneyout  activism  occupylsxrtunifying statement  occupywallstreet?   p2  tcot  ows  getmoneyout  activism  occupylsxhoward stern exposes  occupywallstreet  morons  lol  occupy  ows  occupylsx  ukuncutthe rich steal  reclaim    ows  15oct  usdor  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupylsxrtthere happening  disruption & shift nytimes article   occupylsxrt"we arab spring  spanish summer  american autumn  ll global winter"  occupywallst  occupylsx  owsjulian assange @  occupylsx viacorrupt banks  corrupt cash   occupysydney  occupywallstreet  occupymcrwow. marine shames nypd behaviour towards protesters. powerful   occupywallstreet  occupylsxway  occupylondon  occupylsx  occupywallstreetrtbrilliant english occupation trending worldwide 800 souls solidaritywithand  occupyenglandrtfor world wide sit ins followrtrtrtrtoccupy london stock exchange –the initial statement   occupylsxthanks  occupywallstreet  occupyeverything  occupylsx  occupywallst  occupyla  occupywashsq  occupyvictoria  seo
rtrtnypd trying bust medical tent  butis  winning  ows81 busted performing free breast exams makes deal florida ...<<one   tidesfoundation  usdor  adbusters  unions  soros  obama  ayers  marxists<<<the original call september 17 rally york july 2011 adbusters media foundation.  sorosoccupywallstreet myth busters   ows exposes 5 conservative economic myths   tricklertoccupyflag  timelapse video  art install  occupylap2  ows5 conservative economic myths occupy wall st. helping bust | occupy wall streetrtnypd trying bust medical tent  butis  winning  owsrtjust tip iceberg ~ bad busts cost city $1.2m settlements  nypd false drug arrest lawsuitsswag "81 pretends doctor busted performing free breast examsbad busts cost city $1.2m settlements nypd false drug arrest lawsuits. ny daily newsthieves steal $112 000 worth ipads brooklyn buy burglary lightning fast bandits busted ...1stly  called  occupywallstreetspoof ~  sept17  poster time  owsfailoccupywallstreet collapse immimentreutersscoops  o15  owsfaili called  occupywallstreetspoof ~  sept17  poster time...i salute nypdoccupywallstreet  allparticipantslook 4ward 2  timessquare saturday   woohoo  o15  occupywallstreetadbusters  nypdnews  officeofthemayorfortunately nypd officer appears uninjured  4   canadian  anarchistowsfailthe 1%  canadian anarchist leading 99%ers sight behold  ...eh   occupywallstreet  failrtcatching  lying affiliated adbustersi *salute* every1  re  occupywallstreet  timessquare  o15 especially
rtoccupywallstreet protest  yes  aus flag burning below defacates it(pics)rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtthousands instances exist appropriations leveraged fundraising dollars political capital  senusdoroccupywallstreet 1200 cities worldwide   seriously? yes  (and growing).  erinburnett  censorshipmake ve transferred bank accts 2 credit unionsrthaha homie third grade birthday money credit unionit lifetime learn third grader. :)  catchingup  banktransferdaythat def helps. guessing people nw (portland/seattle/..) w/ cus forever.rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelquestion erin burnett?  claim  taxpayers money bailouts  name payment.challenge erin burnett?  claim  taxpayers money bailouts  name payment.rtsneering erin burnett drowned  occupywallstreet protesters own    video   p2  ows  occupywallstnypd respect earned.let vent&they ll peace.force it& nyc burns til dawn.rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelthe bronx aka bx  rtservadv downtown  4 via express b/t burnside ave & 167th st due nypd investigation 170th strt“first spanish language assembly / primera assemblea en español  livertsneering erin burnett drowned  occupywallstreet protesters own    video   p2  ows  occupywallstlol sorry nypd don fuck around. pertwy jail.rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtcanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viartsneering erin burnett drowned  occupywallstreet protesters own    video   p2  ows  occupywallst

rtdefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny  opesr  usdordefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny viadefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny viadefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny viadefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny viadefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny viadefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny viadefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny viartdefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny viartdefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny  opesr  usdordefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny viadefend constitution zuccotti park 7 amows  occupywallstreet  p2ny  nypd  bloombergdefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny viaglad hear  occupywallstreet innovation closed captioning projected screen ga s.  p2nyc  owsdefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2nyrtows  global don deterred   occupyyourmind stand  united  corporatist   usdor  antiwar  p2  p2nydefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny viartrt6k marching washington sq  headed times sq. meet   ows  p2ny  1urtrtcan donate laundry service shower 2  occupier? sign   ows  p2nyrtrtat 5pm   occupytimessquare. stand   occupywallstreet  ows //  99ny  p2ny  1udefend occupy wall street protesters eviction mayor bloomberg   ows  occupywallstreet  p2ny via
rtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free   libertysquare  ows  usdor  15octrtows rtdear  coned jackhammer corner liberty/bway  kindly hold  generalassembly?rtvideo nypd cops fight girls subway  |  viewhiphopif lose commute & midtown  re luck.lost & found penn station...rtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free   libertysquare  ows  usdor  15octnypd cops fight girls subway station.  viartbronx police hold subway gates enter train free 2  libertysquare  collectiveconsciousnessinactionrtvideo nypd cops fight girls subway  |  viewhiphoprtrtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free   libertysquare  ows  usdor  15octrtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free   libertysquare  ows  usdor  15octrtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free   libertysquare  ows  usdor  15octrtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free   libertysquare  ows  usdor  15octrtrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdordeath–tickets–music hall williamsburg–brooklyn ny–october 18th  2011"video nypd cops fight girls subway" tgz american hiphop"video nypd cops fight girls subway" tgz american hiphophow dare practical  mtthe millionairesmarch protesters heading uptown but...not marching..they re taking subway.we time  it’s helpful morning  commutertbronx police hold subway gates enter train free   libertysquare  ows  usdor  15octrtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free   libertysquare  ows  usdor  15octrtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free   libertysquare  ows  usdor  15oct
time shutdown wars  wage people power earth revolution  land  protect/restore ecology  achieve economic justice  occupywallstreetrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown  viartyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  feds””you accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  feds
rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrthalloween nyc haunts  thrills chillsrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallsthalloween rocks          "halloween nyc haunts  thrills chillsrthalloween nyc haunts  thrills chillsmoving "us military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallst"us military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstows rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtthis chills. pass on.  occupywallst"halloween nyc haunts  thrills chillsrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallsthalloween nyc haunts  thrills chillsrtgroup doctors standing circle holding healthcare signs. woman chills.  owsnow it“halloween nyc haunts  thrills chills
cuomo despite sagging economy  ll boost school  health spending ...rtjust tried followafter reading op eds supporting  occupywallstreet  acct suspendedcuomo despite sagging economy  ll boost school  health spending ...living half left 3000 rupees month  100 day spend else  f...afl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  occupydc  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetyou re here..why tweeting twitter suspended acct?consumers spend happiness  // article  especially soon college gradsrtows alert twitter suspendsaccount.  censorship  occupywallstrtevery $1 avg lobbyist firm spends targeted tax benefits return b/w $6 $20.   usdor  owsrtows alert twitter suspendsaccount.  censorship  occupywallstrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtevery $1 avg lobbyist firm spends targeted tax benefits return b/w $6 $20.   usdor  owsrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetchina suspends boat traffic mekong (nyt)china suspends boat traffic mekong (nyt)rtjust think. wife spends 1 week  1 american earns 1 lifetime oversea vacation kids/extended family  takewallstreetrtows alert twitter suspendsaccount.  censorship  occupywallstrtif  occupywallstreet spend night  rick perry head available.  gopdebateafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtfor updates eviction  occupywallstreet follow dn swho spending night park
rtno  veteran executive banker   occupywallst fringe movement.  glad citi ceo that.rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtyup  crap happens.veteran pissed nypd tactics "this war "   occupy wall streetrti donated money veteran friend driving nc human powered washing machine   arriving mondayoccupynh kicks noon sat  oct 15 veterans park manchester. help spread wordpony people  veterans peace hand donations   ows  occupyboston  gratitude  occupytogether  usdorbostonpolice rip american flag veteran hands  throw 2 ground.   occupyboston  amerikapolicestate  usdorrtarmy veteran scare s**t  nypd times square   occupywallstreet  ows  15ort15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrtvideo veteran rants police brutality   ows  usdorrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtwatch video boston pd arresting veterans tearing flags.  is?  occupyboston  occupywallstnycrtveterans beaten arrested  occupyboston youtube    ows  usdorrtyup  crap happens.rtoccupywallstreet marine veterans  viawow.  occupybostonrtso awesome    army veteran scare shit  nypd times square   occupywallstreet  ows  15o““veteran vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt (cont)why?  > troops iraq talk halliburton & kbr    iraq  60minutes  soldiers  veteransrtboston police throw american flag ground  arrest veterans  trash property   ows  occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rt    > u.s troops speak bankers  wars  media and...    ows  usdor
rtif  reasons15o streets  15oct  forabetterworldthe moment  reasons15ortwhy  occupywallstreet    4 reasons fromows   occupyla     occupywallst     99percentrtwe  occupyearth waking myth socioeconomic mobility.  globalchange  15oreasons  oct15  takewallstreet  99percent  ows7 reasons  bank  stocks falling   antibank  anticorp  usdorone reasons  occupywallstreet campaign tough reduce sound bites  (via)tomalacalle15o  takethestreet15o  globalchange  motivos15o  reasons15o  unitedforglobalchange  15october  15o  15m  occupywallstreet.exactly. 1 key reasons 2 vote 2 minimal idea appointed scotus6 reasons  ows protests won boost democrats   economy  politics  p2  protest5 reasons wing politicians terrified  ows   protest  economy  politics  p2rt5 reasons wing politicians terrified  ows   protest  economy  politics  p2rtbahrainthe diff bet sheia & sunnie started 14 centuries ago based political reasons  diff relgin detailsrtwe  occupyearth waking myth socioeconomic mobility.  globalchange  15oreasons  oct15  takewallstreet  99percent  owsrtwe  occupyearth waking myth socioeconomic mobility.  globalchange  15oreasons  oct15  takewallstreet  99percent  owsrtmy name list  yours? rt166 000 reasons shut  occupywallstreet tomorrowphotoset catbountry dear boston pd  you’re nypd look wrong reasons.but why? reasons? laws breaking?  ows  occupywallstgreat reasons  ows  rtbest  occupywallstreet video ve seen   occupyreno  occupylvrtdearhere 166 000 reasons evict  occupywallstreet tomorrow   ows"dearhere 166 000 reasons evict   occupywallstreet tomorrow   ows"rtwe  occupyearth waking myth socioeconomic mobility.  globalchange  15oreasons  oct15  takewallstreet  99percent  ows

rtrt.are hiding phone booth now? re front lines tonight.do hear now?  occupywallst  occupyseattle  occupyeverywhere  occupytheworldwall st. poured millions n2 nypd    getting pay now? | | alternet  believe this? omg rtur correct...let know? bc 4 uwhy now?  "because done" love    facebook app ipadwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetis footage happening ny now?occupywallst  occupytogetherwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetrtend lobbying “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”rtend corporate campaign financing “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”rtdisband/reform federal reserve “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”rt1%tax wall street transactions “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”rtmake corruption dc treason &punishable life sentence “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”rtlet fixin stuff   “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”wall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetis airing network television? haven seen now? love  ?rtwhy am getting feeling media world packing headed  occupywallstreet now?  owsrtrtsaturday month  ows occupation  larger  hey wall st. hear now?  usdorwall st. poured millions nypd    getting pay now? | | alternetrtdid know? $ move wallst. banks local credit union invested locally  wall st   ows  usdor  p2
rtwe brought 10 pizzas  occupywallstreet group. heard sickening amount truth frustrated folks. wish answers; pie.rtmy wonderful wife pizzas washington square. revolution televised  libertart4 cheese pizzas grilled onions mushrooms    vivre la revolution    thanks   99percentwhy? pizzas  rti hate nypd..rtmy wonderful wife pizzas washington square. revolution televised  libertartgive liberatos  rtthx guys donation 99 pizzas  occupywallstreet  lovertgive liberatos  rtthx guys donation 99 pizzas  occupywallstreet  lovert"peopleskitchen & running  washingtonsquarepark  dozens pizzas stacked here.  ows  o15  endthefed  fox««mt <   addresses 1% elite. send pizzas  :d»»rtrtpeopleskitchen running  washingtonsquarepark  dozens pizzas stacked here.  owsrtrtpeopleskitchen running  washingtonsquarepark  dozens pizzas stacked here.  owsrtgive liberatos  rtthx guys donation 99 pizzas  occupywallstreet  love17 pizzas sir. hold cyanide.  occupydcneedsmt <   addresses 1% elite. send pizzas  :drtrtpeopleskitchen running  washingtonsquarepark  dozens pizzas stacked here.  owsover 200 pizzas day   occupywallstreet30 mins ago occupywallst tweeting nonstop times square takeover. re tweeting nonstop pizzas re gettingextra double cheese pizzas. endless debate assembly makes famished. anchovies   needsoftheoccupiersrtgive liberatos  rtthx guys donation 99 pizzas  occupywallstreet  lovertrtpeopleskitchen running  washingtonsquarepark  dozens pizzas stacked here.  owsrpeopleskitchen running  washingtonsquarepark  dozens pizzas stacked here.  ows
rthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdorrthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdorrtboston police tried pull mubarak cover darkness. organise effective action.  occupyboston  usdor   ff usdayofragertegyptian justice ministry official mubarak boys $340 million stashed swiss banksrthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdorrthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdorrtwhat  occupywallstreet learn activists hosni mubarak? viartboston police tried pull mubarak cover darkness. organise effective action.  occupyboston  usdor   ff usdayofrageworld briefing middle east egyptian official cites swiss accounts mubarak’s sonsrtboston police tried pull mubarak cover darkness. organise effective action.  occupyboston  usdor   ff usdayofragertboston police tried pull mubarak cover darkness. organise effective action.  occupyboston  usdor   ff usdayofragerthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdor«the mubarak loyalists  mean nypd  brought horses time  ows    globalrevolution livertrthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth  usdorrthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdorrthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdorrtthe disgusting nypd action york  ows wifi 3g cut off. didn mubarak that?rtboston police tried pull mubarak cover darkness. organise effective action.  occupyboston  usdor   ff usdayofragerthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdoregyptians oust mubarak military over? happened democracy dreams? hard  isn it? luckrtthe mubarak loyalists  mean nypd  brought horses time  ows    globalrevolution live
rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.
rtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifiesrtdude"we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies"rtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former  nypd detective testifiesrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotasrtdude"we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies"rtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotasrtdude"we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies"the truth hurts fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifieswe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies  fbrtrtfabricated  drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies.we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifiesyork  police  connecticut hamas testifies nypd counter terrorism measures ...rtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifiesrtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas former nyc detective testifiesrtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former  nypd detective testifiesrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotasrtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former  nypd detective testifiesrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotas"we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas." former detective testifies“we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies”rt"we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas " former nypd narcotics detective testifies
rtformer nypd cop fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas.rtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifiesrtformer nypd detective fabricated drug charges meet arrest quotasrtdude"we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies"rtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former  nypd detective testifiesrtnypd  > rtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas.rtdude"we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies"we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest ... former nypd narcotics detective snared ...we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest ... former nypd narcotics detective snared ...rtformer  nypd detective fabricated charges meet quotas““former nypd cop fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas.rtrtformer nypd cop fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotasrtdude"we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies"the truth hurts fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifiesex nypd fabricated drug charges  statusupdate  nypd  civilrightsformer nypd detective fabricated drug charges meet arrest quotawe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies  fbrtrtfabricated  drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies.rtformer nypd det. admits fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas ..we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifiesrtpolice fabricated drug charges meet arrest quotas  > issue police swear docs properly
frequent flier selling private jet service chattering teeth  york timesobama stop selling arms  bahrain dictator  & family killing weapons  usa  eu  un  hrw  occupywallstreet  ows  ousartselling lies & tyranny expensive. truth set free.  .   usdor citizen.  dollar.  vote.can obama strike alliance  occupywallst ? wouldn  ows selling that?  occupydenver  copolsjapan courts money nuclear reactors  selling abroadbrothers charged stealing pennsylvania bridge  selling $5000   york daily newsbrothers charged stealing pennsylvania bridge  selling $5000   york daily newsrttransparent gov t. reformation modern age. politicians priests selling favors. wage wars empire bastardized ideology.  usdorfrequent flier selling private jet service chattering teeth jesse itzler  co founder marquis jet  whi...rtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtanyone notice koch bros. selling weaponry iran story completely died?  ows   ourwallstreet   p2   p21rtsong day  dedicated tothe baby boomers & else selling   listen carefully   owsrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtis america doesn yrs congress sold & selling corporations?  ows  usdor  p2  goprtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrttransparent gov t. reformation modern age. politicians priests selling favors. wage wars empire bastardized ideology.  usdorrichard dawkins   interview evolutionary biologist  selling author outspoken atheist.rtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtanyone notice koch bros. selling weaponry iran story completely died?  ows   ourwallstreet   p2   p21rtselling lies & tyranny expensive. truth set free.  .   usdor citizen.  dollar.  vote.dtn usa frequent flier selling private jet service chattering teeth jesse itzler  co founder marquis...
"millionaires march" stops chez murdoch  occupywallstreet  globalrevolutionrtupper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protestersrt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rtphotos live updates "millionaire march"  owsrt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rtupper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protesters"millionaires march" stops chez  murdoch | york daily news   protestsrt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.upper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protestersrtupper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protestersrt99ny rtabt 300 people  occupywallstreet "millionaires march" 59th st fifth plan homes wealthy  owsrt"millionaires march" stops chez murdoch | york daily newsrtupper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protestersrt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc."millionaires march" stops chez murdoch | york daily newsrtthe daily newsis live tweeting "millionaires march". updates posted live pagertprotesters  occupywallstreet "millionaires march" visit homes  koch  dimon  murdoch  nyt reporter scene says.  owsrtupper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protestersrt99ny rtabt 300 people  occupywallstreet "millionaires march" 59th st fifth plan homes wealthy  owsrtthe daily newsis live tweeting "millionaires march". updates posted live page
rt“update   crowd chanting "jesse "  nypd "who serve? protect"  ows”rt“crowd chanting "fox news lies"   angry protesters encircledat  occupywallst” karma see...rtread lemony snicket’s 13 observations related  occupywallst. trenchantly favor movementoccupywallstreet chant dayrtrtupdate   crowd chanting "jesse "  nypd "who serve? protect"  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsows <333 mtrtgeraldo flees  occupywallstreet protesters chant  ‘fox news lies ’  ...massive dance / drum / chant circle inside washington square fountain.oct15rtrtupdate   crowd chanting "jesse "  nypd "who serve? protect"  owsrtcrowd chanting "our tent " police presence growing  occupywallst  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrtrtoccupywallstreet challenge forget chants. tell personal re...rtoccupywallst movement initiate mass close chase bank accounts  chase history funding coal  mtr  owsjust leaving washington square  free chant day  occupywallstrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrtrtas dawn breaks  chant "hold square  hold square "  occupywallstreetrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrtrtrtrtcrowd starting chant "n  belong "  ows  99percentrtfox news & geraldo rivera driven  occupywallstreet ‘fox news lies ’ chant   ows  msn  bbc  cnn  cbc  nbc  ctvrtchants change "all day  week.. occupy wall street " dozens nypd escorting  liberty st  owsmerchant death  trial begins federal court world "merchant death" wa...
rt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdor3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdor
dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  nyc dance experts judge contestants judges "dancing stars"    carrie ann inaba  br...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...according "dancing stars" contestant ricki lake  participating tv wonders h...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...
rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rt“police threw punches.we threw peace signs.they rammed.we drummed.they fought.we won.  ows   ourwallstreetrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99police threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99
rtwe fuel/oil generators  water  blankets  pillows  plastic storage containers  bungee cords  needsoftheoccupiers  occupysdrtows  occupysd  occupysf  occupyboston thank standing strong   globalrevolution  sept17who ready  globaloccupy 15th?   ows  occupywallstreet  occupyseattle  occupysf  occupydc  occupysd  occupyla  notleavingrtoccupyboston help  humanly lend hand   ows  occupysd  occupychicago  occupynola  usdor  p2rtrupert murdoch declares war  occupywallst   ows  occupysd  occupyla  occupychicagortoccupysd support  power source continue livestreaming   civic centerviahow deal police  occupiers/anons.  share  occupysd  occupywallstreetrt6:00 news  west coast  occupyla   pretty crowd   occupysf  occupysd  occupywallst  ows  occupyyou  hear bit person claimed represent ny movement  occupysd. ccoccupysd  ows rt"the thousand cities hardest"rtwelcomeoccupyrapidcity  occupysd ?  ?  ows  occupyusa  occupytogether  globalchange  15o  usdorwho 99 percent? stats via  occupywallstreet  occupysdoccupysd inoccupywallstreet braces showdownrtows sd news media story suggest  occupysd banner hanger fell/pushed suicide.  occupywallstreetrtwho ready  globaloccupy 15th?   ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupysf  occupydc  occupysd  occupyla  notleaving?  ows le confirms 1 dead @  occupysd gunplay  dead base parking structure  possibly related  occupywallst protestows notes article covers angles death  occupysd apparent suicide  viaoccupywallstreetrtretweet 4 hours structures camp please please help  occupysd  occupyboston  osd  occupywallstrtoccupysd support  power source continue livestreaming   civic centerrtplease help police chief "once items removed none allowed back."  occupysd  occupy_boston  occupywallst  owsrtrupert murdoch declares war  occupywallst   ows  occupysd  occupyla  occupychicago
rtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtrtwant 2 feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheappizzajoint. ordernow   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiers
rtmore  nypd targeting photographers   owsrtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetmtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. incl british photographer 4 taking pics badge  s..rtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..that image avi.  york photographers dream town.rtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrtrtaccording photographer scene  arrests chase bank brief standoff (cc)rtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rt  occupywallstreet   pics/blog  ows  juan carlos hernandez   life photographerrt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..

child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... strength training ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...rtfitness guru c.j.senter encourages  kids country stay shape..child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru encourages kids fitchild workout guru encourages kids fitchild workout guru encourages kids fitchild workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...greatread supporting  ows movemnt  "ralph nader encourages  occupywallstreet   p2  p21  topprog"child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...child workout guru c.j. senter encourages classmates  kids ...child workout guru c.j. senter encourages classmates  kids ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...
rttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdornyu  ready  rttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdoroccupywallstreet  times square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdor
rttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsthousands  wallstreet protesters march  washingtonsquare park  hold peaceful meeting apne.ws/nb8kld  cj  owsin pink parade strides walk draws thousands breast cancer ...the thousands  occupysf march @ civic center     occupytogether  ows  usdorrtoh yea  rtrtoccupywallstreet    picture worth thousand words.rttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsap thousands protesters fill nyc times square.  occupywallstreetrtthousands instances exist appropriations leveraged fundraising dollars political capital  senusdorhow hundreds thousands people fine police involved  protect ?    owsnypd  failhow hundreds thousands people fine police involved  protect ?   owsnypdmartin luther king jr. memorial draws thousands washington  d.c. washington  thousands people gathered at...fun day  rtthousands strides walk   newyorkcityrti   thousands people corp decide campaign $ go.occupysd  ows rt"the thousand cities hardest"rt“two thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrt"how respond " walesa told polish newspaper wednesday. "the thousands people gathered near wall streetrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsi   thousands people corp decide campaign $ go.rttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  ows
rt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdor
rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtthis ugly. letter frm  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtlet clean liberty plaza  ows // west park  occupycurtneedsoftheoccupiers people  occupydenver help occupancy clean pick trash bags.rtcleaning park excuse remove demonstrators. rights protected.rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtlooks owners zuccotti park nypd "clear park"    cleaning. go.  owsrtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owsrtnypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanuprtoccupywallstreet facebook page cleansing entries   removed  examples  ows anti semitism posted  hmmm  tcot  jewish  jewleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"austinpdgreat job  occupyaustin movement. clean normal citizens.   nypd actrtbloomberg shut downto "clean up."  occupybrooms  99percent force.  solidarityrussellsimmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation city   usdorows protests  zuccotipark  libertyplaza nervous cleaning plan pretense eviction  bans suppliesbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrtbreaking "the park clean. mayor america  clean wall st.".  occupywallstreetrt.you re leaving horseshit street.  clean democracy. campaign finance info   usdor
rtneedsoftheoccupiers dustpan (kind handle) & sleeping bags  dustpan broke & re super low bags.  occupydenverrtneedsoftheoccupiers people  occupydenver help occupancy clean pick trash bags.rtchaplains informed occupiers backpacks duffle bags. bring  needsoftheoccupiersrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdornyu  ready  rttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrtchaplains informed occupiers backpacks duffle bags. bring  needsoftheoccupiersrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrtchaplains informed occupiers backpacks duffle bags. bring  needsoftheoccupiersoccupywallstreet  times square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrttimes square party wash sq park now. food provided. bring sleeping bags.  ows  15oct  usdorrtneedsoftheoccupiers people  occupydenver help occupancy clean pick trash bags.
occupywallstreetwatch live   ows  occupysfdfrtrthas built consensus 2 compromise  2 hold space.  live   ows  occupysfdfrtcall thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf  | wtf?rtrtor call mayor 415 554 6141  occupysfdf  ows"rtrtcall thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf    ows"rtcall thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf    ows"rtor call mayor 415 554 6141  occupysfdf  ows"rthas built consensus 2 compromise  2 hold space.  live   ows  occupysfdf"call thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf    ows""or call mayor 415 554 6141  occupysfdf  ows"rtcall thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf    ows  anonymousplz  occupysf  occuppysf  occupysfdf  ows  ows  ows usa soldier talk nypd video“call thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf    ows”rtcall thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf    owsrtor call mayor 415 554 6141  occupysfdf  owscall thechief 415 553 1551 tell hands  occupysfdf    owsor call mayor 415 554 6141  occupysfdf  owshas built consensus 2 compromise  2 hold space. watch live   ows  occupysfdfrtpolice arresting peaceful protesters  occupysf   ows  occupysfdfrt“"or call mayor 415 554 6141  occupysfdf  ows"” please sosrtrtpolice arresting peaceful protesters  occupysf   ows  occupysfdf
occupy prison hundreds  protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...   arrest all...  owsrtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...occupyprison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...  viaoccupycharlotte  occupydurham  occupywallst 25 arrested  occupyraleighrtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtoccupy prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denverrtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rthow corp money buy gov office sale? party money?  occupyraleigh  occupywallstreet  ows  15oct  usdorrtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver..."occupy  prison:100s ofprotesters arrested chicago phoenix  raleigh denver... peacefuloutofworksouls19  occupywallstreet morons arrested raleigh  north carolinartoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...occupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...occupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...rtc1983 hr violation rtraleigh police release ids  addresses 20 arrested  o… (cont)how corp money buy gov office sale? party money?  occupyraleigh  occupywallstreet  ows  15oct  usdornonviolence excludes duty defend aggression self & weaker brothers.  occupyraleigh  occupywallstreet  ows  15oct  usdorto quell anger forgive allowing business & gov sell out.  occupyraleigh  occupywallstreet  ows  15oct  usdor
reallyiquit rtis beyonce wearing fake baby bump?rtwanna don belong  occupywallstreet? re wearing gold fronts. class.does apply anchormen? rtcan wearing makeup boost chances getting work?rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtnypd officer warned  ows protesters wearing  anonymous masks arrested walking masked grps 3 moreoccupywallstreet protesters naive  kid story shouted  "the emperor wearing clothes "rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.how wearing guy fawkes mask haloween protests? =d  occupytheworld  ows  otw  usdor  globalrevolution  globalchangertjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtrttalked nypd brothers. 1  ows. wasn wearing blues herert*squeeeeeee*  ows  occupywallstreet shirt performing bet awards tonightrtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.is beyonce wearing fake baby bump? rumors swirl singer belly changes shape puzzles fansis beyonce wearing fake baby bump?rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.is beyonce wearing fake baby bump? rumors swirl singer belly changes shape puzzles fansman fired wearing  americanflagpin work?sooncops (& ncpd 2) wearing corporate patches nascar 2 ownsrtwanna don belong  occupywallstreet? re wearing gold fronts.wearing  occupywallstreet  shirt performing bet awards tonight   ows //v
union bosses  occupywallst protesters  fighting  evictions   homes  via  ...occupywallstreet protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homesrtrtbreakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiestoccupy wall st protesters plan millionaires march homes 5 nyc wealthiest /via<they ll pizza & heroine 4 ?rthm.  occupywallstreet crowd plans march wealthiest yorkers  homes tomorrowchase bank paid nypd beat protesters w/4.6 million chk dont buy chase foreclosed homes close accounts  teach bank lessonrtmayor bloomberg protesters targeting nyc tycoons  homes "i don achieves"rt:“breakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiestprotesters march millionaire nyc homes hundreds occupy wall street protesters marched uptown ...protesters march millionaire nyc homes hundreds occupy wall street protesters marched uptown ...occupy wall street protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes...rt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rtbcuz  hizbolla "peaceful" acts  bahrain   leave homes 4 month 4 emergency & extremely scaredratner $300m 9/11 bonds tear homes via  eminentdomain build private  atlanticyardsrtthey stole homes lives democracy. don leave  occupywallstreet  usdor  oddupypdxrt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.occupywallstreet protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes    twisters  tcot  p2protesters march millionaire nyc homes hundreds occupy wall street protesters marched uptown ...rt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rtoccupy wall street protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes  viartbreakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiest
rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstmoving "us military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallst"us military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstows rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrt“us military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evenin chills spine   occupywallst”rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallst
dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ...weightloss  health  dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ...  hr health updatedwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...
video conferencing software free trial demo. 50 seatsmy nose starts twitching david caruso nypd blue whoever interrogating lying him.rti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viartnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viai remember rtdavid caruso ew  nypd blue  reunion  wish episodesrtoh yea  rtrtoccupywallstreet    picture worth thousand words.rtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdamazing sports writing. federer religious experience 2006 nyt david foster wallacertnypd police deployed outside david koch apartment  live  march   occupywallstreet  owsrtrtdavid geffen ron burkle   frenemies? book sheds light billionaires  relationship.rtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viartnypd police deployed outside david koch apartment  live  march   occupywallstreet  owsrtnypd police deployed outside david koch apartment  live  march   occupywallstreet  owsrtbloomberg literally power decide "allowed" nycrttop obama 2012 advisor david axelrod mitt romney "stunningly inconsistent" (updated) ..rti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viadavid hess  songwriter actor  dies 75david brooks visit ground zero weird  subtle romney flip floppingdavid graeber playing rules   strange success  occupywallst.
meet nypd’s ‘hipster cop’  viartre hipster cop yupmore occupy wall street hipster cop   owsupdatesays occupy wall street hipster cop dinner   occupymyhearts/o jenna talbotgdc alum; review book ny times   unhappy hipsters rulehipster lazy journo speakrti hope meme dies. rt.interviews "hipster cop"  occupywallstreet   owsima bring guitar  occupywallst practice singing playing w/ support ofand rest fly hipster clan ?hipster cop 45 ?   owsrtdo hipsters care  occupywallst?he looks 25  cute. rtnow told hipster cop 45.hipster acrobats escape felony charges death defying acrobats arrested scaling williamsburg bridge...rtmore occupy wall street hipster cop   owsi  occupywallstreet disbands nyc snowfall. disband hipsters spring thaw?rtupdatesays occupy wall street hipster cop dinner   occupymyheartrthipstercop    occupywallstreet celebrity  (he pepper spray cool)at zuccotti park  mystery  hipster cop   quote hilarious @ article endthe nypd hipster cop.  right.  viahipstercop lols :)  occupywallstreetthe nyt hipster cop.rtthat re paper record. rtthe nyt hipster cop.
tracing roots  occupywallstreet single tweetfrom single hashtag  protest circled world   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  usdorrtsingle  occupywallstreet protester takes 161st st. rally failing welfare system   owssingle occupy wall street protester takes 161st st. rally failing welfare system     ows  15octrtsingle  occupywallstreet protester takes 161st st. rally failing welfare system   owsrtdept sanit. city receive single complaint 311 line sanitation conditions  ows rtrtsingle  occupywallstreet protester takes 161st st. rally failing welfare system   ows awesomertvideo    occupydenver interview 10 8 2011 "single payer health care"   occupytogether  ows   occupy  usdorrtbtw  drive 20 km back&forth 2  hang lot car  till  haven’t seen single soldier frm gsasingle  occupywallstreet protester takes 161st st. rally failing welfare system [great read ]rtdept sanit. city receive single complaint 311 line sanitation conditions  ows rtsingle  occupywallstreet protester takes 161st st. rally failing welfare system   ows awesometracing roots  occupywallstreet single tweet  /rtdept sanit. city receive single complaint 311 line sanitation conditions  ows rtrt   single hashtag  protest circled world    amazing...we 99%  owshakeem nicks rewrite ny giants single season record book   york daily news (blog)rtdept sanit. city receive single complaint 311 line sanitation conditions  ows rtwhite knight chronicles ii article rating single player adventure cast role leonard  same...rtdept sanit. city receive single complaint 311 line sanitation conditions  ows rtrthakeem nicks rewrite ny giants single season record bookgtfo hippie scum rtpolice formed human chain arch  allowing ppl leave single file.  ows
rtclick sign       > emergency don bloomberg shut  occupywallstreet   occupy  owsthis telling emergency evacuees leave pets storm...irreconcilable.emergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet tomorrow >>rtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsemergency call action prevent forcible closure occupy wall street   |rtbcuz  hizbolla "peaceful" acts  bahrain   leave homes 4 month 4 emergency & extremely scaredrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtannouncement   emergency action   defend  occupywallstreet facebook event   wallstcleanup  owsemergency call action prevent forcible closure occupy wall street   |rtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtclick sign       > emergency don bloomberg shut  occupywallstreet   occupy  owsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtwlf  nipclub rtwe desperate food fr dogs week emergency funds money ye… (cont)mtanonymous to. emergency distress signal. please activate operatives+agents handling  egypt.  opegyptdc park police left. emergency ga called response.  occupydc  occupykstemergency fund push $60. min trip  occupywallstreet cover eviction efforts. please helpemergency fund push $60. min trip  occupywallstreet cover eviction efforts. please ...i’m emergency trip  occupywallstreet

rtnyc city council hold "living wage" hearing | york daily news   nycouncil  livingwagehearing bilingual   babies tell languages apart      shared byrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems."very ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /via"wow neatrtvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viaoccupywallst obligatory blog post   hearing  ows movement  “stupid...rtand thursday  ll march  libertysquareto fight nyc  fracking  pipeline 7pm  spectra hearingrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.18 hearing bilingual babies tell languages apartnot trolling. love voice reason. unfollowing  love hearing side. muahrtprotesters hearing now. watch cspan.  oct6  occupydc  takewallstreetrthearing trouble chicagortvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viartvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viarti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.nyc city council hold "living wage" hearing | york daily news   nycouncil  livingwagerti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.hearing bilingual   babies tell languages apartrtcorrection hearing 5 arrested  ows
rtrtthis sums  occupywallstreetrtthis sums allrtthis sums allrtthis sums feelings  occupywallstreet.rtrtthis sums  ows  15o“this sums ||rtrtthis sums  ows  15ortrtthis sums  occupywallstreetrtthis sums allrtthis sums allwow. discovered  needsoftheoccupiers thread. sums  occupywallstreet movement.rtwow. discovered  needsoftheoccupiers thread. sums  occupywallstreet movement.this sums allrt“this sums <  amazing piclol   funny  sums frustration gettingrtrtthis sums  ows  15osums 2 minutes. agree?  ows  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupysfrtthis sums allrtthis sums allrtrtthis sums  ows  15ortthis sums all
surveillance nypd spying muslim college studentsrtus cia officer holds mystery job nypd  despite cia prohibited spying domestically     breaking news buzznypd spying  muslim  university students inside  nyc  sending undercover agents campuses.surveillance nypd spying muslim college studentsrtrss nypd spying muslim college students [surveillance]rtcair nypd spying muslim students...rtthe nypd spying muslim college studentsmetro   report nypd spying muslim studentsrtus  nypd spying  muslim  university students inside  nyc  sending undercover agents campuses.rtthe nypd spying muslim college students  => watrtus cia officer holds mystery job nypd  despite cia prohibited spying domesticallythe nypd spying muslim college students [surveillance]    wow. nypd don muslims.us cia officer holds mystery job nypd  despite cia prohibited spying domestically     breaking news buzzrtthe nypd spying muslim college studentsundercover   nypd illegally spying  muslims  collegesus cia officer holds mystery job nypd  despite cia prohibited spying domestically     breaking news buzzsyrian american accused spying syrian governmentsurveillance nypd spying muslim college studentsdrinking games tonight republican debate   video news ... nypd spying muslim students · drinking ...fbi  nypd  corporations help snitch spying  ows protestors.nypd probed muslim spying program  civil rights panel  via
pr9anthonyryan browsing scouting report   jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari...rtoccupywallstreet shirts  hats  stickers  & more. support  99percent help difference.10% sales goto  needsoftheoccupiersman center iranian plot car salesman report dabbling assassination hire  man...authors sales data 3 publishers challenge amazon continued efforts woo authorspr9anthonyryan browsing scouting report   jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari...pr9anthonyryan browsing scouting report   jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari...drugs undercover officers frame people phantom drug sales.  viadrugwar  nypdauthors sales data online 3 publisherspr9anthonyryan browsing scouting report   jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari...a dark mood surrounds corporate jet makers driven sharply increased foreign sales  particularly asia  bra...pr9anthonyryan browsing scouting report   jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari..."underwriters supposed gatekeepers  sales & marketing agents." missed red flags groupon ipodtn fashion browsing scouting report jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari...rtrt para quem queira ler tal editorial. sucinto assertivo.fashion  mode browsing scouting report jean michel cazabat store; sales jil san...browsing scouting report   jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari more.browsing scouting report jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari more.authors sales data publisherspr9anthonyryan browsing scouting report   jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari...rtauthors sales data publishers  |via cchigh furnishings direct   york times   furnishings direct younew york timesflash sales ma...
iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguestate art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...state art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguenytimes iphone conceals sheer magicwow   iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguertiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguethe seattle times sues  spd conceals dash cam videos    via   nypdstate art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguenew iphone conceals sheer (was iphone5?) magicstate art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...state art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...
rt"in party system steal economic freedom personal freedom  beware"   ows  occupywallstreetrtstop stealing artist  leave gaga.wowzers rtthieves break brooklyn buy  steal nearly 200 ipadsamerica vicious fascist empire legions steal resources  destroy ecosystems  maintain inequity & consumption  occupywallstreetrthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdor"in party system steal economic freedom personal freedom  beware"   ows  occupywallstreeti don hate wall street. lying  cheating stealing.  ows  occupy  occupywallstreetswag rtthieves break brooklyn buy  steal nearly 200 ipadsthieves steal $112 000 worth ipads brooklyn buy burglary lightning fast bandits busted ...haggerty lawyers hint mayor lied lawyers political operative accused stealing $1.1 million ma...rthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdorthe rich steal  reclaim    ows  15oct  usdor  occupywallstreet  occupytogether  occupylsxthey leftist all... occupy wall street protesters steal local businessesbrothers charged stealing pennsylvania bridge  selling $5000   york daily newsbrothers charged stealing pennsylvania bridge  selling $5000   york daily newsi smell ipad connect lol "thieves break brooklyn buy  steal nearly 200 ipadsrthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdori post twitter bankers steal poor  timeif don steal wealth (and/or born it)  99%  ows  owsnews  ourwallstreet  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet "grassroots" teaparty  "stealth" socialism  bought & paid sorosrt"in party system steal economic freedom personal freedom  beware"   ows  occupywallstreet
rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtmtrtsorryour approval rating yours. bad feelings.   owsrtthis sums feelings  occupywallstreet.rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owslol rtsorryour approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtswaaagg rtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtlolrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owslolrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owshard feelings israel hamas swap shalitrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.lolsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owshard feelings israel hamas swap shalit

manhattan 6 av & west 57 st nypd officer struck vehicle  transported ems bellevue hospital stable condition.rtplease help pannini co. food for. business hit occupation. 212 732 3110rtthe truck front alignment messed nypd tow. press plates. press wanna help out?rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.viaw south 2 & roabling  pedestrain struck. ems & nypd enroute.rtthe truck front alignment messed nypd tow. press plates. press wanna help out?brooklyn leonard st & meserole st pedestrian struck pinned vehicle. aided doa. nypd hwy ais enroute ai. 7:25:00 pm"rtnews corp plaza 100 minutes. occupy fox newsrtrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtthe truck front alignment messed nypd tow. press plates. press wanna help out?rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.brooklyn   fatal motorcyclist struck   meserole street & leonard st aided tx traumatic arrest.  nypd hwy ais enroute job (d7)manhattan 6 av & west 57 st nypd officer struck vehicle  transported ems bellevue hospital stable condition.rtq merrick blvd & 127 ave ped struck aided removed serious condition. ais requested accident investigation.rtfwdmanhattan 6 ave & west 57 st nypd officer struck vehicle  transported ems bellevue hospital stable ...rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtthe truck front alignment messed nypd tow. press plates. press wanna help out?rtcops won time square. parkingtil mon morning. occupy news corp.rtcops won time square. parkingtil mon morning. occupy news corp.
rtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owskeep peaceful. riots & violence lead crack down. brains nypd waiting it.  occupywallstreet  owsbig wigs in/behind nypd try 2 create rioting&disunity 2 disrupt & allow crackdown. white shirt cops trouble. owsrtstop children...what sound...everybody look down...occupy  ows  99percentoccupyseattle tents torn down.support coming pple worlddamn 10 nypd cars  about..to..go..down.rtcops tents down. call mayor parker approvalrtonce  looks  nypd forced stand down.  ows  occupywallstreetrtlooking down.  occupywallstreet comes times sq.  owl  nyc   @ marriott hotel/atrium lounge/8th floorrtonce  looks  nypd forced stand down.  ows  occupywallstreetrtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsrtstandoff here. nypd arrest white shirt down. ???  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyrtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsthanks man. re tied down. weather doesn look bad tonight. mud rain.rtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsrtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsrtrtcommunity purposely blocking 5th wsn police buses road cant down.  ows  occupywallstreet  oct15rtstandoff here. nypd arrest white shirt down. ???  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupygo jail rtthere rings humans linking arms 2morrow morning mayor chooses 2 shut down.  owsrtlive steam officer  white shirt  medic tent  requesting down.ows  recaprtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   ows

rtdanny glover appears atwe 24/7 warriors    usdor  usdorin  indiana  occupy  ows  collective  consciousrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."fortunately nypd officer appears uninjured  4   canadian  anarchistowsfailfortunately  nypd officer appears uninjured   nypdrtright nypd appears arresting child bear ears hat.rtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtdanny glover appears atwe 24/7 warriors    usdor  usdorin  indiana  occupy  ows  collective  consciousrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnypd moves med tent  jesse jackson appears 11.30pm + locks arm occupiers.  ows savvy believrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtdanny glover appears atwe 24/7 warriors    usdor  usdorin ...everyone appears excited "showdown" tomorrow nypd wall street occupiers  barbarismrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsthe planned cleaning appears postponed       thesquareisheld  occupywallstreetrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnypd moves med tent  jesse jackson appears 11.30pm + locks arm occupiers.  ows savvy believrtdanny glover appears atwe 24/7 warriors    usdor  usdorin  indiana  occupy  ows  collective  conscious
rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rtrti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.rti ve busy  occupywallst ll send assistant.

hearing bilingual   babies tell languages apart      shared by"very ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /via"wow neatrtvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viafreeloading  occupywallstreet protesters fight rights    partay    trustfundbabies  sex  drugs  food   owsvital signs stress harms development premature babies  study study suggests stress o...oh   “turn baby einstein?  docs discourage videos babiesrtthe brains bilingual babies  fascinating piece nyt18 hearing bilingual babies tell languages apartnyt debate "fewer babies  worse"why don pot smoking crack pipe puffing little turds home seriously hurt. re bunch babies.rtvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viartbabies  bilingualism wiring brains languagesrtvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viartwarning contains dangerously cute baby animals >>rtjungle babiesrtfact 3/5 blk babies aborted  blk babies die b4 1 @ 2x rate white babies  why?  teaparty  tcot  ucot  ocra  sgphearing bilingual   babies tell languages apartcool mtsa relevant  bilingual babies raised english speaking territorypremature babies 5x autistic   asd  autism  spedso happy children real gift  hearing bilingual babies sort languagenight night babies fighting fight.hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart
emergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet tomorrow >>rtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsemergency call action prevent forcible closure occupy wall street   |rtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsemergency call action prevent forcible closure occupy wall street   |rtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtnypd learn lesson boston dead night forcible evictions grow strengthen occupy protests  owsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure occupy wall street    occupywallstreetrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure occupy wall streetemergency call action prevent forcible closure occupy wall streetrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonops
rt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreet
stand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg . stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtows sanitation announcement. stay clean  stay sanitized  stay unified   sept17  occupywallst  vibeapprtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetanother announcement. peoples library wordpress blog.   occupywallstrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreet
rtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  ows««coming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks   (cont)rtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  ows“coming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  ows”rtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owshey thanks following glowing recommendation sparty xxrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtrtcoming occupywallstreet tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  ows
rtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsrtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtthe truck front alignment messed nypd tow. press plates. press wanna help out?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?what exactly  occupysydney about? solidarity  occupywallst commentary australian policies?rtthe truck front alignment messed nypd tow. press plates. press wanna help out?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtthe truck front alignment messed nypd tow. press plates. press wanna help out?rtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owswanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  ows 646 512 4269 vikram pandits cellphone lulz call himrtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsrtrtmsm calls war poverty &  occupywallstreet socialist. call giving banks $700b bailout?  owsrtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsrtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsrtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  owsingrates don rtpotus makes 9th visit mich fri. swing  bailout bail out?rtwanna help out?  needsoftheoccupiers   winning  ows

rtthis ugly. letter frm  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"   ows  anonymous  lieshere letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsoccupyaustin getting kicked city hall @ 2am 6am cst "cleaning".  space clean continue occupy it.rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"   ows  anonymous  liesrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   ows
rtwhen lobbyist buying government  re thinking left  them.  occupywallstreet  owsgl ny. withstand  nypd  gestapo. pay taxes on.rtoccupysf sfpd officer  4196 knocked protester unconscious  ows  occupywallstreetrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg . stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetremember  nov5    operationcashback    /  wiunion  ows  occupyseattle  occupydc  stopthemach2011  connecttheleft  usdorrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrthey guys support  occupywallstreet? do/don why? send replies tweet.  owsrtwhen lobbyist buying government  re thinking left  them.  occupywallstreet  owsrtthe dems saying  occupywallstreet save asses. haha people vs democons/republicons  owsrtarmy veteran scare s**t  nypd times square   occupywallstreet  ows  15ortthe raids  occupy encampments reminds blessed cooperation ofat  occupyportland    ows  usdorrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtso awesome    army veteran scare shit  nypd times square   occupywallstreet  ows  15ortoccupysf sfpd officer  4196 knocked protester unconscious  ows  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtnypd police deployed outside david koch apartment  live  march   occupywallstreet  owsrtcalling  nyc zuccotti park brooms/dustpans help clean   occupywallstreet  occupycleanup tomorrow  owsrtthe dems saying  occupywallstreet save asses. haha people vs democons/republicons  owsrtwhen lobbyist buying government  re thinking left  them.  occupywallstreet  owsrtwe live protesters headed mayor bloomberg dinner party   occupywallstreet  ows
rti donated money veteran friend driving nc human powered washing machine   arriving mondayrtmy nydn piece pats qb tom brady mechanical muse dialysis machine keeping alive deadly diagnosis:"twisting democracy’s machinery partisan ends" myth voter fraud nytimes   journalism  gop  p2  tcot  lawrtokay. rage machine blasting earbuds. foot fuck ceo car window?   occupywallstreetoccupydc  occupywallstreet ...  zionist  propaganda machine hopes winter  occupy  protesters  lol  weather  dc  obama  ows  jewishmtat leastput  ows  occupytheworld front page unlike  nytimes.  media  noisemachine  failrttea party movement vs ruling class machine   ows  occupywallstreet  15o  15octbe  light  teapartywhy machine political/corporal propaganda? fight people?rtokay. rage machine blasting earbuds. foot fuck ceo car window?   occupywallstreetsadly unsurprising—vending machines healthy snacks tough sell schoolsrtokay. rage machine blasting earbuds. foot fuck ceo car window?   occupywallstreetrtokay. rage machine blasting earbuds. foot fuck ceo car window?   occupywallstreetrtokay. rage machine blasting earbuds. foot fuck ceo car window?   occupywallstreetrtokay. rage machine blasting earbuds. foot fuck ceo car window?   occupywallstreetrtokay. rage machine blasting earbuds. foot fuck ceo car window?   occupywallstreetrtokay. rage machine blasting earbuds. foot fuck ceo car window?   occupywallstreetrtokay. rage machine blasting earbuds. foot fuck ceo car window?   occupywallstreetrtokay. rage machine blasting earbuds. foot fuck ceo car window?   occupywallstreetrtokay. rage machine blasting earbuds. foot fuck ceo car window?   occupywallstreetrttom morello rage machine inspired  occupywallst unannounced concert today.(cont) philly dem machine  tragic. sounds vacation lol
barack obama supporters stage harlem tea party support president re ... jennifer h. cunningham backe...rtlets occupy news corp.geraldo rivera fox booed stage protesters.   ows   ourwallstreetrtbarack obama supporters stage harlem tea party support president re ...   york daily newsbarack obama supporters stage harlem tea party support president re ... jennifer h. cunningham backe...rtoccupydenver  staged solidarity w/  occupywallstreet  hemmed riot policecbsnewyork spotlights fave ny based bands taking stage at. upbarack obama supporters stage harlem tea party support president re ... jennifer h. cunningham backe...rtrapper tone loc collapses onstage concert atlantasome happy stage news aboutvisitors to&in feb. 2012rtausterity gone wild  2k stage sit london bridge protest health care cuts  constant vigilanceyea dad nypd tho ll police escort stage hopefully lol mehaha :) lemme cause dads nypd stage gagasame haha dad nypd hopefully ll stage :)rtbarack obama supporters stage harlem tea party support president re ...   york daily news   teaparty  tlotrtstages development move broadway refurbished theatersbarack obama supporters stage harlem tea party support president re ... jennifer h. cunningham...   tcotconvido todos estarem visitando conferindo novas postagens nosso blogrthomeless stage  sleep  outside gates foundation building |  occupyseattle   occupywallstreetbrooklyn spring standards stage cmj 2011 annie reuter york (cbsnewyork) – “i s...rtisrael mulls deal  hamas swap 1 000 palestinian prisoners free hostage ..rtrapper tone loc collapses onstage concert atlanta
sources epstein leaves sox cubs theo epstein elected leave $161 million red sox mess an...rtepstein headed chicago manager  leaves boston red ..it looking official   rttheo epstein headed chicago  cubs managerrtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..theo epstein leaves boston red sox shambles  brian cashman loyal ...madden cashman loyal yanks brian cashman  unlike former boston red sox counterpart theo epstein  sti...rtsays theo epstein  cubs deal.rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..oh shit  rtsources epstein leaves sox cubsrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..fetal abduction pregnant mom baby cut stomach knife    theavengers  theoepsteintheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red sox sources  viartrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..sources epstein leaves sox cubs
rtwethepeople reclaim  occupyearth.  99percent. profit humanity.  globalchange  15oct  takewallstreet  owsrtprofit fair share money. greed else money   evil  criminals  ows  usdor  gop  tcotrtrtwe getting registered profit charity november bu… (cont)rtoccupywellington  occupynewzealand  occupywallstreet   message banks bail outs  profitsrt* privatizing profit socializing loss  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherertby  people profit war.  top ten defense stocks.    occupywallstrtthe people  occupyearth stand idly dangerously usurous profit models destroy global economy.  occupywallst  15ortwall street doesn profit problem.  greed problem. gambling addict self control.  ows  usdorbartnews occupywallst angry insolvent banks declaring record profits bailout   ows  occupyeverythingrt.cain 9 9 9 plan greatly benefit corporations profits overseas.occupy san francisco days reyhan harmanci w. klein/ap nonprofit  nonpartisan news ...braiden harvey morgan stanley $2.15 billion profit exceeds expectations   york times telegraph.co.ukmorga...ebay reports 14% rise profitrtprofit fair share money. greed else money   evil  criminals  ows  usdor  gop  tcoti wonder occupywallst protesters owner ows nonprofit projected in$300 000 don tthink protestersgettinganyrt?  ows alertsuspendsaccount  build independent profit twitter clone  censorship  occupywallstrteven else  stand yourself. re people  profit.  occupywallstreet  revolutionrt????????????????? 65% uninstalling  wallstreet ... 35% complet "people     profits"  takewallstreet  ows  hardball  occupywallstreetdécouvrez cette vidéo    goldman sachs profits? (part 1)  viaoccupywallstreet  occupyquebecrtwethepeople reclaim  occupyearth.  99percent. profit humanity.  globalchange  15oct  takewallstreet  owsoccupy wall street shop merchandise people profits   occupywallstreet  ows
rtjust tried followafter reading op eds supporting  occupywallstreet  acct suspendedrtcall ccrb hotline 24 hours day 1 800 341 ccrb. call 311 (outside nyc dial 212 yorkrtpeople arrested close accts 555 lagaurdia livestream   ows  15oct  usdor:on olbermann wall st threatening contributions pols support ows.  means acct. closures & protestors?you re here..why tweeting twitter suspended acct?make ve transferred bank accts 2 credit unionsrtcall ccrb hotline 24 hours day 1 800 341 ccrb. call 311 (outside nyc dial 212 yorkrtcall ccrb hotline 24 hours day 1 800 341 ccrb. call 311 (outside nyc dial 212 yorkrtcall ccrb hotline 24 hours day 1 800 341 ccrb. call 311 (outside nyc dial 212 yorkrther acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyrtpeople arrested close accts 555 lagaurdia livestream   ows  usdorrtremember citi customers arrested trying close accts? undercovers started b.s.   ows  nypdrtbofa +  citi won allow accts closed  serve atms 4 gov t? unacceptable.  usdor  o… (cont)rtmake ve transferred bank accts 2 credit unionsaccount suspicious. created 09  functioning website. acct before. plz rt.what waste twitter acct  yes?upload photo acct. spam bannedrtrtciti bank arrests wa sq acctholders  occupywallstreet  ows  o15  withdrawyourmoneyrt20+ protesters arrested ny  citi—went close accts. adding  ows arrest map   15ortlink breaking 30  citibank customers arrested closing acct   ows  occupytogether  live15ortbofa +  citi won allow accts closed  serve atms 4 gov t? unacceptable.  usdor  o… (cont)
rton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetin summer months  course  rton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreet“on weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreet” <     hahahahaharton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreet  99%  99percentrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetare protesting admiring?on weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?  occupywallstreet
protesters document nypd horses ramming times sq. video viral update video  share rthow animal abuse by?     people business near horses.  owsnypd violently horses occupy wall street protesters   10 15 11rt.you re leaving horseshit street.  clean democracy. campaign finance info   usdorprotesters document nypd horses ramming times sq. video viral update videoprotesters document nypd horses ramming times sq. video viral update video  modern day usa : (protesters document nypd horses ramming times sq. update video  bloomberg & nypd doing corporate masters  biddingif prepared tomorrow  remember egypt.it horrible sending camels horses  occupywallstreetrtturns running horses battle lord fucking rings isn idea assholes.  owsrtnypd dangerously horses control crowd occupy wall street times square (video)  ~pmrtnypd dangerously horses control crowd occupy wall street times square (video)  ~pm««.you re leaving horseshit street. (cont)rtsmh rtpolice horses waiting road washington square north  arch.  owshorses trained dumb animals.rope legs.bag nails.punch soft spot jaw.atkinson  nh horse riding | horse riding atkinson   horses  ridingrt.you re leaving horseshit street.  clean democracy. campaign finance info   usdorhorses? 1200lbs animal  crowd??  sounds dangerous. stay safe ows. lovewe corralling american citizens horses peacefully protestingrtmore times square.  horses. arrests.    occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupy  owsrtnypd horses charge ram protestorsrtnypd dangerously horses control crowd occupy wall street times square (video)  ~pm
rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.nobody follow unless goal solve problem. unclear directionrevolution art pursue continual positive social change  goal expect achieve  occupywallstreetthe theory tricle privitised america goals future .is violence option achieve goals revolution?  ows  obama2012  tcot  teaparty  gop2012  usdor  p2  p21  soros  clintonrtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.because goal retarded hell wasting timethey try disenfranchise obama voters  goal focus.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.it adds time tools accomplish goal  added charges won allow ticket wasteoftimertfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal   ows  blackeducanada goals utopian flexible system  realistic practical :)rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtrttech tent media station powered solar generators.  occupyphilly goal completely gridsome  ows camps visit require tent wheels... hold land folks   occupywallstreet  keepeyeongoal"why occupying & goal" > pleaseread
rtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadband government planned initiative inc...rtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadband"f.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandfcc expanding efforts connect americans broadband attempt break barrier...dtn usa f.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadband government planned initiati...rtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandrtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandrtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandrtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandrtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadband  ll  ctlrtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandrtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandrtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadband government planned initiative inc...f.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadband government planned initiative inc...fcc expanding efforts connect americans broadband plans announce wednesday companie...f.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandneed teach basics smh rtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadband government planned initiat...   internet
hearing bilingual   babies tell languages apart      shared by"very ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /via"wow neatrtvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viartthe brains bilingual babies  fascinating piece nyt18 hearing bilingual babies tell languages apartrtvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viartbabies  bilingualism wiring brains languagesrtvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viahearing bilingual   babies tell languages apartcool mtsa relevant  bilingual babies raised english speaking territoryso happy children real gift  hearing bilingual babies sort languagehearing bilingual babies tell languages apartwhy multitasking bilinguals bad kids w/ media??nytimes hearing bilingualbeing bilingual infancy helps positively shape brain  .rtvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viartvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viarthearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  fascinating nyt article   langchat  ellchat  bilingual  latismrtsafrica  relevant  >  bilingual babies raised english speaking territory   (nyt)so means  yes  babies bilingual     hearing bilingual babies tell languages apartrtvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /viartvery ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /via
rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rtrt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rtrt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rtrt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square.""nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."   tcot  owsrt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rtrt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times square."71 protesters arrested times square."
news u.s. cuts proposed size force iraq proposal american troops iraq train it...rtamerica broke  proposes pay $3.1bn  israel 2012 budget.  occupywallstproposed list demands occupy wall st movement  | idiots lose  1968 again?  viastick pizza  herm rtherman cain proposes possibly lethal electric fence mexico borderrti propose demand  occupywallstreet elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar.  ows  p2occupy wall street protesters propose national convention  release  demands    ows  p2  sept17  usdorcain proposes electrified border fence   wtfudgereally?isnt illegal? |  gop pres hopeful herman cain proposes lethal electric fence mexico bordernews u.s. cuts proposed size force iraqrtwatch  n+1 personals mtrtpeoples mic propose yes. match  libertyplazahermancain cant wait kill spot  proposes lethal electric fence mexico border  damn damn damn   goprtpeoples mic propose yes.what awful time proposewe anticipate moves $  5concon   moves illegal proposed amendment.  willmakeitharder  ows  usdordtn usa push aids memorial greenwich village park proposed creating memorial park ...dtn usa u.s. cuts proposed size force iraq proposal american troops iraq train...rti propose demand  occupywallstreet elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar.  ows  p2i propose military veterans visit police  occupywallst cities explain freedoms fought for.  isn game.  freerapper game proposes longtime girlfriend tiffany cambridge front family friends   york daily newsrti propose demand  occupywallstreet corporations people  pay taxes audited people.  ows  p2rti propose demand  occupywallstreet elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar.  ows  p2
occupywallstreet special:canadian caption writer goes rogue & takes down celebrities   occupytogether  ows  usdorfortunately nypd officer appears uninjured  4   canadian  anarchistowsfailthe 1%  canadian anarchist leading 99%ers sight behold  ...eh   occupywallstreet  failrtpeople awesome. canadian newspaper caption writer sabotages celebrity photo page  occupywallstreet »rtpls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @rtquestions linger cia operative nypdcanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viapeople awesome. canadian newspaper caption writer sabotages celebrity photo page  occupywallstreet »“pls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @rtidea  occupywallstreet protests appeal adbusters  canadian anti establishment magazine   ccedison   steve jobs   americans   canadian perspective lessonscanadian comparison jobs edison   cdn creativity weekrtpls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @rtpeople awesome. canadian newspaper caption writer sabotages celebrity photo page  occupywallstreet »rtcanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viacanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viartpls help spread word & stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tmrw. act @i am canadian watching closely  occupywallstreet hope. read verse pic 2 real hope 4 every1 tomorrowoccupywallstreet special canadian caption writer goes rogue & takes celebrities   p2  tcot  ows  mustseertcanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viartcanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  via
rt breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrtthere  occupywallst  occupyottawa  occupylsx  occupymadrid  occupymelbourne    tweet townrt breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrt breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentit time...united devided zero  ows  occupywallstreet  occupycanada  occupyottawa  occupytorontort breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentbreaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentbreaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrtit time...united devided zero  ows  occupywallstreet  occupycanada  occupyottawa  occupytorontort breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentncc voting monday evict occptn confederation park  helpin 3 days  900 cities joined occupation. didn  happening.occupyottawa   october 15th 2011 @ parliament hill  viaows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupycanadart breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrt breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percentrt breaking globally  occupytoronto  occupyottawa  occupylondon  libertysquare  occupyto |  99percenther acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyrtplease watch   ows  occupywallstreet  occupyottawa  occupycanada
hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday released israeli soldier captured mo...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins  ethan bronner reported jerusalemhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday released israeli soldier captured mo...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap beginsthe guardianhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap beginsnew york timesjerusalem — islamist palestinia...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times guardianhamas frees israeli soldier as...news hamas frees israeli soldier five captivity prisoner swap beginshamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york timesny times hamas frees israeli soldier five captivity prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday rel...new york times article  israel prisoner swap  ignores west bank byrthamas frees  israeli soldier five captivity prisoner swap begins rtprisoner swap begins: passionate peoples. standing strength convictions. pity opposite sidesrtisrael hamas prisoner swap reshape regional politics   nytpolitics rtisrael hamas prisoner swap reshape regional politics   nytrtisrael mulls deal  hamas swap 1 000 palestinian prisoners free hostage ..dtn world news hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times sydney morning heraldhamas...swapping a.j. burnett jason bay makes sense yankees metsrtisrael mulls deal hamas swap 1 000 palestinian prisoners free hostage ..rtde mest nerdete  occupywallstreet slagord  "regulate disclose rate swaps index commodity speculation " tell  emhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times globe mailhamas frees israeli soldier ...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times globe mailhamas frees israeli soldier ...
rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtows nyc  nypd threatening tear gas 20k+  times square. safe  abandon bros. & sisters  thewholeworldiswatchinghow  occupywallst  winning. daily beast "ways ows avoid co optation"   excellent   thewholeworldiswatchingrtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camprt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrtrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors  (cont)rtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camprt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtthe world watching  rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrt"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrtows nyc  nypd threatening tear gas 20k+  times square. safe  abandon bros. & sisters  thewholeworldiswatchingthewholwworldiswatching  o15  thisiswhatdemocracylookslike  wethepeoplertboston     stay strong   thewholeworldiswatching  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtbe safeoccupywallstreet  thewholeworldiswatchingpeaceful protesters maced  beaten arrested  wallst now. tell  nypd 2 hands off.  thewholeworldiswatchingows nypd motto  courtesy  professionalism  respect  uh..... lately. getting provocative. thewholeworldiswatching
rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtoccupy boston ratifies memorandum solidarity indigenous peoples   owsrtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwe shouted msm covering mj trial  (rip) & read thedeclaration peoples micrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtwe shouted msm covering mj trial  (rip) & read thedeclaration peoples micpeoples economywishing occupiers warm peaceful night. peoples heros  occupyboston  occupywallstreet  occupychicago"in smoky air " novel  newpaltz  peopleslibrary  occupywallstreetnorth carolina resolution   occupy  asheville solidarity  indigenous peoples    occupywallstreetrtntc usa occupywallstnyc teach  landlesspeoplesmovement (mst) starting beh...   occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet violence.    nypd 1% silence peoples  voices.  p2  ctl  ows  occupyyesthe american rev 16th century peoples rev sep17th  2011   ows  occupy  usdor  cnn  foxrt"peopleskitchen & running  washingtonsquarepark  dozens pizzas stacked here.  ows  o15  endthefed  foxrtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owsthingspeopleshouldnotdo harm  cruelty  evil  "you following "  nurnbergtrials  junevaconvention  nypd  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtyesthe american rev 16th century peoples rev sep17th  2011   ows  occupy  usdor  cnn  foxrtstreaming peoples mic
rtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreet
rt15oct jesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd [occupy wall st...   occupywallstreetjesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypdjesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypdrtows jesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd (occupy wall street)...   usrevolutionjesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd   gawker   blacknewsrtkanye west russell simmons joins occult wall street | hip hopocritesrtamerican nazi party joins  occupywallstreetrtyes   ayatollah hitler joins chavezoccupywallst thank iran  welcome  dncjesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd [occupy wall street]it shouldn surprise piers morgan(d cnn) & sean penn(d chavez) smear tea party nazi party joins  ows  occupywallstreetoccupy wall street jesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypdrtmarva allen hue joins harlem support obama 2012. read comments daily news here."ows jesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd (occupy wall street)...rtows jesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd (occupy wall street)...   usrevolutionjesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypd    viagolden calf joins  occupywallstreet protests   ows  teaparty  christ99% = uniting symbol day rage. 99% joins protests..  usdor succeed.  occupywallstreetrtrtamerican nazi party joins  occupywallstreetrtjesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypdjesse jackson joins human barricade tense confrontation nypdmarva allen hue joins harlem support obama 2012. read comments daily news here.
rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt"85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked."rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.unfairfacts 85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.
rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?is dream act pipe dream? tale immigrants reveals decades  broken  deportation systemrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtanybody able help broken laptop ny?  needsoftheoccupiers.  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupy  solidarity  miccheckrtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?message system brokenrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtoccupies democracies w/in oligarchic  broken  ows  occupyamerica cckeep  folksget informed. rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins ?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtoccupies democracies w/in oligarchic  broken  ows  occupyamerica cckeep  folksrtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtanybody able help broken laptop ny?  needsoftheoccupiers.  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupy  solidarity  micchecktigers 5  rangers 2 a.l.c.s. tigers’ win cuts rangers’ series lead 2 1 bruised broken facing da...
child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...occupywallstreet leaderless resistance bigger person group; messages freedom  workers  ecology hope worldinteresting cc :rtgreen column airlines weigh advantages using biofuelhearing bilingual   babies tell languages apart      shared bypig  music  4  ashtonkutcher &  demimoore   halloween  costume   fashion  food  rockofagesmoviertoct15 assange (wikileaks) auprès des indignés   arrêt sur images assange (wikileaks) auprès ...   occupywallstreetrtimages  occupyoakland   oakland  occupywallst  ows  occupywallst  99percentrtimages  occupyoakland   oakland  occupywallst  ows  occupywallst  99percent  fb"very ~ hearing bilingual babies tell languages apart  /via"wow neatah thanks...we publish final pro images...but love emrtimages rally torontortstunning  images  occupywallstreet – stunning photo diary world  99% rising   owschild workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstit 2nd time ve tried read american circus    guess 200 carny history warrants 500 pages.rtstunning  images  occupywallstreet – stunning photo diary world  99% rising   owsrt"images weapons. help topple regime." ali al bouazizi  political analyst  ows  usdorthis happening >gov. cuomo agencies provide aid 6 foreign languages help english speakersthese  occupywallstreet images similar  66 apart    timessquare  o15  alfredeisenstaedtchild workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... strength training ...

rtepstein headed chicago manager  leaves boston red ..it looking official   rttheo epstein headed chicago  cubs managergirardi unplugged manager meets media spring training – winter ...rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..new marlins  manager ozzie guillen appear espn throughout cardinals ... nina mandell outspoken new...marlins  manager ozzie guillen appear espn throughout cardinals ... nina mande...with level experience station manager   wlfrtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..girardi unplugged manager meets mediartrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..ows notes protest @  9 east 86th st home john alfred paulson hedge fund manager  nypd guy screwed  occupywallstrtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..theo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red sox sources  viartrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rthedge fund managers $1 billion pay lower effective tax rate teachers.  ows  occupywallstreet
rtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonightrt“massive  generalassembly  libertyplaza. mood electric.  ows”  fbrtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonighta print focus social media jeffrey w. hayzlett  former chief marketing officer kodak  the...rtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonighta print focus social media jeffrey w. hayzlett  former chief marketing officer kodak  the...mtthe gov legalized corruption  trained twd corporate thse ppl   jeffrey sachs (via)rtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonightrtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonightrtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonighta print focus social media jeffrey w. hayzlett  former chief marketing officer kodak  the...dr jeffrey sachs (columbia university professor) supports  occupywallstreetdr jeffrey sachs (columbia university professor) supports  occupywallstreetdr jeffrey sachs (columbia university professor) supports  occupywallstreetinteresting(jeffrey sachs)  occupywallstreet  (at ~7mins talks sweden "normal country":)rtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonightrtrti fan jeffrey sachs   occupywallstreet         occupywallstrtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonightrtvideo jeffrey sachs (columbia university prof) supports  occupywallstreet  (cont)show up. present. rtyou re defending park  re defending 99%  &  grateful.  owsrtthe gov legalized corruption  trained corporate people.   jeffrey sachstonight
rtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtamar stoudemire europe  option  nba lock sticks around.rtshort  occupywallstreet commericial  spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt"occupywallstreet commericial. spread around.  ows  occupydamestreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewa… (cont)rtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyame… (cont)rtshort  occupywallstreet commericial  spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetlol sorry nypd don fuck around. pertwy jail.
rtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  ows“coming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  ows”rtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtrtcoming occupywallstreet tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrt“coming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  ows”
money talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  viamoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  viamoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  ows  occupyeverywhere  occupychi  viamoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  viartprint infographics wealth disparity dollar bills spread message  occupywallstreet  ()money talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  víalos dolares   indignados   imprimen dolares con mensajes protest  occupygeorge  occupywallst  víamoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  viamoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  viamoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  víamoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  viamoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  viamoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  viaviamoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  viawell packaged dissent  "money talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  via"money talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  víathis awesome "money talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  via"rtque hable el dinero  money talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  víamoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  viartmoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  viamoney talks people.  occupygeorge  occupywallst  via

rtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrt"monsanto 5 dubious contributions planet   usdor  anoncorpwatch   anonymous  ows"rtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" vusdor   owsrtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonightrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributions:on olbermann wall st threatening contributions pols support ows.  means acct. closures & protestors?rtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonightrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrt1989 2008 financial sector spent $1.7b campaign contributions & $3.4b lobbying.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtsince 1989 campaign contributions finance sector total energy health care defense & telecom combined  usdor  ocwrtindiv & committees affiliated finance sector $1b campaign contributions  98 08   usdor  owsrt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" vusdor   owsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtwhere im coming  contributions chance fraud. hardline sirs
rtprotesters disrupt john boehner’s golf game newport beach  viaows   ourwallstreetthe game goes & swiss bank  president  permanent government   october2011  stopthemach2011  usdorin performance  endgame    video library   york timesbrewers 9  cardinals 6 game provides fireworks brewers beat cardinals milwaukee fell twice fi...wild cards st. louis world series hot mess baseball game. home runs available ...president obama attend hoops game aircraft carrieryes rtvideo game review  batman  arkham city line   review...has pretty top game.  infosec fair share balrogs & overly simple pass. xdrtboaters twist tailgating washington football gamesbuffalo bills qb ryan fitzpatrick wears wedding ring nfl games jennifer h. cunningham lost gam...“video game review  batman  arkham city line   reviewx mas games nba chopping block nba lockout officially threatening league tradition...   nbast. louis cardinals & allen craig strike world series game 1  win 3 2 ... rangers starter cj wilson ga...buffalo bills qb ryan fitzpatrick wears wedding ring nfl gamesrtcain 9 9 9 plan kinda similar video game? | york daily newsbraun bat powers brew crew nlcs game 1 milwaukee ryan braun debutante superstar coming out...calm cards carpenter nlcs game pitcher   getting t...cards trump brewers  ace game 3  4 3 game lot things. pitche...wolf  brewers outfox cards game 4  4 2 pitching powering  brewers defeated st. louis 4 2  and...news boaters twist tailgating washington football gamesall fun games bullfighter loses eye. dont feel bad bullfighter  sorry.
rtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdoroccupymke garden park  riverwest food  warm? supplies waterproof  blankets  bodies.   needsoftheoccupiersrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrt? occupywallstreet rtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  owrtows bodies move nyc  occupyboston.  occupywallst help fight nypd tomorrow morninghitting buffet way. rtif yr wash. sq pk   libertysquare   bodies    owsrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdorrtif yr washington sq pk   libertysquare   bodies   15oct  ows  usdor
rtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionrtplz  heyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionrtmthand warming packs  johns/thermals  tarps  rope  stakes  hammers  tents (pref.  canvas)  needsoftheoccupiersrtwho shouldarrest prostitutes pimps johns exploit traffic them?   aloosingpropositionrthave figueras   wonderful. 1 museum? guggenhiem bilbau  coz don llbrooklyn public library head linda johnson seeking sell property ... linda johnson  named pr...heyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionarrests twice vulnerable women pimps johns. time change   sextraffickingbanks pay nypd deal protesters (tyrone leroy johnson) using money gub m...rtwho shouldarrest prostitutes pimps johns exploit traffic them?   aloosingpropositiondivorce parties futile delude oneself minimizing disaster.playing election games fixing system constitutional convention futile. fix   5concon  usdorproperty | brooklyn public library head linda johnson seeking sell property ... linda...  | read more...rtrule lawholy ghost girl   memoir donna m. johnson   reviewno jackasses. wage money earned working. jesus  ing clue..arrests twice vulnerable women pimps johns. time change   alosingpropositionnobel peace prize awarded ellen johnson sirleaf  leymah gbowee tawakkol karmanrtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionarrests twice vulnerable women pimps johns. time change   sextrafficking
rtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsoccupylancaster holds assembly evening 7pm.rtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  ows
rtunwanted effects experts worry overuse sperm donors lead incest.rti propose demand  occupywallstreet elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar.  ows  p2sperm donors father huge  families   canada; experts worry lax rules ..rti propose demand  occupywallstreet elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar.  ows  p2rtunwanted effects experts worry overuse sperm donors lead incest.rti propose demand  occupywallstreet elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar.  ows  p2rt$4 600 obama donor  time  i’d delighted talk w… (cont)why corporate donors mind that? ;)rti propose demand  occupywallstreet elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar.  ows  p2if money campaigns  siding unions  biggest donors time?rt“i propose demand  occupywallst elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar”rtanother amazing meal ows. thank donors kitchen volunteers     sept17  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  takew  vibeapprti propose demand  occupywallstreet elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar.  ows  p2rtrt$4 600 obama donor  time  i’d delighted talk w… (cont)rti propose demand  occupywallstreet elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar.  ows  p2rti propose demand  occupywallstreet elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar.  ows  p2teachers soliciting donations necessities donorschoose.org.rti propose demand  occupywallstreet elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar.  ows  p2rtanon rich donor admits & 6 funded werritty unofficial fox adviser sounds michael hintze. pro ignored qs dayrtthis  rtrevealed link liam fox donors tory hqthe fuck o_o rtunwanted effects experts worry overuse sperm donors lead incest.
links skin cancer tanning beds found; considers ban ...giuliana rancic battling breast cancerginger pills help colon swelling  precursor cancer study patients ginger root supplements ...ginger pills help colon swelling  precursor cancer study patients ginger root supplements ...ginger pills help colon swelling  precursor cancer study patients ginger root supplements ...ginger pills help colon swelling  precursor cancer study patients ginger root supplements ...ginger pills help colon swelling  precursor cancer study patients ginger root supplements ...ginger pills help colon swelling  precursor cancer study patients ginger root supplements ...lumpectomy mastectomy? breast cancers require surgery  degree ...in pink parade strides walk draws thousands breast cancer ...vitamin boosts prostate cancer risk study; alarming research reverses past ... trial funded n...rtin breast cancer fight  pinking americartin breast cancer fight  pinking america“rtchristopher hitchens writing  mortality cancerskrappers waiters raise money american cancer society. see.  sklive sunday morn  centralpark formakingstrides breast cancergoodmorning  centralpark strides breast cancertext pinknynj 41518 donate $10 strides agsinst breast cancerrtin breast cancer fight  pinking americartrappers waiters raise money american cancer society. see.  skoklahoma mom cancer refused chemotherapy save life unborn child dottie..
rtwow looks james keefe  lying scumbag extrodinaire  violation probation. leaving nj  occupywallstrtconnecttheleft  occupywallstreet  usdor james  keefe reportedly creeping occupy wall streetrt....please circulate pic ofat  ows protest.   /rtows rtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtinfiltratoralert  rt...amongst  ows crowd.  notifyor asaprtjames o’keefe goes undercover nyc occupy wall street rally | truth bills  viaoccupywallstamazon rewrites rules book publishing  htrtinfiltratoralert  rt...amongst  ows crowd.  notifyor asaprtcity james p. rubin  recently bloomberg views  cuomo appointeertnormally fan nypd treating protests competition. times sq  occupywallstreetblogged  morning  professor c. baaaack soulmate  henry james.   washingtonsquarerttruth. rtif remove special elections  grievances govt solved.  usdorrttruth. rtif remove special elections  grievances govt solved.  usdorquite. short term thinking displayed james gillespie high?panic plutocrats  worried rich "not john galt." james taggert wesley mouch.rtjames keefe (guy restraining framed acorn) spottedvideo   owsrtnypd mace.will screw  occupiers /w fraudulent videos. mock + deride  peoplert&please careful  james keefe alleged  solely responsible demise acornwhoopi goldberg heading host committee quilt benefit; anthony rapp  nikki m. james  et al. performdear  nypd james keefe  conservative activist hit spotted @  occupywallst  libertyplaza violation court probationjames keefe absolute coward. game  skippy?  occupywallstreet
rtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt"occupywallstreet commericial. spread around.  ows  occupydamestreet  ourwallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewa… (cont)rtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyame… (cont)rtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet
blind cat returns home lam. happy cat reunited family.but cleared 1 cn reunite ther nt nt gon tk itnew york york timesa community erased slum clearance reunitednew york timesfollow...  apartmentsnypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama nearly 20 ago  steven b...nypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama nearly 20 ago  steven bochco david milc...nbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtsteven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbc  | ooooh  newsqualitytv.   steven bochco & david milch reunite nbc legal drama.rtbreaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...i love rage machine reunite play front york stock exchange  occupywallstreetthursday 10 mtsteven bochco & david milch reunite develop legal drama nbc“breaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrti love rage machine reunite play front york stock exchange  occupywallstreetrtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtnypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc dramanypd blue creators bochco milch reunite nbc drama   tv guide   policenewsrtbreaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbcrtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtnbc reunites bochco  milch tv news  nypd blue  duo develop lawyer drama    steven bochco david milch ha...rtbreaking steven bochco david milch reunite develop legal drama nbc
rtthe u.s. government doesnt rights privileges delegated people"  occupywallstreet  sept17  anonymousrtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"the govt doesnt care healthcare  care protecting interests.rtthe u.s. government doesnt rights privileges delegated people"  occupywallstreet  sept17  anonymousrtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtthe u.s. government doesnt rights privileges delegated people"  occupywallstreet  sept17  anonymousrtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"hermancain ex  fed chair pizza  ceo doesnt   occupywallstreet   occupiethe united richest 1%. rest world 99%.  occupywallstreet  shitthatdoesntmakesensertrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtthe u.s. government doesnt rights privileges delegated people"  occupywallstreet  sept17  anonymousfox news anti semites  occupywallstreet..they somehow outdid themselves  foxnewsdoesntcareaboutblackpeoplertthe u.s. government doesnt rights privileges delegated people"  occupywallstreet  sept17  anonymousrtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"
rtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreet
just "get money out" politics & voters decide. democracyrtrepublicans &  democrats blame  money politics.    getmoneyout  gop  ows  tcotrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"  getmoneyoutoccupyrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorthey try disenfranchise obama voters  goal focus.rtvoter id laws prevent people voting    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows   usdor"twisting democracy’s machinery partisan ends" myth voter fraud nytimes   journalism  gop  p2  tcot  lawrtpolitical memo dispirited french voters  ‘none above’rtonly registered voters donate pols district. cap 5% median national incomertkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtoccupy  justsayin  occupytogether  weareleaders maybe co opt dem party instead. :)rtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtmy commentary onprotests; panel voter suppressionrtrtpoll york city voters overwhelmingly support occupy wall streetrt“lobbyists super inside track super committee. ordinary voters shut out.   tcot”  usdayofragerthasbeating obama 43% 41% americanvoter learning hermancain  teapartygop getting nervous voter registration drives @  occupywallst protest country  workrtso tired gop voters "get job" & don realize "i job"  ows  occupypdx  usdorrthasbeating obama 43% 41% americanvoter learning hermancain  teapartyrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdor
at library  vintage hip hop meditationhe arts beat library  vintage hip hop meditation chuck public enemy rap music wa...at library  vintage hip hop meditation           picrteinfache tipps für die mitternachts welt friedensmeditation  genießen sie die erfahrung   ows  usdor  15octrt1st video coverage  ows |leads meditation at>>rtartsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditationrtrtbeautiful calm tonight. meditation circles. projection screens. light convo. vibes  occupywallst  owsnytimes artsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditation chuck public enemy r...at library  vintage hip hop meditationat library  vintage hip hop meditation jennifer schuessler chuck public enemy famously sai...rtartsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditationgather occupy public  peaceful protests meditation posture.  occupywallstreetrtrtbeautiful calm tonight. meditation circles. projection screens. light convo. vibes  occupywallst  owsartsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditation   teamfollowbackrtrtbeautiful calm tonight. meditation circles. projection screens. light convo. vibes  occupywallst  owsat library  vintage hip hop meditation   york times (blog)rt1st video coverage  ows |leads meditation at>>rtmtthe drum circle ceasing ga. quiet creates space yogic meditation circle   owscome meditation 3  occupywallstreet<3<3 meditation/spiritual circleso sweet & cleansing.1st video coverage  ows |leads meditation at>>
rtwe love brooklyn  apparently (many of) love us. <3  viaoccupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdnaomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  apparently  nypd free speech.  owsrtapparently real;  reform including  justice.  sadface  ows  occupywallst  99percentrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdwsj snoozes  apparently wakes 2 connection  ows & student loan debt  ccrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrtapparently nypd di johnny "fists" cardona fjc security services  checkrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdapparently nypd worse telling parkrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrtsooo yeah  apparently 1% privately paid nypd cops  ows protesters.   owsapparently 1% privately paid nypd cops protesters.   occupywallstreet  occupybostonrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrtoccupywallst 36% favorable  41% unfavorable. | apparently majority opposes marxism  tcot  lur  1u  p2heads rtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypd   bit.ly/qwsscnrtriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas protestors.   usrevolutionrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrtlots commotion. nypd apparently taking "medical tent."  ows
rtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtwe brought 10 pizzas  occupywallstreet group. heard sickening amount truth frustrated folks. wish answers; pie.rtdrug  alcohol porno escape american. fortunately  occupywallstreet recognized trick awaking peoplertour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorthose sustain ecology job & economy growing don understand ecosystems  occupywallstreetwomen grow 90% food  80%  own 1% world assets. movement   occupywallstreetrtoccupytrenton nj evicted  media livestream  pls retweet   ows  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtoh good. "only mountain lion  grizzly bear monkey remained unaccounted for"rtnot nytimes reporters directly wall street  apparently nypdrtlobbyists long. time come. people anymore.  ows  takewallstreet  occuppywallstreetthe nypd hard people ows.  lot crap daily basis.rtpicking paycks? mtrtnoticable    nypd plainclothes/taru entering/exiting id liberty plaza  owsrthandcuffs & bars hold  occupyboston  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  99percentbanker bemoaning earning $500k   economy  occupywallstreet  stopthemach2001  october2011  takebackamerica  usdorrtto   occupynh recamp. w/ crackdown  grow stronger. space redress grievances. lead   ows  usdorrtget excited   event comment   night onlyowsrthas taught wealthy can&enjoy freedom  ows  anonymous  usdor  nypd  nypdprivatearmytwitter source  media coverage else.new york 13 237 yellow taxis; 231 accommodate wheelchair. 1.7%.  luck finding cab.stay focused fed corporations   fed  fed  fed   stay course
rtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrt“wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question brian schottenheimer system  wowrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtjets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc schottenheimer systemrtyeah  look effective teaparty       sarcasm““former nypd cop fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas.rtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtrtreminder 1pm london   support fortnum masons defendants   ukuncutrtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question oc schottenheimer system   nflrtrtthe  ows chris hedges teach attracted crowd  nypd surroundingrtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtrt““former nypd cop fabricated drug charges innocent peopl… (cont)rtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nfl
rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?occupysesamestreet rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?"needsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?"(2nd req) 2 tell people seeking 2 $ donation allocated specifically 2 medical supplies? plzadvise"needsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?"
rtjesse jackson locked arms protesters trying protect medic tent  ows nycrtthe nypd tried raid med tent & shut  jesse jackson & locked hands medics&rtthe police tried raid med tent & shut  jesse jackson & locked hands medics&court french cop watching site blockedrtjesse jackson locked arms protesters front tent. live   ows  occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet blocked trending  researchlivestream web site blocked turkey due government excuses.  occupywallstreetrtthe police tried raid med tent & shut  jesse jackson & locked hands medics&facebook blocked website spam  ve posting  occupywallstreet reports  on?jesse jackson locked arms protect tent  ows (risking arrest). watchjesse jackson locked arms protesters trying protect medic tent  ows nycdetroit  booty lounge  stripper party bus blocked tailgating ... philip caulfield booty loun...rtjesse jackson locked arms protesters front tent. live   ows  occupywallstreetrtjesse jackson locked arms protesters front tent. live   ows  occupywallstreetrtprotesters locked capitol denver. protest outside getting loud   occupydenver  ows  occupywallstnycrtprotesters locked capitol denver. protest outside getting loud   occupydenver  ows  occupywallstnycrtthe police tried raid med tent & shut  jesse jackson & locked hands medics&rtthe police tried raid med tent & shut  jesse jackson & locked hands medics&rtboom  rtifcared sanitation wouldn blocked porta potties dumpsters.rtcongress locked $1.5t deficit fed secretly $16t failing banks & corps world?    occupywallstrtboom  rtifcared sanitation wouldn blocked porta potties dumpsters.
rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "march progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "  occupyquebecrtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks ""march progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks ""rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this de ...rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "wonder brookfield pocketing nearly 700k meant business figurs bloombergs concern local businessthis bloombergs office luck 212 york  ows

rtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdor


sois correcting stat 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrt24 74  ows arrests criminal trespass inside citibank. nypd breakdownrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square breakdown  /viaoccupywallstreetrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdown"arrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdown  ? revolution?"the message  occupywallstreet". brilliant graphical breakdown american economic inequality"the message  occupywallstreet". brilliant graphical breakdown american economic inequality"the message  occupywallstreet". brilliant graphical breakdown american economic inequality"the message  occupywallstreet". brilliant graphical breakdown american economic inequality"the message  occupywallstreet". brilliant graphical breakdown american economic inequality"the message  occupywallstreet". brilliant graphical breakdown american economic inequalityrtrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdown

rt"you don petting zoo interact animals. pigs sheep " ~sn  occupywallstreetrtwhen donated aspca imagined animals treated rescued abuse?   peta  hsus  dogfreed monkey eaten tiger eccentric ohio killed setting dozens wild animals   includi...freed monkey eaten tiger eccentric ohio killed setting dozens wild animals   includi...rt_ donated aspca imagined animals treated rescued abuse?   peta  hsus  dog  catows  occupywallst street fight sex animals    loltelevision review ‘pajanimals’ puppets  sprout  nudge kids bed   reviewi ll eyed shark day....amazing animals kingdom odditiesterry thompson  owner zanesville  ohio animal farm  freed wild animals ki..horses trained dumb animals.rope legs.bag nails.punch soft spot jaw.rtwarning contains dangerously cute baby animals >>rtjungle babiesrtwild animals including lions  cheetahs  bears &amp; wolves escape zanesville  ohio an..excitingads  u.s. cattlemen export animals rebuild  russia’s herds barred trade…dozens wild animals released ohio shot killed. tragic.goes 2 usa cares 4 grass & animals  humansnytimes deputies hunt exotic animals loose ohiortlife human  profit right; true  human values life  animals  earth  & water " dd  ows  occupywallstobservatory male cricket hovers sex ensure mate’s safety  ~humans learn lot animals.dozens animals killed freed zanesville  ohio  reservertrtsickening nypd using horses weapons. "get animals horses."  owsi  awful  hate animals  rtpoor nypd horses look terrified times square. ows
interview   "using art spread protest spirit"   via:s art handlers protest london  threatening disrupt contemporary art salepretty cool  stuff. thanks doing. wishoccupywallstreet artinfo  culture magazine helped spark occupy wall street  viaheadlines
private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...rtprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor  viadwn  stopice  ri4a  altopolimigra  p2private immigration jails bucks locking poor  via<rtpressed  sheriff agrees jails inquiryrtprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor  viadwn  stopice  ri4a  altopolimigra  p2private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...immigration jails $$$ locking poor   shady business. hey  cares   the...private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...urge red cross union phone banks contact jails count protesters bars re ok  occupyla  occupywallstrt| urge redcross union phone banks contact jails count protesters bars theyre ok  occupyla  occupywallstprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor  viadwn  stopice  ri4a  altopolimigra  p2thx brotha rtunderstand mood. millions support. city jails won waves follow  prayers l.ait billion dollar business private immigration jails  lots money locking...cash private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar busi...private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...private immigration jails bucks locking poorthat means  sake capitalist system  money kept banks free individuals kept jails..  occupywallstreetnews private immigration jails bucks locking poor  read
what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthis clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  obama2012what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip ofexposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?what clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?    occupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetinteresting cc :rtgreen column airlines weigh advantages using biofuelrtwe fuel/oil generators  water  blankets  pillows  plastic storage containers  bungee cords  needsoftheoccupiers  occupysdrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetvideo  pilot ditches pacific running fuelrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtmust read. chris hedges ows.   occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  occupy  99percent  libertyplazartzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuel?ows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallst //  occupysamsarartrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtif nyc  write skin   212.679.6018. call arrested. ows lawyers.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtprotesters met bloomberg restaurant tonight voice concerns deliver petitions. ignored them.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet
"we tweeting west papua  desperately attention. please followand"rtgratitudertthanks   feel free tweet west papua  opwestpapua. reliable info followrtrtwe tweeting west papua  desperately attention.  please followandrtthanks   feel free tweet west papua  opwestpapua. reliable info followrtwest papua alerts   police army fire papuan congress.  rtrtplease continue support peoples freedom movement  westpapua  led bynooneisfreeuntilweareallfreertfollowthey tweeting west  papua twitter attention follow&rtrtfollowthey tweeting west  papua twitter attention follow&rtrtrtwest papua alerts   police army fire papuan congress.  please rtrtrtwest papua alerts   police army fire papuan congress.  please rtrtwest papua alerts   police army fire papuan congress.  rtrtrtthe brutality indonesian police firing & beating innocent west papuan civiliansrtrtwest  papua alerts    police  army fire  papuan  congress.  rtrtrtwe tweeting west papua  desperately attention.  please followandrtfollowthey tweeting west  papua twitter attention follow&rt“west papua alerts   police army fire papuan congress.  please rt”rtrtrtwe tweeting west papua  desperately attention.  please followandthanks   feel free tweet west papua  opwestpapua. reliable info followfollowthey tweeting west  papua twitter attention follow&

rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rt
rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins fuss about?
answers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   washington postrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwautofollow washington (ap) — months ago  cia experienced clandestine opera...   ffrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwrtftisland   birds  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senate reverse citizens unitedrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom answers vary senior cia clandestine officer is...cia activity nypd questioned answers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing ny...rtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwcia activity nypd questioned answers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing ny...what cia doing nypd? depends whom answers vary senior cia clandestine officer...cia activity nypd questioned answers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing ny...rtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwrtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vwcia activity nypd questioned answers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing ny...rtanswers vary senior cia clandestine officer doing nypd   vw
rt“update   crowd chanting "jesse "  nypd "who serve? protect"  ows”rt“crowd chanting "fox news lies"   angry protesters encircledat  occupywallst” karma see...rtrtupdate   crowd chanting "jesse "  nypd "who serve? protect"  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrtrtupdate   crowd chanting "jesse "  nypd "who serve? protect"  owsrtcrowd chanting "our tent " police presence growing  occupywallst  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsoccupy  crowd times sq. peaceful  chanting  democracy looks   live.rt“two thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrtrtcrowd chanting "we love you" nypd.   occupywallstreet  occupy  ows  ourwallstreet awesomerttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks ...rttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrtnypd retreats.  occupywallstreet  15oct chanting  violent protestrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  ows
rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydenver medics  especially trained. currently extremely team & re exhaustedrtrt"thank calling city boston. currently experience call volumn due  occupyboston" (617) 635.4500currently readingcurrently readingwho currently charge egypt?  ows  obama2012  tcot  teaparty  gop2012  p2  p21  usdorwho currently charge egypt? believe military rule?  ows  usdor  tcot  obama2012  gop2012  tcot  teaparty  p2  p21currently readingrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydenver medics  especially trained. currently extremely team & re exhaustedrtrt"thank calling city boston. currently experience call volumn due  occupyboston" (617) 635.4500rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydenver medics  especially trained. currently extremely team & re exhaustedcurrently readingcurrently readingrtrt"occupy boston" currently trending unitedrtrt"thank calling city boston. currently experience cal… (cont)rtrt"occupy boston" currently trending unitedrttheaccount currently secure. pls widely.currently readingfat loss tips   obese  children double chance getting  asthma currently reading   diet  health  weightcurrently readingrtrt"thank calling city boston. currently experience call volumn due  occupyboston" (617) 635.4500rtrt"occupy boston" currently trending united
rtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdor
rtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsformer beauty queen led feds  whitey  bulger former miss iceland appeared episode 1980s ...rtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsfeds hope bridge gap dot & amtrak meeting solve impasse bronx greenway plancherchez informant former beauty queen led feds  whitey  bulgeryou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  feds””you accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  feds
rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstthanks excellent reportage.  safe tonight everyone.  owsrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallsttake value dollar seek. promote awareness  educate everyone.rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallst“71 protesters arrested times square   ows  breaking” stay safe everyone.can please everyone...voila ideas eating ny...hey  mr. criticrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstthank everyone.  solidarity town pa.    globalrevolution livewish  spirit  luck everyone.rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallst......empty homes everyone. occupation. croud able evict.rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstthis movement everyone.rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallst
brewers 9  cardinals 6 game provides fireworks brewers beat cardinals milwaukee fell twice fi...rtcardinals 4  brewers 3 n.l.c.s.   cardinals strike  bullpen restbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drove pivotal run...rtcardinals 12  brewers 6 cardinals slug world seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriescards trump brewers  ace game 3  4 3 game lot things. pitche...wolf  brewers outfox cards game 4  4 2 pitching powering  brewers defeated st. louis 4 2  and...rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesfielder weeks longtime friends  brewers prince fielder’s impending free agency separate ..."brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series  oh.dtn usa baseball brewers trying moment late 1990s  milwaukee h...cardinals 4  brewers 3 n.l.c.s. — cardinals strike  bullpen rest st. louis scored only...i ve located predictions 101 writers 1  cardinals   brewers   rangers   tigers.nytimessports baseball brewers trying momentnytimessports brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series"brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesfielder weeks longtime friends  brewers prince fielder’s impending free agency separate ...
here video  nypd using strobe lights filming nightrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrthere video  nypd using strobe lights filming nightrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaowsrttonight 11 nypd makes polite  impassioned plea quit filming beating unarmed citizens.  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtmany armed cops filming  occupyboston protestorsrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrthere video  nypd using strobe lights filming nightrtis legal 4to strobe light prevent protesters filming actions.   owsrtmany armed cops filming  occupyboston protestorsrtrtthe helicopter circling overhead filming movie zombie tools.  occupymissoula  owsmtcameras  rtpolice coming 2 lasalle & jackson 2 remove  occupychi... cameras filmingrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows
rtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtoccupy department education   tuesday  october 25th:30pm seward park school  350 grand street.   iows  occupywallstnycrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordgeneralassembly meetings held day sunday 5:30pm  washingtonsquare information occupying parkmeet 5:30pm tmw  generalassembly meeting  washingtonsquare. 4pm help plan. post minutes soon.rtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtoccupy department education   tuesday  october 25th:30pm seward park school  350 grand street.   iows  occupywallstnycrtgeneralassembly meetings held day sunday 5:30pm  washingtonsquare information occupying parkrtcelebrate halloween nyc dads 10/24 @ 5:30pm – candy  gifts & prizes. rsvp @ 212 331 4990rtgen assembly wash sq park decides 5:30 p.m. meetings week  owsoccupy department education   tuesday  october 25th:30pm seward park school  350 grand street.   iows  occupywallstnycrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread word
thanxone girl’s courage  stand sexual violence   support  internationalviolenceagainstwomenactactually electronics foxconn slaves. coherent reenact glass steagallthe protest nypd reenact bull conner 1963 birmingham al. tactics. dogs fire hoses time.fyithey reny communities change  united ny comm/labor grouplove it. rtows livestream reenacting med tent showdown hand puppets (no puppets  hands).b2st   lights  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall act2ne1   (eng ver.)  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actsuper baby   misook  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actgdragon   shine light concert  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall acttvxq    occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actshinee   shout  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actmblaq   shouldn speak..  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actcoed   bbiribbom bberibbom  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall act???   dr feel (korean ver.)  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actss501   (inst.)  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actb1a4   o.k  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actblock   tell friends  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actkara   magic  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actboa   06. valenti  occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall actbeast    occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall act>>   tune >>>   occupywallstreet re enact glass steagall act
rtempathize  99percent.  nonzerosum  occupywallstreet  owsrtthat pesky constitution  rtmayor sympathizes protesters  "can’t tie ci...president clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...president clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p..."the price apathy towards public affairs ruled evil men"   plato.  ows  sep17  occupywallstreet  takewallstreetamazon step path world dominationthe empathy citizenswhere aren public officials allowed empathy allrtwhen wake  ows proud american.today apathy  99president clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...rtpsychopathic killers leave clues speech patterns   possibly texts & tweetspresident clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...rtpsychopathic killers leave clues speech patterns   possibly texts & tweets ny professor...   mediamonitoringoccupywallst national sympathy 4 protestors  millions identify protestors. attackg innyt president clinton golf path fitness   health  health_newslame biased reporting  ows. sympathetic bloomberg nypd. gee wonder owns them.one disease  personal pathsrtthe nypd continues efforts garner public sympathy ows this time arrested naomi wolf discuss...i am  sitting   dark  crying  brutalized &  arrested atows over.. oh  empathicwork   occupydc nyc. 2 seniors tackled  busted nypd.  patheticpharmacy president clinton golf path fitness former president bill clinton hosted round...
citibank  nypd believe arresting customers. nyc citibank   oct 15th  ows  viaonline banking customers hook fees customers frustrated banks’ controversial fees findi...rtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdornytimes online banking customers hook feesrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorthe guy thrown jail  loses job. goes customers jumped counter.my  occupywallst moment  fucking life avoid  dont money cvs  walmart treats customers betterrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorsuperstar meets superstar   brian + grant= happy customerswhen superstars meet customers happy..brian+grant=off chartsnews nypd arrests woman citibank screams "i customer " (video)rtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorbank america refuses customers close account (video)   occupywallstunbelievable video.  3 people involved  cashier  customers  charged.rtremember citi customers arrested trying close accts? undercovers started b.s.   ows  nypdrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdoronline banking = customer retention? fees?customers citibank getting cuffed? ?   occupywallstreetrtif citibanc account  close it. dozen  occupywallstreet customers arrested  trying close accountrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdor
rtoccupywallstreet fellow occupiers  coming  wallst friday  pls  ll bring whatever :)  sept17rtbloomberg hide brookfield properties one. whatever goes 100% nypd decision.  owsrtwhatever happened global warming?       auspolrtnews analysis whatever happened global warming?rtbloomberg hide brookfield properties one. whatever goes 100% nypd decision.  owswhatever happened global warming?  rtclimatetheyll uproot  dig  lay compost months  plant saplings growm whatever takesnews analysis whatever happened global warming? countries take...   global_warming  environmentyou that? send whatever  thanks bro. ve bad feeling tmrrwrtbloomberg hide brookfield properties one. whatever goes 100% nypd decision.  owsrtbloomberg hide brookfield properties one. whatever goes 100% nypd decision.  owsrtnews analysis whatever happened global warming?rtbloomberg hide brookfield properties one. whatever goes 100% nypd decision.  owsrtnews analysis whatever happened global warming?rtbloomberg hide brookfield properties one. whatever goes 100% nypd decision.  owscall hippies  liberals  radicals  whatever like. truth  truth. 99%.owsrtnews analysis whatever happened global warming?rt accurate hey whatever coolrtbloomberg hide brookfield properties one. whatever goes 100% nypd decision.  owsmore burress onstory "whoever wrote story stories. sell papers whatever be."rtoccupywallstreet fellow occupiers  coming  wallst friday  pls  ll bring whatever :)  sept17
rtrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtamen rtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsoccupytogetherrtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   email owsoutreachfor details    ows  occupywallstnycrt“wish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  ows”rtbrooklyn yiddish signs warning women step aside  parks departm..your stand =s global change. ms. parks didn seat & neither u. reaping sayingrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   email owsoutreachfor details    ows  occupywallstnycrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   ows  occupywallstnyc  occupyphilly  measure faith |rtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   ows  occupywallstnyc  occupyphilly  measure faithrtoccupywallsreet leftists worsen economy costing nypd $2 000 000+ ot  polluting streets & parks protest biggest job creatorsrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsnypd operations tents allowed private parks  verify legal dept amrtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   email owsoutreachfor details    ows  occupywallstnyc
rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtstill looking laptop 4g network continue livestreaming  please help 24/7 feedrtmedia donation laptops. mac livestreaming. anything. thanks   needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtoccupysf livestreaming)macbookpro stolen comms booth night. spare laptop/webcam/equip?  needsoftheoccupiers (pls rt)rtwe laptop 4g hotspot finally set live stream jc. help?  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe desperate generator  dedicated laptop 4g hotspot jersey city  needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99rtmark words criminals nyc mugging laptop protesters zuccotti soon. nypd help  owsrtanybody able help broken laptop ny?  needsoftheoccupiers.  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupy  solidarity  miccheckcan specify amount equipment:laptop generator etc.ready pay items 2 mail marina.happy.tour.comcan specify amount equipmnt:laptop generator etc.ready pay items 2 mail marina.happy.tour.comneedsoftheoccupiers specify amount equipment:laptops etc.ready pay items 2 mail marina.happy.tour.comrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwe desperate generator  dedicated laptop 4g hotspot jersey city  needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtcity michael dinges dead apple laptops artrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersabout pack laptop  nypd jacket & walk office 33rd street delancey street shaken & stirredrtneedsoftheoccupiers corporation supply laptop?  try help.
rtmust read notice "no fear" animal farm themes "spark" notes   occupywallstreet  ows   revolution  news  media  o13rtlooks owners zuccotti park nypd "clear park"    cleaning. go.  owsrtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").ows urgent " nypd police getting ready raid park"  washingtonsquare  occupywallstreet plzrtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtows "we prepared sleeping gear food assembly decides occupy park"  washingtonsquare  wearethe99rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtrtzuccotti park owners  nypd "to help park" cleaned.   owsrtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtows urgent " nypd police getting ready raid park"  washingtonsquare  occupywallstreet plzrtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtrtows announcement " nypd police getting ready raid park"  washingtonsquare  occupywashingtonsquarertfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").rtfourteen nyc councilmembers call bloomberg empty zuccotti park (calling "liberty park").occu lujah   ows media/people answer  "not  answer park"rtmust read notice "no fear" animal farm themes "spark" notes   occupywallstreet  ows   revolution  news  media  o13and universe "i wash  park"  ows  solidarity  occupyaustin
rtthat whyows assemblies & workgroups  hows & build consensusrtthat whyows assemblies & workgroups  hows & build consensusrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtassemblies parks 20 people require permits   usdor posted.  owsrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtin toronto boston assemblies taking squares ccoccupytogetherrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtoccupysydney children fountain  chatting  discussions  assemblies tents & ...rtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread word.these assemblies joke oh communist.  astroturf  usefulidiots  cultofmarxism  occupyidiocyrtduring temperature check  assemblies  hold hands air wiggle fingers approvertnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread wordwalked 60 wall street 3 huge assemblies action weren occupying wall streetrtnycga assemblies tonight  occupywashingtonsquare 5:30 /  libertysquare 7:00  spread word
rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.the quad east hasn’t invited  east officials invitations potential ...rtfinding potential vacant lots     clevelandrtrtall potential awkward silences conversation filled chat  occupywallstreetowsrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.immigration talk hispanics republican strategists recent remarks potentially n...rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.letter chess offered insight student’s potential   york timesrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rtall potential awkward silences conversation filled chat  occupywallstreetowshere  guess orig tea partiers consdrd 1st wave potential terrorists. occupiers.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.for media view potential   shale   gas    energytwin sisters test positive potentially deadly breast cancer gene kathleen lucadamo kelly mcspirit h...liberians count votes fraud allegations adam nossiter dakar  senegal — signaling potential trouble ...rtnypd deploying officers brooklyn surrounding liberty  potential serial rapist(s) bkn/queens. plz confirm  owsrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.i won wasted potentialthe eu leaders meeting oct. 23 potential positive historic moment negative catalyst.  jobs  ows  occupywallst
iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguertwhy  occupywallstreet    4 reasons fromows   occupyla     occupywallst     99percentrtchase branches swamped throughout city people closing bank accounts.state art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...state art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguenytimes iphone conceals sheer magicwow   iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueoccupywallstreet basically bunch people wishing magical fairy wishes true.peace standing believe... change starts magic check hand  hardwork  occupywallstreetkind thanksfor follow  appreciated  :drtchase branches swamped throughout city people closing bank accounts.“great night.  occupywallst  village  central park  wonderment :)  magical”  slag
rt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrtthese pictures independent government   dependent people   (graphic)  usdorrtrepeaties?? whassup   >  independent thinkers      anonymous  99percent  usdor  owsrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupypbs ‘wham  bam  islam ’ ‘independent lens’    dr. naif al mutawart  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrtlet person natural self  independent government dependent people. federalist 52  usdorrtthese pictures independent government   dependent people   (graphic)  usdorrtpbs ‘wham  bam  islam ’ ‘independent lens’puppet obama cia engineer  occupywallstreet appeal moderate independents progressives w/out alienatingrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt“  70%  ows supporters politically independent  educated  employed  varying   readrt?  ows alertsuspendsaccount  build independent profit twitter clone  censorship  occupywallstrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyif  ows  occupywallstreet  holiday shopping  independent merchants.rtrush compares  cnn’s  occupywallst coverage  teaparty coverage   independents  news  students  palininteresting independent film ongoing  occupylondon protests   occupywallstreet  occupytogetherrthow  ows forward independent candidate 2012?rt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupy
rtrt  mustsee "the banana republic america"   occupyusa  occupytogether  the99%  99percent  globalchange  ows  usdorrther acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyrtrt"the standing  nwo u.s. america" save america save world.  ows  tcot  usdorrtrt  mustsee "the banana republic america"   occupyusa  occupytogether  the99%  99percent  globalchange  ows  usdorrtrt"the standing  nwo u.s. america" save america save world.  ows  tcot  usdor"teach america" entrepreneursrt"i am veteran. volunteered protect united america corporations america"  occupywallsther acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyher acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" ty
rt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreet
15o rtseeing police frantic  white shirts suits front trying manage crowd control efforts.  occupywallstreetrtaction proposal divestment campaign. changin accounts 2 banks/credit unions. worth effort 2 cause impact banksrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorauthors sales data 3 publishers challenge amazon continued efforts woo authorsrtgreece’s bloated bureaucracy defies efforts cutrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorgreece’s bloated bureaucracy defies efforts cutf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadband government planned initiative inc...rtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdor"f.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandreason wealth inequity inequity effort  leeches deserve zip   myliberal  auslaborrtthe nypd continues efforts garner public sympathy ows this time arrested naomi wolf discuss...rtthe coordinated effort remove begun.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupy  owsthe u.s. fcc expanding efforts connect americans speed internet  eu doing same?rtgop war voting determined disenfranchisement effort jim crow   usdor  connecttheleftpresident push larger american effort is...fcc expanding efforts connect americans broadband attempt break barrier...livestream   rtcrowd chanting "let " efforts crowd chant "arrest bankers "
rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camprtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtcalling  nyc zuccotti park brooms/dustpans help clean   occupywallstreet  occupycleanup tomorrow  owsrtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camprtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtthe world watching  rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrt"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"rtbesides brooms  please bring squeegees  buckets  waste bins  dust pans  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetnypd trustafarians run little pansy chickens? introduce 2 lrad   ows  tcot  occupywallstreet
rtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtunbelievable  arrest chalking. drew sidewalks kid lower east (1960 s) :(rtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreetrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtunbelievable  arrest chalking. drew sidewalks kid lower east (1960 s) :(rtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtunbelievable  arrest chalking. drew sidewalks kid lower east (1960 s) :(rtunbelievable  arrest chalking. drew sidewalks kid lower east (1960 s) :(rtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtunbelievable  arrest chalking. drew sidewalks kid lower east (1960 s) :(a girl chalking ny arrested b/c changertanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtanother girl arrested 4 chalking  nonsense   nypd?   occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtunbelievable  arrest chalking. drew sidewalks kid lower east (1960 s) :(
rtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsobama warns pakistan term tiesrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtamazon rewrites rules book  publishingrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtrtwe survive animal charity makes difference. determined… (cont)galleon chief sentenced 11 term insider   york times “insider trading assault ...u repeatedly term "state run media" middle eastern countries fail mention media runrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtbreaking   evidence  hillary mastermind  gunwalker   takewallstreet   sep17nytimes hedge fund founder 11 term insidercld please source lays  ows precise terms. curious. thanks.rtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtthe situation europe terminal   bob chapman   opesr  ows  sept17  endthefed  occupythefed  ronpaul  ronpaul2012rtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorpresident obama drops term health insurance program  ... obama administration friday droppe...quite. short term thinking displayed james gillespie high?rtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdor
isn tourism. rtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared bit.ly/nllzev  owslast heard pretty cleared out. police scanners.rtour camp cleared out. 5 arrested.rtour camp cleared out. 5 arrested.pens  crosby cleared  contact  practice pittsburgh penguins captain sidney crosby told reporters thur...suspect cleared police brooklyn subway groping manhattan bartender picked nypd s...rtrtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared   owsmedical apps assist diagnoses cleared f.d.a.rtour camp cleared out. 5 arrested.but cleared 1 cn reunite ther nt nt gon tk itrtbullhorn "we re concerned safety" rtnypd saying hurt 46th clearedrtrtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared   owsrtour camp cleared out. 5 arrested.rtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared   owsrtour camp cleared out. 5 arrested.novelties medical apps assist diagnoses cleared f.d.a.suspect cleared police brooklyn subway groping manhattan bartender picked nypd s...rtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared   owsrtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared   owsrtrtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared   owsrtnovelties medical apps assist diagnoses cleared f.d.a.

rtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross ...rtrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 (cont)rtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owssesame street youtube channel hacked  programming replaced pornrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrt(prior nypd stand down) rtjesse jackson placed front medical tent.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 (cont)i fascinating  esp food placed strangers.protesters ‘occupy wall street’ eatrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed… (cont)rtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  ows

sources epstein leaves sox cubs theo epstein elected leave $161 million red sox mess an...prostate test finding leaves swirl confusionrtepstein headed chicago manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..theo epstein leaves boston red sox shambles  brian cashman loyal ...rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..oh shit  rtsources epstein leaves sox cubsrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrtvideo motorcycle cop  pinning  ows protester leg  leaves bike parked leg & walks off.rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..theo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red sox sources  viartrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..blowing leaves • sidewalk • pepper spray • batons • badges |  tanka  5lines  occupywallstreetrtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..rtrttheo epstein headed chicago cubs manager  leaves boston red ..sources epstein leaves sox cubsrtrtvideo motorcycle cop  pinning  ows protester leg  leaves bike parked leg & walks off.
rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rtoccupydenver mayor running sprinklers @ 2 am  cops taunting freezing poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.


despite frosty relations wall street  obama "flush cash" financial sector     ows  usdorrt1989 2008 financial sector spent $1.7b campaign contributions & $3.4b lobbying.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtsince 1989 campaign contributions finance sector total energy health care defense & telecom combined  usdor  ocwrtindiv & committees affiliated finance sector $1b campaign contributions  98 08   usdor  owsrtmore 900 ex govt officials inc 70 former congress mbr lobbied financial sector 2009   usdor  owsrtthe trade sector america surplus services  advertising persuasion.  value six bladed razor.  usdorrtsince 1989 campaign contributions finance sector total energy health care defense & telecom combined  usdor  ocwrtindiv & committees affiliated finance sector $1b campaign contributions  98 08   usdor  owsrtmore 900 ex govt officials inc 70 former congress mbr lobbied financial sector 2009   usdor  owsrtrtobama "raised money financial & banking sector romney o… (cont)rtthe trade sector america surplus services  advertising persuasion.  value six bladed razor.  usdorrtrtmore 900 ex govt officials inc 70 former congress mbr lobbied financial sector 2009   usdor  owsrtsince 1989 campaign contributions finance sector total energy health care defense & telecom combined  usdor  ocwrt1989 2008 financial sector spent $1.7b campaign contributions & $3.4b lobbying.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtsince 1989 campaign contributions finance sector total energy health care defense & telecom combined  usdor  ocwrtsince 1989 campaign contributions finance sector total energy health care defense & telecom combined  usdor  ocwrtsince 1989 campaign contributions finance sector total energy health care defense & telecom combined  usdor  ocwrtthe trade sector america surplus services  advertising persuasion.  value six bladed razor.  usdorrtsince 1989 campaign contributions finance sector total energy health care defense & telecom combined  usdor  ocwrt1989 2008 financial sector spent $1.7b campaign contributions & $3.4b lobbying.  usdor  occupywallstreetrtmore 900 ex govt officials inc 70 former congress mbr lobbied financial sector 2009   usdor  ows
rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtoccupywallst   despite rage rat cage...   ows google  austrianeconomicsslavoj žižek wall streetilla  osa 2  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallstslavoj žižek wall streetilla  osa 2  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtstill tweet fromabout  occupywallstreet. aren plans  ccwhy rage? elections free; fair. mistake education institutes teach  failed economic  policyin la police bring food protestors  wrong nypd cpd. cops la hero people.w/out progressives  occupywallstreet monarchy  slavery  child labor  indentured women. fascists backrtstill looking laptop 4g network continue livestreaming  please help 24/7 feedfor bleating re racist. groundless.  youreboringmepresstorm  brainstorm. am thinking starting  occupyinstitutions movement. papers. screw  usdorrtpeople home.. change country now.. streets.   usdor  ows  99percentrtthe  99percent actually looks  99percent    ows  occupyaustin  endplutocracydespite frosty relations wall street  obama "flush cash" financial sector     ows  usdoryou video posted earlier nypd officer jackin woman protester face?rtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtamar stoudemire europe  option  nba lock sticks around.rti amazed despite pouring rain. spiritrtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rti amazed despite pouring rain. spirit.
rtyup  crap happens.occupynh kicks noon sat  oct 15 veterans park manchester. help spread wordpony people  veterans peace hand donations   ows  occupyboston  gratitude  occupytogether  usdorrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrtwatch video boston pd arresting veterans tearing flags.  is?  occupyboston  occupywallstnycrtveterans beaten arrested  occupyboston youtube    ows  usdorrtyup  crap happens.rtoccupywallstreet marine veterans  viawow.  occupybostonwhy?  > troops iraq talk halliburton & kbr    iraq  60minutes  soldiers  veteransrtboston police throw american flag ground  arrest veterans  trash property   ows  occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rt    > u.s troops speak bankers  wars  media and...    ows  usdorrtboston police throw american flag ground  arrest veterans  trash property   ows  occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors  (cont)rtyup  crap happens.rt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrtpolice beat war veterans  100 arrested  news  usdor  occupybostonrtdenied veterans benefits sex marriage  carmen cardona suesdenied veterans benefits sex marriage  ex sailor challenges law   york timesrt15000 watch  live  boston  swat beat  veterans protestors     occupybostonrtyup  crap happens.
rtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown  viartyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsaccidental duplicity naturally occuring thing. please don bash unless outright copy. (apple logo)rtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtq merrick blvd & 127 ave ped struck aided removed serious condition. ais requested accident investigation.you accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  feds””rtl impact de accident à  fukushima =  le  nucléaire pas avenir selon le york times   gentilly  greenpeaceqcyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrt"women & girls 15 44 2b maimed killed malaria cancer war traffic accidents combined"rtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  feds
when diversity meaning fateful choice school teaches life ... shortcomings affirmati...
panic plutocratspaul krugman  occupywallstreet panic plutocrats   owsrtgreat ny times article  "panic plutocrats"panic plutocrats  worried rich "not john galt." james taggert wesley mouch.rtgreat ny times article  "panic plutocrats"panic plutocrats   ows  occupychicago  occupyhouston  occupyboston  occupyrenoimmigration talk hispanics republican strategists recent remarks potentially n...panic plutocratsthe panic panic plutocratsimmigration talk hispanicsreading panic plutocratsrtcaa pres talking gw  bu  unc ch richmond. 10 looking mason vcu. realignment panic 2.krugman  panic plutocrats.  "the extremists threatening american values are…called “economic royalists ”rtdhs usually undercover. reported ground. don panic  id.  occupydcrtrttoday krugman "panic plutocrats"   occupywallstreetrtpaul krugman  occupywallstreet panic plutocrats   owsrtpaul krugman  occupywallstreet   occupytogether  usdor re right. thats panicking.  owsrt daily kos  ows  occupywallstreet  "preparing panicked plutocrats occupy wall street camps"rt daily kos  ows  occupywallstreet  "preparing panicked plutocrats occupy wall street camps"rt dailykos  ows  occupywallstreet  "preparing panicked plutocrats occupy wall street camps"rt daily kos  ows  occupywallstreet "preparing panicked plutocrats occupy wall street camps"
rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rt"rtbpd commissioner protestors leave nightfall  remove them." yikesrtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtasked journo activist"i citizen mobile & twitter account afraid them."
rtinspired writings videos occupations.  please share.occupywallstreet  99percentrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorwalking sidewalk protesting occupations.  publicityrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorbreaking news reports heavy police presence various occupations. coordinated attack rumored.  occupytogether  occupywallstreetrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdor
rtmake sort creative 99% profile pic add it.. creates  99% movement  unity twitter.    globalrevolution  usdor    99percentrtwhen takes 99% profile pic.. bypass twitter blocking day rage hashtags trending    usdor    occupywallstreetrtben & jerry’s profile company support occupy wall street   ows   ourwallstreetrtben & jerry’s profile company support occupy wall street   ows   ourwallstreetciaalum82  owner "david burke kitchen" & 7 restaurants  profiled onwhy isn red cross  profile approach bring disaster suppliesfacebook 2011 10 000 facebook  ows profiles leaked pastebin  occupywallstreetfacebook 2011 10 000 wallstreet facebook  profiles leaked pastebin  occupywallstreet  retweetfacebook 2011 10 000 wallstreet facebook  profiles leaked pastebin  occupywallstreet  retweetfacebook 2011 10 000 wallstreet facebook  profiles leaked pastebin  occupywallstreet   owsfacebook 2011 10 000 wallstreet facebook  profiles leaked pastebin  occupywallstreet   ows 1facebook 2011 10 000 wallstreet facebook  profiles leaked pastebin  occupywallstreet   ows 2facebook 2011 10 000 wallstreet facebook  profiles leaked pastebin  occupywallstreet   ows 3facebook 2011 10 000 wallstreet facebook  profiles leaked pastebin  occupywallstreet   ows 4facebook 2011 10 000 wallstreet facebook  profiles leaked pastebin  occupywallstreet   ows 5facebook 2011 10 000 wallstreet facebook  profiles leaked pastebin  occupywallstreet   ows 6rtprofiles science innovator shapes empirert"changing times" profile ofas takes (by ken auletta  new)if twitter sort  99% sign  profile pic.. help  usdor  occupywallstreet  occupyboston etc. lotwhen twitter 99% profile pic victory  usdor  occupywallstreet  occupyboston  occupyatlanta99% = uniting symbol day rage. 99% profile pic  occupywallstreet victory called occupytwitter.  usdor
rti am 99% agree 99%?  ows   ourwallstreetrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtwhere 99%? check  occupywallst spread on.rtare 99%? poll tell story.  occupywallst  ows  occupyportlandsome data rtwhere 99%? check  occupywallst spread on.rtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtwhere 99%? check  occupywallst spread on.rtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtwhere 99%? check  occupywallst spread on.info fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrt?99%????????????????????????????????? ows ???????????????????????????????????????????????????? ?????????? occupytokyorti am 99% agree 99%?  ows   ourwallstreetrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtinfo fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp. help 99%?   owsrtwhere 99%? check  occupywallst spread on.
its  rtgood morning......amyrt"clean up" scheduled 7am tomorrow morning. hope resistance cowardly action bloomberg...sprocket watching  ny1 morning. sfuzziest fandear  occupywallstreet protesters  please safe morning. dearplease don ll regret.rtassignment read york easement law tomorrow morning.   occupywallstrtsolidarity friends atthroughout night morning. solidarity forever. world watching   owsrt"clean up" scheduled 7am tomorrow morning. hope resistance cowardly action bloomberg...rtsolidarity friends atthroughout night morning. solidarity forever. world watching   owsows act 2  nypd &  nyc plan increase  ocupywallstreet population exponentially morning. thank cooperationhope park 7 morning.  stand firm stay strong.i understand 9 000 people morning. wowrt"clean up" scheduled 7am tomorrow morning. hope resistance cowardly action bloomberg...rtguess ll joining 99 percent atearly tomorrow morning. interesting.rtcops won time square. parkingtil mon morning. occupy news corp.rtcops won time square. parkingtil mon morning. occupy news corp.rtows act 2  nypd &  nyc plan increase  ocupywallstreet population exponentially morning. thank cooperationhaha ok. yeah  little easier wake morning. :)one upside thecrackdown tomorrow morning... iphone lines slightly shorterowsrt"clean up" scheduled 7am tomorrow morning. hope resistance cowardly action bloomberg...betting  nypd tomorrow morning...there gotta filthy protest.  ows  occupywallstreet  usdor  occupyrtows act 2  nypd &  nyc plan increase  ocupywallstreet population exponentially morning. thank cooperation
rtworst intersections nyc pedestrians bicyclists inc houston/bowery  bikenycrtlolol  rtnypd annouces  "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  owsrtlolol  rtnypd annouces  "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  owsbrooklyn leonard st & meserole st pedestrian struck pinned vehicle. aided doa. nypd hwy ais enroute ai. 7:25:00 pm"rtnypd annouces  "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  owsrtrtpolice telling ppl block pedestrian traffic  crowd chants "we pedestrian traffic "rtnew audible pedestrian signals installed  nyc  easier travel safely.has video.video oct 14  ows police ram pedestrian protestors w/motorcycles  cc” vialooks  lybiartrtnypd annouces "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  owsrtows  oct15 rtrtpolice telling ppl block pedestrian traffic  crowd chants "we pedestrian traffic "watch back... crashstat | york daily news   nyc  biking  pedestrians  accidents  carsrtrtpolice telling ppl block pedestrian traffic  crowd chants "we pedestrian traffic "damn  homesick rtpolice telling ppl block pedestrian traffic  crowd chants "we pedestrian traffic "  ilovenydanger zones worst intersections city pedestrians bicyclists treacherous intersections to...funny cops 2 rid undesirables  ows mtdrunks park. reported pedestrian. cops calleddrunks park. reported pedestrian. cops called. deliberating handle situations future  occupydc  occupykstrti times sq. netted  barricades separating demonstrators pedestrians  ows  15ortlolol  rtnypd annouces  "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  owsrtnypd annouces  "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  ows(stazi) annouces  "you re blocking pedestrian traffic." marchers respond unison  "we pedestrian traffic "  owsrtqueens merrick blvd & 127 ave pedestrian struck aided removed serious condition. ais ...
nypd offers glimpse crashes andrew grossman nearly months deadline set city law  ...rtwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom months ago  cia experienced clandest...rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelstalemate remains collecting blood samples hgh testing judy battista nearly months h...jets stop pats  fall east 30 21 loss nine months jets befuddled tom brady bill be...what cia doing nypd? depends whom      (ap) ap   months ago  cia ...   middleeastwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom      (ap) ap   months ago  cia exper...what cia doing nypd? depends whom \n    (ap)\n ap   months ago  cia ex...rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom \n    (ap)\n ap   months ago  cia ex...great comparison. »new coke lasted < 3 months. qwikster didn bottlertzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelformer army medic here. tips guys safe winter months.rta model government built coming months.  ows blueprint generation?what cia doing nypd? depends whom months ago…rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fueltheyll uproot  dig  lay compost months  plant saplings growm whatever takesrtdear bank america...  cantwait switch banks months end.  occupywallstreetwhat cia doing nypd? depends whom \n    (ap)\n ap   months ago  cia ex...rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelmother  son left aging relative die fall  hid body months  love def cooled
rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtweoccupy tiniest moral compasses allowed light society.  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtweoccupy tiniest moral compasses allowed light society.  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.classic schwinn bike helps tell tale puerto rican migrants ed morales  started bike " mi...rtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtspeak truth. media lies  history changed time  moral compass guide us. truth prevail.  ows  usdorcop s. anderson admits widespread nypd  flaking   planting drugs innocent people reach quotas  viartnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rtweoccupy tiniest moral compasses allowed light society.  occupyearth  takewallstreetrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.rthidden message fromto  occupywallst:"how protect yourself police 101"   ows  occupylsx  solidarityrtweoccupy tiniest moral compasses allowed light society.  occupyearth  takewallstreetcircumcision "…promoted vaccine africa doctors morally ok tuskegee experiment."makes wonder nypd officers moral values...lol forum hiring people demoralize protestersrtspeak truth. media lies  history changed time  moral compass guide us. truth prevail.  ows  usdorrtnypd tried chip morale  ows threatening shut medic tent & struck out.
rtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertrtcan help w/  sanitation  occupywashingtonsquare tonight? meet 6pm sanitation   libertyplazartupdate via  occupykst ga 20k presently  libertyplaza  40k  washingtonsquare. plz rtrtnote retracting earlier  libertyplaza  washingtonsquare crowd estimates. stay tuned. plz rtrtrtupdate  occupykst ga 20k presently  libertyplaza  40k  washingtonsquare. plz  cdnpoli  occupycanadarton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetpolice fear factor “crowd "control"  ows standoff  washingtonsquare parkrtnot pony 200+  nypd officers shut  ows  washingtonsquare park.rttwo thousand strong march  libertysquare reached  washingtonsquare chanting banks bailed  sold  owsrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersthousands  wallstreet protesters march  washingtonsquare park  hold peaceful meeting apne.ws/nb8kld  cj  owsrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetows urgent " nypd police getting ready raid park"  washingtonsquare  occupywallstreet plzrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   tons brooms asap  don 2 now. bring  em  libertyplaza   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanuprtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtannouncement   tons brooms asap  don 2 now. bring  em  libertyplaza   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup
simply  people gathering globally  taking authority create peaceful public expressions   owsone breaks unjust law conscience tells unjust   reality expressing respect law.rta list famous writers expressing support  occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtamericans express historic negativity u.s. government 81%  gallup  usdor  owsamerican express provides free marketing tools york ... amex layering help...the financial times  marxists  calls  occupywallstreet legitimate expression political frustration.   owsrtamericans express historic negativity u.s. government 81%  gallup  usdor  owsrtmayor affirms "occupy wall street" protesters  freedom expressionrtgreece goes strike wednesday. express solidarity   owsthe bronx aka bx  rtservadv downtown  4 via express b/t burnside ave & 167th st due nypd investigation 170th strtrtgreece goes strike wednesday. express solidarity   owsrtamericans express historic negativity u.s. government 81%  gallup  usdor  owsrtrtrtgreece goes strike wednesday. express solidarity   owsworld timescast | mistrust egypt military october 10  2011 — egyptians expressed ou...   egypt  cairo  jan25free speech advocates express concern french court blocks access site monitors alleged police abusesrtrtcall menino hotline 617 635 4500 express support  occupyboston. live operators taking calls.rtbreaking obama phoned  saudi arabia ambassador express solidarity alleged assassination plot  iran.rtgreece goes strike wednesday. express solidarity   owsrtrtgreece goes strike wednesday. express solidarity   owsamerican express provides free marketing tools york ... amex layering help...american express provides free marketing tools york ... amex layering help...
lech walesa visit york  support occupy  wall streetrtows lech walesa visit nyc support occupy wall street (nydailynews) solidarity hero lech w...   usrevolutionlech walesa  former polish president  visit york support occupy wall streetrt"how respond " walesa told polish newspaper wednesday. "the thousands people gathered near wall streetrtlech walesa  former nobel prize winning polish president  warns  worldwide revolt capitalism    owsrtlech walesa  former nobel prize winning polish president  warns  worldwide revolt capitalism    owslech walesa (yes  walesa) visit nyc support ows.  wow.rtlech walesa  former polish president  visit york support occupy wall..lech walesa headed ny support  owslech walesa visit nyc support occupy wall street solidarity hero lech walesa flying york sh...rtlech walesa  former polish president  visit york support occupy wall street   ows  solidarityrtlech walesa  former polish president  visit york support occupy wall streetrtlech walesa  famed anti communist polish reformer  visit ny support  owsfrom ap/ny daily news lech walesa visit nyc support  ows    quickly  master democrat   you.rtlech walesa  nobel prize winning polish ex president  warns  revolt capitalism"   owslech walesa visit nyc support occupy wall streetlech walesa  former polish president  visit york support  occupywallstreet  "how respond"  owsword rtlech walesa  former polish pres  nobel peace prize winner led poland revolt soviets coming support  owswhoah. lech walesa visit york support occupy wall street   kindofabigdeallech walesa visit nyc support occupy wall streetrtsad  wouldn siding commies “ lech walesa headed ny support  ows
rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. ...rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtrttalked nypd brothers. 1  ows. wasn wearing blues herertjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.nonviolence excludes duty defend aggression self & weaker brothers.  occupyraleigh  occupywallstreet  ows  15oct  usdorrtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtrtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. ...rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtrttalked nypd brothers. 1  ows. wasn wearing blues herertjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rttalked nypd brothers. 1  ows. wasn wearing blues herertjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.just read herman cain & funded coke brothers. explains 9 9 9. this?  ows  occupywallstreetjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.
rtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtwill overturn corporate personhood?    usdorrtwill overturn corporate personhood?    usdorrtwill overturn corporate personhood?   usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtwill overturn corporate personhood?    usdorwill overturn corporate personhood?   usdor stand up...rtcalls constitutional amendment overturn  corporations people  court decision   owsrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtcalls constitutional amendment overturn  corporations people  court decision   owsrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtcalls constitutional amendment overturn  corporations people  court decision   owsrt:calls constitutional amendment overturn  corporations people  court decision. supportrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtrt:calls constitutional amendment overturn  corporations people  court decision. supportrtrtcalls constitutional amendment overturn  corporations people  court (cont)rtcalls constitutional amendment overturn  corporations people  court decision   ows
rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owsrtnypd protester standoff looms city zuccotti park cleanuprussellsimmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation city   usdorrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtannouncement   tons brooms asap  don 2 now. bring  em  libertyplaza   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanuprtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtannouncement   tons brooms asap  don 2 now. bring  em  libertyplaza   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanuprtrussell simmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation cityrtwe 99%  2 clean neighborhoods.  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  owsrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetprotest park cleanup   move occupation   ows    occupywallstreet  occupy  occupywallst  solidarityrtrussell simmons () offers 2 pay 4 cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid ...rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtcalling  nyc zuccotti park brooms/dustpans help clean   occupywallstreet  occupycleanup tomorrow  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtrtwhy don clean  libertyplaza   wallstcleanup.rta city wide cleanup campaign symbolic effective. words them.  occupyphilly  owsrtrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsoccupywallstreet cleanup russell simmons offers pay avoid violence  huff post
"millionaires march" stops chez murdoch  occupywallstreet  globalrevolutionrtupper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protestersrt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rtupper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protesters"millionaires march" stops chez  murdoch | york daily news   protestsrt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.upper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protestersrtupper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protestersrt99ny rtabt 300 people  occupywallstreet "millionaires march" 59th st fifth plan homes wealthy  owsrt"millionaires march" stops chez murdoch | york daily newsrtupper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protestersrt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc."millionaires march" stops chez murdoch | york daily newsrtthe daily newsis live tweeting "millionaires march". updates posted live pagertprotesters  occupywallstreet "millionaires march" visit homes  koch  dimon  murdoch  nyt reporter scene says.  owsrtupper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protestersrt99ny rtabt 300 people  occupywallstreet "millionaires march" 59th st fifth plan homes wealthy  owsrtthe daily newsis live tweeting "millionaires march". updates posted live pagewall street protesters hold "millionaires march"
horror spain bull gores matador eye spectators gasp shockoccupywallstreet urgently matador costumes.needsoftheoccupiers  owsoccupywallstreet urgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows cci matador costumes ll buy box store. money?sometimes bull wins.  horror spain bull gores matador eye spectators gasp shockrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrthorror spain bull gores matador eyerturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrt0_o ...... oh  rturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccfuck yes  rthalloween costume idea matador wall street bull. :d  ows  occupywallstreetrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrt0_o ...... oh  rturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrt+99 rturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrtmy photo essay themarch yesterday  occupyseattle  occupywallstreet  owsrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows cc
nba legend jerry west details depression  abusive father memoir  west ... west memoi...rtsweet  ben & jerry occupy wall street    ows  occupywallstreet  99percent  usdorrta message ben & jerry website support  occupywallstreet movement   occupytogether  99percent  usdorrtben jerrys proving coolest company  publicly supporting  occupywallst  99percent. thanksben & jerry supports occupy wall streetben & jerry stands themovement joined solidarity  viaben & jerry supports occupy wall streetcalifornia dream act signed gov. jerry brown  illegal immigrants eligible college aid dream ca...california dream act signed gov. jerry brown  illegal immigrants eligible college aid dream ca...rtben & jerry holstein cows  occupywallstnyc parent company unilever uk union pension disputecalifornia dream act signed gov. jerry brown  illegal immigrants ... dream act stirred con...rtben & jerry’s profile company support occupy wall street   ows   ourwallstreetrtben & jerry stands themovement joined solidarity   owsrtben & jerry’s profile company support occupy wall street   ows   ourwallstreetrtben jerry stands solidarity  ows    occupywallstnyc  occupytogethercalifornia dream act signed gov. jerry brown  illegal immigrants ... meena hartenstein students in...ben & jerry stands themovement joined solidarity    viaben & jerry stands themovement joined solidarity  viaows  15o  occupywallstreet  occupyboston rtben & jerry free ice cream wall street ...ben & jerry stands themovement joined solidarity  viaben & jerry stands themovement joined solidarity  via
rtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadband government planned initiative inc...rtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandnytimes response police expanding protestsrtresponse police expanding protestsmy money  ows expanding result bloomberg  cleaning day   nypd acted thugs."f.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandny times response police expanding protests newcomers anti wall street protests ...the u.s. fcc expanding efforts connect americans speed internet  eu doing same?rtows retroactive voting.  occupywallst innovation improvement expanding ideas help mold freedoms now.fcc expanding efforts connect americans broadband attempt break barrier...nytimes response police expanding protestsdtn usa f.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadband government planned initiati...rtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandrtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandrtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandrtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandgap close stores  expanding china; nearly 200 locations ...rtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadband  ll  ctlrtresponse police expanding protests     ows  anonymous  culturertresponse police expanding protests
rtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrt“wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question brian schottenheimer system  wowrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtjets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question oc schottenheimer system   nflrtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtwonderful news rtholmes  mason & plax met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nfl
in york (this time) rtrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewbus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...bus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...ugh. rtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewwait...what? rtbus segregation women prompts reviewreligious freedom equal rights? bus segregation jewish women ny prompts reviewrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewnews bus segregation jewish women prompts reviewbus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...rtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewdtn usa bus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication ...bus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...rtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewwhat official reaction muslims rode bus?“bus segregation jewish women prompts reviewbus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school ...bus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...rtbus segregation jewish women prompts review
the biggest impact solidarity  occupywallst  ows  occupiedworldrtrtwnbc reporting 10 000 20 000 times sq  ows  occupywallstreetsyria warns countries recognize opposition  ~ mands ? dick  ta ta  tures ? slap bitch seal eertobit day  iii roger williams  pianist sentimental songs  dies 87rt99percent  ows  usdor  occupydc occupywallstreet%3a world %7c %7c alternet http%3a%2f%2fbit.ly%2fpufaom*waves back* hello  coming exhibition architect walk tomorrow?modernism  concretertus cia officer holds mystery job nypd  despite cia prohibited spying domestically     breaking news buzza thefall arts festival.analysis ambitious seriesone reasons  occupywallstreet campaign tough reduce sound bites  (via)rtrtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsisn tourism. rtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared bit.ly/nllzev  owsrtthe assembly  occupywallstreet reached consensus. stay  hold  libertyplaza  viaowsif "piss poor" mean bit disorganised  initial  occupywallst ones gaffrtit hard  occupywallstreet family owns families.  plebes.  trickledown  whartonbitch:) rtit sleepytime. goodnight don banksters bite   ows  usdor  weare99%yep  media  won bit. spoon fed owners   owsoccupywallstreet interview brilliant occupier 10/23/11 (part 2)rtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.they prohibit rights.rtrtshout kanye visiting thademonstrators  lot bout characterrtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.
rtvote   occupy billboard times sq   occupyinfooccupyportlandoccupywallstreet  moveyourmoney awesome. bravo   boycott 1%owsoccupywallstreet  moveyourmoney awesome. bravo    boycott 1%owsrt.joined  occupywallst protest guided park byrtcall ccrb hotline 24 hours day 1 800 341 ccrb. call 311 (outside nyc dial 212 yorkrtthe guy sponsoring  ows billboard  timessquare spread link   pls retweetrtshame boa paying $11 mil payouts 2 execs layoff nearly 30 000 people.rtmy bed night. cardboard boxes sleeping bag. comfy  occupywallst  owsrtrtmayor menino shifting stance  occupyboston ve worn we...rtwhen nypd cop michael daragjati boasted  "i fried nigger " didn investigators tapped phonertdid paid $1 taxes paid entire bank america?  occupywallstreet  boartbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtbank america  protester & customer time  well...if so...   boa  ows  usdorrtno  t. board enjoy ride. rtcld please m… (cont)paul mccartney marries nancy shevell london aging beatle heartthrob paul mccartney mta boardmember nanc...fbi launches probe dead baby found cruise ship fbi agents launched investigation aboard carnival ...underwear bomber  bathroom break witness passenger aboard christmas 2009 flight detroit...rtipab wouldn death panels. rationing board. gop talk nonstop. detailsipab wouldn death panels. rationing board. gop talk nonstop. detailsrtboa won  activists close accounts  occupy santa cruz    anon  rights  freedom  ows  usdorrtcivilian complaint board investigating nypd officer grabbing punching protester   ows  protest  p2
occupy beach lbpd enforce 10pm curfew sat. lincoln park  people jail. cali.occupy beach lbpd 10 pm curfew people jail. sos sos sos.bpd  nypd  rarely lapd here. causally stroll  smile   "hello "  ows  occupyboston  occupybostontrue disgrace   rtteenage girls resist arrest nypd. vertderrick jensen   police arresting wrong people  ows  occupysf  occupywallst  occupyboston >   nypd  sfpd  bpd  rtrtattention  america  boston pd arrest  occupyboston midnight. call bpd  asap stop  617 343 4200  ows  usdor  usa«rtbpd commissioner protestors leave nightfall  remove them.»rtdefinitely aware undercover police trying incite violence. bpd 2000 debate protest.rtmtbpd transfering female officer "district 4 assist w/search female prisoners."  occupybostonrtattention  america  boston pd arrest  occupyboston midnight. call bpd  asap stop  617 343 4200  ows  usdor  usartwe occupied square greenway   bpd try kill that. ll live so.rtmatch tried charles river charlestown.  bpd no. standoff peaceful march backrtrti mi bpd beat sh*t citizens peaceably assembled petition govt.  occupybostonrtthank  lapd  lvmpd .  nypd  sfpd  spd  bpd   notes    ows  occupyla police treat  treat good.rtamazing video montage  occupyboston  bpd via"which on?"     ows  usdayofragertmtbpd transfering female officer "district 4 assist w/search female prisoners."  occupybostonso nypd excuse refused  leave park cleaned action bpd protectin landscapertmenino   bloomberg anti american  thugs  bpd &  nypd personal goon squads   occupyrtlapd email successful strategy  nypd  bpd respect  firstamendment protection assembly?  owsmtprotests equal riots equal terrorism. terrorism bpd beat vets 4 peace  grass   occupybostonrtbreaking spokeswoman  bpd none 129 remained custody. processed municipal court.  occupyboston
nypd detective helps cardiac arrest columbus day paradertladies germs  shout tooccupywallstreet  ows  usdormy nose starts twitching david caruso nypd blue whoever interrogating lying him.rtbaffling  ows assign zero blame democrats handed wall street billions $$ obama  stimulus package 1.0"  occupywallstrtows  usdor breaking news dr. cornel west arrested carrying sign steps supreme court. please retweet.“gulf shrimp scarce season; answers      signing article.how effective online learning? inflating software report card via nytimes   learningrthow change system americans  top 1 percent? 2) cap credit card rates.  ows  occupywallstreetit    "when fascism comes america  wrapped flag carrying cross."   sinclair lewis  occupywallstreetconsumers  sue involves subprime credit card company called compucredit  sued .... yes loop  usdorrtif happen bart card   occupysf collecting set move support to/from  occupyoakland  needsoftheoccupiers pls rtrtwhy  occupy ? personal.   read byoccupywallstreet  ows  p2  cnnopicarus  opesr  ourwallstreet *least forget*  ows  giaboanonymousya..and you?occupywallstreet calls 4revolution throws ghandi bus  college  glennbeck  glenn  beck  sgp  rs  hhrs  p2i probably wouldn care  occupywallstreet ifandweren passionate. buch dicks  guys.i believeis able  ows brick weed carries times. don worry  secret safe.hi nypd brillion  wi  pd recently purchased product tactical training  passing  carei remember rtdavid caruso ew  nypd blue  reunion  wish episodesrthow feel aboutshowing support guys ads capitol credit cards?  hhmmm??rtforeclosure filings   ows  99percent  occupyla  occupyriverside  redlands  occupywallst cartoon
rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.

bids emi fall short   york times moneybids emi fall shortnew york timesbids...sean hannity busy trashing  occupywallstreet . doesn people parties bankers?  owa  occupydopo la rivolta. pierandrea amato ci parla di   15o  occupywallstreet  globalchangertstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsrthard believe thisprotester soda back.rtsawwas  occupywallstreet protests support.  catch 11/2 fargo center phillyyes  crazies beating pepper spraying peaceful  resisting  nypd officers month.  owsrt99% vs. 1%    occupy wall st. movement 853 cities world shoring   ows   ourwallstreetrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtseeing  occupywallst own eyes restored faith democracy. people movement corporate sponsored.   ows  fbrt  winning  ows  occupywallstreetsuper happy finally starting internship atthis wednesday happy music/dancingrt"in party system steal economic freedom personal freedom  beware"   ows  occupywallstreetrtthe army acting concert symphony heard  occupywallstreet  ows  revolution  news  mediartthe army   occupywallstreet  ows  revolution  news  mediartmust read notice "no fear" animal farm themes "spark" notes   occupywallstreet  ows   revolution  news  media  o13hard times  wallstreet  | "it hilariously funny people weren’t destroying world"  krugmanrtno  veteran executive banker   occupywallst fringe movement.  glad citi ceo that.the nypd  sponsored wall street   owsrtjust tried followafter reading op eds supporting  occupywallstreet  acct suspendedrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.
rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtnato officer qaddafi loyalists’ resilience surprisingrtmuseum founder alice walton arrested duinypd 1% haven realised yetrtsame  halifax  rtthey handouts? re ones giving   feed  libertysquare  ows  occupynsnew yorkin poliisit wall streetin palkkalistoilla  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rtpolice brutality claims surround occupy wall street day rage protests  takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstkristof writes inequality.rtstop stealing artist  leave gaga.rt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrtmore excellent  thankyourt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetali abdullah saleh yemen clinging power day vaguely worded pledge step  signs ...rt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreet
rtkoch brothers network influence   ows  october2011  usdor  antiwar  accountability  corruption  corporatistfail  p2rtkoch brothers network influence   ows  october2011  usdor  antiwar  accountability  corruption  corporatistfail  p2rtsupport 28th amendment separation corporation   ows  p2  topprog  p21  usdor  accountability  1urtoctober 2011 | human  corporate greed   accountability  corporatistfail  ows  usdor  p2  tlot  tcot  1u  p21rtkoch brothers network influence   ows  october2011  usdor  antiwar  accountability  corruption  corporatistfail  p2rtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetrtsupport 28th amendment separation corporation   ows  p2  topprog  p21  usdor  accountability  1urtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetglad  occupywallst bringing idea accountability most.rtaren supporting  ows?  usdor  october2011  oct22  antiwar  p2  tlot  tcot  p21  topprog  accountability http...rtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetrtkoch brothers network influence   ows  october2011  usdor  antiwar  accountability  corruption  corporatistfail  p2rtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetrtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetrtoctober 2011 | human  corporate greed   accountability  corporatistfail  ows  usdor  p2  tlot  tcot  1u  p21rtcall investigation koch brothers | dccc   ows  usdor  p2  p21  topprog  accountability  getthemoneyout  1upeace  so...  keepthepeace  stickwithit   ows  occupyboston  usdor  respecteachother  accountabilityrtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetrtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetrtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreetrtcorporations arent people money speech  wars & tax rich. accountability wall st  barack obama 2012  occupywallstreet
rtusa government support bahrain government crimes   owswallst  obama  feb14is wall street punished crimes guilty?  ows  obama2012  tcot  teaparty  gop2012  p2  p21  usdor  criticalthinkingyou answer crimes protesters.  policebrutality  owsrt1 libya  crisis   untold  story   africa   nato  crimes  libya   takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanksrtusa  nato crimes   takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanks  15m  feliz15ortnato bombed libya stone age    nato  crimes  libya   takewallstreet   sep17  usdor  ows  antibanksrtlies " humanitarian  war " libya evidence  (part 1)   nato  crimes  libya   takewallstreetthis unforgivable  abomination    occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  libya  warcrimes  obamathis unforgivable  abomination    occupywallstreet  ows  usdor  libya  warcrimes  obama  nato  imperialismrtformer nypd cop makes point.  ows kooks draining nypd manpower real crimes. hurt that? poor  mainly.rtformer nypd cop makes point.  ows kooks draining nypd manpower real crimes. hurt that? poor  mainly.rtwar drums iran calls  terror plot  lie  2 elitists  ww3 cover financial crimes??bpd guilty war crimes geneva conv. chapter iv  article 25 armed forces specially trained for..   ows"ows people arrested protesting financial crimes bankers arrested committing those"rtyeswallstreet commit crimes....u getting paid 2keep mouth shut. kinda jpmorgan "donation" 2 nypd.  owsrt“ows people arrested protesting financial crimes bankers arrested committing those”ows people arrested protesting financial crimes bankers arrested committing thosertyeswallstreet commit crimes....u getting paid 2keep mouth shut. kinda jpmorgan "donation" 2 nypd.  owsrtupdate   suspect apprehended pattern sex crimes brooklyn.  arrested ...rtmtows people arrested protesting financial crimes bankers arrested committing vcopycat crimes brooklyn sexual assault pattern
when own greed piece specially printed paper   money garbage; value lifeindustrial  speculative capitalism deeply violent  kills people  species & ecosystems. fascism rises people lose values  occupywallstreetrtobscene evil casts shadow land. grotesque inequity  devalued workers  ecosystem collapse  fascism rises. time  occupywallstreet“the bottom line  occupywallstreet protests? marc  values.  globalvoicesi love love love seeing elders atawesome & inspiring. value them.    occupywallstreet  occupylartbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtthe trade sector america surplus services  advertising persuasion.  value six bladed razor.  usdorgroupon value i.p.o. close $12 billion.held tongue enough"dems praised [wall street] protesters standing bedrock american values fairness"???occupywallstreet   300+ america existence fairness american value ? ? ... ll wait.take value dollar seek. promote awareness  educate everyone.kinder morgan buy el paso $21.1 billion   shale gas effect value pipelines us.  wowrtthe trade sector america surplus services  advertising persuasion.  value six bladed razor.  usdorrtmayor bloomberg schallenge "has triggered extraordinary eruption value brain power"how stop drop home valuesrtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtthe trade sector america surplus services  advertising persuasion.  value six bladed razor.  usdorrtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtows rtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)rtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreet
rtrtwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtsmall biz blowin thx to. wall street them. biz benefiting  ows?rtsmall biz blowin thx to. wall street them. biz benefiting  ows?occupywallst.org ...thank you. ows? learn class?hi  reproter   ows? pics keefe there?rtwoman "shield toddler" site topless woman  ows? seriously?  grip relax  peoplewhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtsmall biz blowin thx to. wall street them. biz benefiting  ows?rtsmall biz blowin thx to. wall street them. biz benefiting  ows?rtrtwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtsmall biz blowin thx to. wall street them. biz benefiting  ows?rtaren supporting  ows?  usdor  october2011  oct22  antiwar  p2  tlot  tcot  p21  topprog  accountability http...sitting mayor dinkins class lecture poverty urban politics.  wonder.. mention  ows?rtsmall biz blowin thx to. wall street them. biz benefiting  ows?just saying.....how nypd republican voters  ows?rtwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  takewallstreet  occupywallstreetwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhy mynt staying healthy  ows? rtprotesters ‘occupy wall street’ eat nyti.ms/rbyke3what nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwant support  occupywallstreet  ows? read this. why.   solidarity
the nypd hard people ows.  lot crap daily basis.rtmust read. chris hedges ows.   occupywallstreet  ows  ourwallstreet  occupy  99percent  libertyplazatruck wager contracting co. inc hauling metal barricades  ows.  nypd told stop taking photos.   usdorrtarrestan una joven en nueva york por dibujar con tiza en la aceraows...qué ejemplo de libertadrtarrestan una joven en nueva york por dibujar con tiza en la aceraows...qué ejemplo de libertad:on olbermann wall st threatening contributions pols support ows.  means acct. closures & protestors?rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.nyt reporter won sleep near real "homeless" people  ows. wonder protesters  too.rtarrestan una joven en nueva york por dibujar con tiza en la aceraows...qué ejemplo de libertad.i hope idea traction  ows. startrtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. ...rtrta private comp nypd prohibit segments community public park. story looked   ows.rtnyt reporter won sleep near real "homeless" people  ows. wonder protesters  too.rtnyt reporter won sleep near real "homeless" people  ows. wonder protesters  too.rt7 am  tomorrow  nypd attempt evict  ows. stopi lovebut continued  livinglarge coverage offensive esp. air time  ows. & nots indeedrtdoesn surprise all. nyc bloggers asleep ows. rtthere times food writer  ows thu...rtfamily sleep ows. 10/21 22. 4pm 11am. parentsforoccupywallst.com   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupy  owsrtnyt reporter won sleep near real "homeless" people  ows. wonder protesters  too.rtthe police realize 99%.  ows.  nypd | ?  scared.rtinteresting..all "patriots" celebrate "boston tea party"  revolution outraged peaceful calls4 fairness  ows.  usdor
europe delays meeting debt crisis actions   york times thestreet.comeurope delays meeting debt crisis...rtnyc council mayor planned actions zuccotti abridge "rights assembly free speech."   owsrt"in party system steal economic freedom personal freedom  beware"   ows  occupywallstreetrtthe army acting concert symphony heard  occupywallstreet  ows  revolution  news  mediartthe army   occupywallstreet  ows  revolution  news  mediartmust read notice "no fear" animal farm themes "spark" notes   occupywallstreet  ows   revolution  news  media  o13rtgreat sheet truth "occupy" media blackout     occupy  occupywallstrtgreat sheet truth "occupy" media blackout     occupy  occupywallstrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtwhen journalist activist"i citizen mobile phone & twitter account afraid them."rt"you don petting zoo interact animals. pigs sheep " ~sn  occupywallstreetthe biggest impact solidarity  occupywallst  ows  occupiedworldrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdornba lockout negotiations pick gilbert arenas contract spurred ... mitch lawrence gilbert arenas t...rtnba lockout negotiations pick gilbert arenas contract spurred ...rtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtanyone actual crime happening city cops rough peaceful protesters?  owschild workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...abc news cia activity nypd questionedre power press   media available outside pockets gov. bus. activated words
democracy america ll buy 99%  occupywallstreet yard sign. what?  occupy[redacted|township signs?  owsrtwho owns nypd? rhetorical question   topprog  p2  tcot  tlot"v vendetta" masks emblem occupywallstreet protest groups. them? time warner owns copyright..hmmm???time warner owns copyright "v vendetta" masks  paid licensing fee sale mask occupywallstreet protesterswho owns nypd? rhetorical question   owswho owns  nypd? rhetorical question | crooks liars   occupywallstreet  owswho owns nypd? rhetorical questionrtit hard  occupywallstreet family owns families.  plebes.  trickledown  whartonbitchrtus navy controls oceans militarized space. owns executive power?   usdorrtl/r america  divide & conquer marketing campaign history. owns legislative power?  executive  judicial power?  usdorjpmorgan ? rtwho owns  nypd? rhetorical question   owswho owns nypd? rhetorical question   topprog  p2  tcot  tlotrtwho owns nypd? rhetorical question.o  hai  foi.  ows rtin information economy  means production inside head.  owns yours?   usdorrtwho owns nypd?   youngmanhattanitertwho owns nypd? rhetorical question.rtwho owns nypd? rhetorical question.rtwow. thousand towns & cities "occupied"  usdor.  revolution re watching history  23rd time year. 2011  omg.rtus navy controls oceans militarized space. owns executive power?   usdorrtgop doesn win wh 2012...because wld results obstruction  gop candidates clowns   usdors/o usmc sgt shamar thomas pressin  nypd klowns 30 deep nd herbed 1
rtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owskeep peaceful. riots & violence lead crack down. brains nypd waiting it.  occupywallstreet  owsbig wigs in/behind nypd try 2 create rioting&disunity 2 disrupt & allow crackdown. white shirt cops trouble. owsrtstop children...what sound...everybody look down...occupy  ows  99percentoccupyseattle tents torn down.support coming pple world>>>this crazy town...  viaweatherunderground  ayers  usdor  seiu  rathke  owsdamn 10 nypd cars  about..to..go..down.rtcops tents down. call mayor parker approvalrtonce  looks  nypd forced stand down.  ows  occupywallstreetrtlooking down.  occupywallstreet comes times sq.  owl  nyc   @ marriott hotel/atrium lounge/8th floorrtonce  looks  nypd forced stand down.  ows  occupywallstreetrtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsrtstandoff here. nypd arrest white shirt down. ???  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupyrtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsthanks man. re tied down. weather doesn look bad tonight. mud rain.that image avi.  york photographers dream town.rtoccupyadvice "he [the mayor] hinted city hoping protest peters own." don happen   occupywallstreetrtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsrtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsrtrtcommunity purposely blocking 5th wsn police buses road cant down.  ows  occupywallstreet  oct15rtmatch tried charles river charlestown.  bpd no. standoff peaceful march back

rtmusic   song  ows  occupyanniversary  occupywallst  99percent  occupynation  occupy  occupyseattle  occupyseattlertcongratulations  occupywallstreet month resistance activism. can. cheers spain  occupyanniversaryrtsnuck  generalassembly 2 pick surprise  occupyanniversary cake.. shh dont tell em   owsrt72% yorkers trouble understanding  ows "incoherent" message   occupyanniversaryrtoccupyanniversary rtnypd trying bust medical tent  butis  winning  owsrtrton eve 1 month  occupyanniversary  tally protesters arrested vs bankers.  owsand don forget tally tea party protesters arrested. wanna know.  occupyanniversary  owsrtcongratulations  occupywallstreet month resistance activism. can. cheers spain  occupyanniversaryrt“on eve 1 month  occupyanniversary  tally protesters arrested vs bankers.  ows” <~ preach  rtrt72% yorkers trouble understanding  ows "incoherent" message   occupyanniversaryon celebrate  occupyanniversary  libertysquare   owsrtoccupyanniversary rtnypd trying bust medical tent  butis  winning  owsrtto 1 month  rtoccupyanniversary update settepani bk ready 2 cake 718 349 6524  needsoftheoccupiers  ows”rtoh gooooodon eve 1 month  occupyanniversary  tally protesters arrested vs bankers.  owsrtplz  occupyanniversary  occupytucson  ourwallstreet  occupyportland  fed $16 trillion bailout banks & corp.celebrate  “occupyanniversary   month  thousand candles   ows  sep17”  occupyyegmusic   song  ows  occupyanniversary  occupywallst  99percent  occupynation  occupy  occupyseattle  occupyseattlertcongratulations  occupywallstreet month resistance activism. can. cheers spain  occupyanniversaryrtoh gooooodon eve 1 month  occupyanniversary  tally protesters arrested vs bankers.  owsrt“on eve 1 month  occupyanniversary  tally protesters arrested vs bankers.  ows” <~ preach  rtrt“on eve 1 month  occupyanniversary  tally protesters arrested vs bankers.  ows” <~ preach  rt
rtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreet
dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  nyc dance experts judge contestants judges "dancing stars"    carrie ann inaba  br...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...according "dancing stars" contestant ricki lake  participating tv wonders h...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...

rt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreet
rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rt18th century ideas. 19th century institutions. 21 century problems. totalitarian future.  usdorrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.“18th century ideas. 19th century institutions. 21 century problems. totalitarian future.  usdor”the police advised walk. overuse force nypd solve problems.rt18th century ideas. 19th century institutions. 21 century problems. totalitarian future.  usdorah  miss mta rtrt“servadv  6 delayed thru 177th st due signal problems.”rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rt18th century ideas. 19th century institutions. 21 century problems. totalitarian future.  usdorrt18th century ideas. 19th century institutions. 21 century problems. totalitarian pre...rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rt18th century ideas. 19th century institutions. 21 century problems. totalitarian future.  usdorrt18th century ideas. 19th century institutions. 21 century problems. totalitarian future.  usdorrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rt18th century ideas. 19th century institutions. 21 century problems. totalitarian future.  usdorrt18th century ideas. 19th century institutions. 21 century problems. totalitarian future.  usdorrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.
rton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetof course rich shouldn reap benefits work. class warfare ftw  country greatthat shouldn stop fighting believe in.  ows criteria.thingspeopleshouldnotdo harm  cruelty  evil  "you following "  nurnbergtrials  junevaconvention  nypd  owsshouldn wear white labor day?rton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetit shouldn surprise piers morgan(d cnn) & sean penn(d chavez) smear tea party nazi party joins  ows  occupywallstreetrton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrtaerodynamically bumblebee shouldn able fly doesn goes flying anyway. m. kay ash  occupywallstreetunions buy protesters mtshouldn pissed ...wall street companies literally buy uniformed nypd officers?just saww/&. shouldn filmmakers arrange sneak preview w/?in summer months  course  rton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreettea party vs occupy wall street pictures   teaparty  tcot  patriot  occupywallst  thingspeopleshouldnotdo  americathingspeopleshouldnotdo defecate police cars  ows  occupywallstreet tea party eventnypd shouldn expect protesters leave   getthatthroughyourhead  feelwithyourheart  occupywallstreet“on weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreet” <     hahahahaharti guess shouldn upset re nytimes  choice pic prisoner swap story.   1 1000.rton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreetrtthe 4 reasons shouldn start marathon ve training  answer 2 hedging bets  thoughts?rton weekends  shouldn occupy wall street occupy hamptons?   occupywallstreet
dr. terry jones  occupywallstreet protesters   ows  occupywallst  iamthe53why  iamthe53 wrong   occupywallstreet  occupywallst  owsrtbreaking occupy wall street protestors caught video true colors & attacking nypd  please   iamthe53rtbreaking occupy wall street protestors caught video true colors & attacking nypd  please   iamthe53rtoccupywallstreet socialist jobless fags.  ows support  teaparty class jesus   iamthe53rtbreaking  owsprotestors caught video true colors & attacking nypd  please   iamthe53this "they’re mad corps bailed out. we’re mad govt bailed corps."   ows  iamthe53rtbreaking occupy wall street protestors caught video true colors & attacking nypd  please   iamthe53rtows protests crafted divert attention obama failures    occupywallstreet  usdor  iamthe53san diego explains  ows   heh    iamthe53  tcot  occupywallstreet  p2rtbreaking occupy wall street protestors caught video true colors & attacking nypd  please   iamthe53rtbreaking occupy wall street protestors caught video true colors & attacking nypd  please   iamthe53rtbreaking occupy wall street protestors caught video true colors & attacking nypd  please   iamthe53rtif haven seen ths  iamthe53 picture fromyet  please check    occupywallstreet  owsoccupychicago  occupywallstreet  iamthe53rtoccupywallstreet  teaparty  >  govt = freedom  iamthe53  tcot   occupysd  ows   p2breaking occupy wall street protestors caught video true colors & attacking nypd  please   iamthe53rtrtbreaking  owsprotestors caught video true colors & attacking nypd  please   iamthe53rtbreaking occupy wall street protestors caught video true colors & attacking nypd  please   iamthe53rtredistribution increase wealth.  ows  occupywallstreet  iamthe53  tcot /it fair share   tard. wake up.iamthe53 maintained protest plaza brought 53%.  please clean home dinner mommy s.
iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogueiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguestate art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...state art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguertok  time  correct link. review iphone 4s.wow   iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguevia  occupydallas  ows  occupywallstreet  needsoftheoccupiersrtiphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue"iphone 4s siri  crazy ." david pogue loving lots features.rtok  time  correct link. review iphone 4s.state art iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   pogue iphone 4s loaded dazzlers faster speed  ...iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguerthigh grades iphone 4s & siri.
rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersplz rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersfrom ows comical. water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtplz rtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiersrtows ups store 118a fulton st  205 york  ny  10038 / water jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops  needsoftheoccupiersrtwater jugs  winter clothes  4g wifi hotspots  durable laptops need.  needsoftheoccupiers
rtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupycanada  solidarityrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupyrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupyrtthe caucus republican hampshire debate checkrtrtrtthe caucus republican hampshire debate checkrtthe caucus republican hampshire debate checkrtthe caucus republican hampshire debate checkrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupy watch lsrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupycanada  solidarityi occupy hampshire am looking advice running gas. contact help  ows?"rt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupy"  policestatertrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupyrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupyrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupy   zh cnrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupyrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupycanada  solidarityrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupycanada  solidarityrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupyrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupy watch ls“ occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupy”. timenew hampshire hold presidential primary december
rtnato officer qaddafi loyalists’ resilience surprisingrtworst intersections nyc pedestrians bicyclists inc houston/bowery  bikenycows  occupywallstreet doesn lobby $ politics  lobby $ politics  unions  environmentalistsrtthx 4  occupy story smh   needsoftheoccupiers "more journalists cover movement"rtnato officer qaddafi loyalists’ resilience surprisingsalamander study enlists york city seventh gradersthanks recent srtnow hair salon/barbershop  calling nyc hairstylists   occupywallstreetrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorso "journalists"  chriswallace decide deserves news coverage?pure journalism dead    occupywallstreet  owsrtoccupydc  occupykst  plans participate international day action oct 15th  solidarity   occupywallstreetthe email archive  occupywallstreet movement anarchists  socialists  unions  democrats plansrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdortaxpayers pay televangelists  lavish lifestyles   ows  occupywallstreet  usdornato officer qaddafi loyalists’ resilience surprising overseeing libyan air campaign t...rtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtows  occupywallstreet doesn lobby $ politics  lobby $ politics  unions  environmentalistsrtcapitalists  corporate  greedrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtin additionand; journalists nation cover  occupy fairly accurately. retweet pleasenato officer qaddafi loyalists’ resilience surprising   africa
that nice... rich guy okay demand separation business state.occupywallstreet  separation firmrtsupport 28th amendment separation corporation   ows  p2  topprog  p21  usdor  accountability  1urtwe fought separation church & state. fight separation corporation &  occupywallstreet  occupychi  owsrtsupport 28th amendment separation corporation   ows  p2  topprog  p21  usdor  accountability  1urtwe fought separation church & state. fight separation corporation &  occupywallstreet  occupychi  owsrtseparation corporation 28th amendment   separationofcorporationandstate  occupywallstreetrtsupport 28th amendment separation corporation   ows  p2  oct22  p21  usdor  october2011  1u  p21rtsupport 28th amendment separation corporation   ows  p2  topprog  p21  usdor  accountability  1urtpotential demand "separation business state".  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallst  occupy  obrtits crazy obvious  "separation business state" obvious separation church & state.  owsrtseparation corporation growing roots amoung redditors.   owsrtthe separation yoga schools?  viartsupport 28th amendment separation corporation   ows  p2  topprog  p21  usdor  accountability  1usupport 28th amendment separation corporation   ows  p2  topprog  p21  usdor  accountability  1usupport 28th amendment separation corporation   ows  p2  oct22  p21  usdor  october2011  1u  p21rtsupport 28th amendment separation corporation   ows  p2  topprog  p21  usdor  accountability  1urtsupport 28th amendment separation corporation   ows  p2  topprog  p21  usdor  accountability  1urtsupport 28th amendment separation corporation   ows  p2  topprog  p21  usdor  accountability  1urton separation corporation   proposed constitutional amendment   ows  occupywallstreetwe demand separation corporation     ows  occupywallst  occupynyc  occupywallstnyc  occupy
rtrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtat york schools  finding time exercisertamen rtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsoccupytogetherrt“wish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  ows”rtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsat york schools  finding time exercise amid budget cuts testing pressures  york teachers a...rtopp called strikes type jobs  including educations   kids outside schools  r/a demosrtat york schools  finding time exerciseslownewsday rtlocker decorations growing popularity middle schoolsrtmarine schools nypd times square protest "this war zone "thanks volunteers   rt"new york cares day" brings makeovers city schoolsrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owssadly unsurprising—vending machines healthy snacks tough sell schoolsrtat york schools  finding time exerciseat york schools  finding time exerciseny times york schools  finding time exercise amid budget cuts testing pressures  york t...rtrtrthow cheating educators york schools played    education  ethicsccrtslownewsday rtlocker decorations growing popularity middle schoolsdtn usa locker decorations growing popularity middle schools capitalizing taste priva...dtn usa york schools  finding time exercise amid budget cuts testing pressures  york t...


child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... strength training ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...child workout guru c.j. senter encourages classmates  kids ...child workout guru c.j. senter encourages classmates  kids ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...exercise  weight child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids countr...  hr fitness updatechild workout guru c.j. senter encourages classmates  kids ...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ... nina mandell pint sized...
rtthe  occupywallstreet  ows talking  gop anymore goddamn fucking  teaparty  tcot.  p2  occupyrta99  usdor fucking  culturejammers.rtturns running horses battle lord fucking rings isn idea assholes.  owsfucking twat“subway surfer  caught video  crazy fucking personrteither representatives  fucking terrorists?   usdor  owsrtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15olast night dc fire dept. shouted "power fucking people " truck pa  occupydcrtso cops like? lapd? rti fucking hate nypd cops.rta fucking rtthis begging politicians. want. ball court.if white dude fucking fat chick  occupywallst probablyrtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortfucking paramilitary bullshit pulled 46th rtriot police  ready work.  owsrteither representatives  fucking terrorists?   usdor  owsmy  occupywallst moment  fucking life avoid  dont money cvs  walmart treats customers bettervery metal indeed. "lets consider bringing classic back. times   veryfuckingmetal"rta fucking rtthis begging politicians. want. ball court.rtnow fucking spirit boys....has penned & recorded  occupywallst rock songrtfucking paramilitary bullshit pulled 46th rtriot police  ready work.  owsrtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15oword 100% donations prolly 99%  fucking job stop acting chump ... occupywallst
rtoccupywallst  occupyasia rt???   ???99?????????   rtrt?? ????? ?? ????.??1%? ??? ??? ??? ?? 99%? ???? ???? ?? ???
rtasmaa mahfouz (   virginia 3 days starting tomorrow. stop  occupywallstreet.rtgiving speech  occupiedwallstreet tomorrow. abouta occupy pace university lol. wish luck   takewallstreet  99percent  owsrtgiving speech  occupywallstreet tomorrow. abouta occupy pace university lol. wish luck   takewallstreet  99percent  owsthe power ofthx pat  rtgood call  rtthe fresh tomato salsa returning tomorrow.bloomberg refused acknowledge petitions signed 310k people.  libertysquare  liberty plaza  ows try tomorrow.canadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viartpls urgent>>nypd attempt evict  occupywallstreet tomorrow. call 212 york & tellusdorrtpls urgent>nypd attempt evict  occupywallstreet tomorrow. call 212 york & tell2 support people   usdorcan wait hot danny reagan tomorrow. ;) "love seeing hot nypd"ows cleanest section nyc tomorrow.they coming smelly ass tomorrow. favor "resistlawenforcement" isrtcanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viacanadians  send msg stop canadian company evicting  occupywallstreet 7am tomorrow. act @  viarthe told gathered crowd "see tomorrow. tomorrow."  occupywallstreet  owsrtthreat much? mt"really hopeisn evicting tomorrow. sake."rtyep. ll utilities tomorrow unless pay rent tomorrow. utilities/no rent = court loss  rothboysrti ll tell landlord uk donations tomorrow.  rothboysrtdefend occupy wall street  ll 6am tomorrow. hear rumor union coming 4am. bring  nypd.  owsrtpls urgent>>nypd attempt evict  occupywallstreet tomorrow. call 212 york & tellusdorrtnypd attempt evict  occupywallstreet tomorrow.   call 212 york & tellno  nyctahrirmt provocateur  ows tomorrow. watch closely.
rtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstevery politician  ows  trust wall street supporters congress.rtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  owsrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykst“they understand constituency ” banker  referring congress. infuriating.rtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   us...rtrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.rtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykstrtshadow congress. 2010 170 former congress lobbyists.   usdor  occupykst
private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...rtprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor  viadwn  stopice  ri4a  altopolimigra  p2private immigration jails bucks locking poor  via<rtprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor  viadwn  stopice  ri4a  altopolimigra  p2private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...love thinking.   starbucks  moneyprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...to list  occupywallstreet. occupyphishshow. occupymicrobrewery. occupystarbucks. occupydadsbmw.private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...bucks blog online game challenges live $1 000 month online game called spent what...private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar business o...i punch idiot  occupywallstreet... throw couple bucks tell  occupyajob . worthstarbucks actively corporate monies elections time     coming   usdor  owsprivate immigration jails bucks locking poor  viadwn  stopice  ri4a  altopolimigra  p2rtdow 330 day.  occupymyportfolio  keepprotesting  occupywallstreet  appleup19bucks  useyouriphones  buymoreipads  aimlesstoolsstarbucks   job creation  initiative  job creatorsbucks blog online game challenges live $1 000 monthbucks blog skirmish a.t.m. card feesel pte de starbucks sustituirá con su red la inutil banca que el crédito de particulares fluya hacia las pymesbucks blog online game challenges live $1 000 month online game called spent what...cash private immigration jails bucks locking poor talking billion dollar busi...

rtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorthe real anarchists ignore constitution isn convenient.  looking @ tom  devall.  occupybostonrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsfortunately nypd officer appears uninjured  4   canadian  anarchistowsfailthe 1%  canadian anarchist leading 99%ers sight behold  ...eh   occupywallstreet  failrt71 criminal  occupy marxists/anarchists arrested nycrtoccupational hazards zine occupy movement real   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  wallstreetrtoccupational hazards zine occupy movement real   occupywallstreet  occupytogether  wallstreetrta trusted source told federal agent directly dhs "anarchists" excuse. happened bostonrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorthat word re using rome. anarchists infiltrated caused riots.  though.rtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdorrtspoke fed agent week  dhs planning using word  anarchist  pr term occupations.  usdoroccupywallstreet  ows  occupywallst fronts racists  communists  anarchists designed destroy constitution.
rtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtculture war over.  lost.  usdor  govt  press  & civic space captured powerful factions.   usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtculture war over.  lost.  usdor  govt  press  & civic space captured powerful factions.   usdorrtculture war over.  lost.  usdor  govt  press  & civic space captured powerful factions.   usdorrt.we disagree.  government & left co opted disloyal factions.  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtculture war over.  lost.  usdor  govt  press  & civic space captured powerful factions.   usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtculture war over.  lost.  usdor  govt  press  & civic space captured powerful factions.   usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdor
rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtanyone believes congress controls wall street & confused.  ows  occupywallstreet  99percentrtthey accused blocking traffic  sidewalk. confused. pushed hit batons.  occupywallstrtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)rti ve confused  occupy  people  woman helped   (thanks)rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtthe gop cut unemployment benefits & raise taxes 99% us. isn  occupywallst  confused.rtrtconfused  occupywallst ? calvin hobbes lay 5 understand   owsrtoccupywallstreet isn political movement  traveling freakshow lost confused.   tcotrtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.rtfirst start educating people occupying & goal  people confused.
rthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouservertimportant  nypd  german  france  police riot uniform..against  peaceful ppl    s21rthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserve
rtspeaking lawer yvonne brown brookfield exceeding grounds lease. ccowsrtjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertanyone else noticing skywriting happening now. ah  "lost lease"  ows presume? ccrtjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertspeaking lawer yvonne brown brookfield exceeding grounds lease. ccowsrtjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livertspeaking lawer yvonne brown brookfield exceeding grounds lease. ccowsrtspeaking lawer yvonne brown brookfield exceeding grounds lease. ccowsrtjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. livebruce bartlett inside cain tax planrtspeaking lawer yvonne brown brookfield exceeding grounds lease. ccowsrtjesse jackson solidarity protesters cops trying med tent. live
occupywallstreet urgently matador costumes.needsoftheoccupiers  owsoccupywallstreet urgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrt0_o ...... oh  rturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrt0_o ...... oh  rturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrt+99 rturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows cc“urgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows cc” idea heyrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows ccrturgently matador costumes.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows cc
cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...sprocket watching  ny1 morning. sfuzziest fana start  bet salaries remain skyrocket...you know...even higher.   occupywallstreetfighting fight.cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...dtn usa cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pa...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...its pakistan isi giving rockets  maybe doing themselves  tacitly approveafghanistan sharply increased volume rocket fire pakistan past 6 months (lead story  ny times)   tcotcross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t..."radio city rockettes begin rehearsals mas  girls    ohyeaaahhhcross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...news cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan f...   nytimesnews cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan from...   newscross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...protestors york times square  occupywallst; according toher hubbyiscross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...radio city rockettes begin rehearsals mascross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanis...
rtour reporters zuccotti park  ows preps showdown nypd live updatesrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.occupy wall street showdown police looms friday morning showdown loomed occupy wall street ...occupy wall street sunrise showdown camping gear illegal zuccotti park deputy nypd commissioner paul...rtour reporters zuccotti park ows preps showdown nypd live updatesoccupywallstreet showdown looms protesters nypd police cleanin..rt  owslets nypd     occupywallstreet ready morning showdown nypdrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.occupysd inoccupywallstreet braces showdownrtstay safe em hell  ows rtoccupywallstreet ready morning showdown nypdrtour reporters zuccotti park  ows preps showdown nypd live updatesshowdownrtthis occupation  permitted picnic   wall street protesters brace showdown nypd park cleanrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.everyone appears excited "showdown" tomorrow nypd wall street occupiers  barbarismoccupy wall street showdown looms protesters nypd cops cleaning zuccotti parkrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rtoccupywallstreet ready morning showdown nypd
rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.sony freezes gaming accounts hacking attack sony eager expand network offerings combin...rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.york top colleges offering plans york city tech meccarti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.guardian angels nyc patrol brooklyn 3 rapist. offering escorts self defense street patrols.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti email david cameron offering 2m creditcard. really? yes. do... probably real lol  usdorstar chef heat recession  expands offeringsrtthe harlem bar & restaurant crawl 10/25. popular neighborhood venues offering discounts. 2 1 tix 10/23.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rtoffering supply arms & launder reputation regime suspected genocide? got… (cont)rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.
occupywallstreet protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes"millionaires march" stops chez murdoch  occupywallstreet  globalrevolutionrtrtbreakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiestwall street protesters plan  millionaires marchoccupy wall st protesters plan millionaires march homes 5 nyc wealthiest /via<they ll pizza & heroine 4 ?how dare practical  mtthe millionairesmarch protesters heading uptown but...not marching..they re taking subway.rt:“breakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiestrtupper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protestersmillionaires march  disciplined  bottle window unravel quickly. watch person   ows  usdoroccupy wall street protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes...rt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rtcuomo renew millionaires’ taxreportsrt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.retweet  america stands corporate greed. americans don t. jobs  bonuses millionaires.  occupywallstreet?(??????•??)??(??????•??)??(??????•??)? 300  usa spartans stand rights 99%  millionaires march   ows  fairplay 4  usaoccupywallstreet protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes    twisters  tcot  p2well. home. rtbreakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires ...rt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rtupper east siders annoyed "millionaires march"  doormen nannies cheering protestersrtoccupy wall street protesters plan  millionaires march  rupert murdoch  tycoons  nyc homes  viartbreakingnews occupy wall st. protesters plan  millionaires march  homes 5 nyc wealthiest
rtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtand public   ows “in private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtows rtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"""bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreet"


rtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsrt"in party system steal economic freedom personal freedom  beware"   ows  occupywallstreetrtoccupyasheville campers cityhall kicked ass load police.  ows  occupywallstreet  occupytogetheroccupywallstreet  occupytogether   wondering occupy philly?rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsthe moment  reasons15othe nation wall street  npr    occupywallstreet  usdor  owsrt"you don petting zoo interact animals. pigs sheep " ~sn  occupywallstreetrtamazon signs authors  writing publishers deal. publishers happy campersstand  occupywallst demand real democracy  send message support  ows  please sign nooowrtrtwhat nobel prize winning economist  ows?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetinspiring video :)    ows  occupywallst  occupiedworldsomething see.occupywallst history repeating polyester via    ...rtrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 (cont)rtmarchers reached  washingtonsquare  moving closer 2 converge  occupytimessquare 5pm. wear whitertneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.how that?   time start listening  otherwise mockednytimes house passes bill reduce access abortions   pelosi outraged.  newsrtows  solidarity  usdor  99percent please don allow racism antisemitism infiltrate ows movement. together.please follow me.... rton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started all:...please follow me.... rton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started...
super happy finally starting internship atthis wednesday happy music/dancingrtvideo nypd cops fight girls subway  |  viewhiphopsolarpowered  ship pv power  oceantransportationdemocracy america ll buy 99%  occupywallstreet yard sign. what?  occupy[redacted|township signs?  owsrtvideo nypd cops fight girls subway  |  viewhiphopmeet nypd’s ‘hipster cop’  viartto trending hashtags join  occupywallstreet  ows  99percent.   galaxysiiftw  hiphopawards  twothingsthatdontmix  twittercypherwhat  occupywallstreet ?exploring leadership phenomenon    occupyseattle  occupytogether  stopthemach2011  usdorrtdinner w. garden salsa sun chips shizzle.  occupywallstreet"video nypd cops fight girls subway" tgz american hiphop"video nypd cops fight girls subway" tgz american hiphopyankees  jesus montero figure bombers  2012 plans  regular trade chiprtre hipster cop yuprtthings rated world scrabble championshipmarriage partnership furniture vitamin hobbyrtin weren  occupywallstreet et al   handy sign  (via)rtfrom army medic friend iraq "you tell hippiesto bring home " grew vt dairy farm gone  owsrtows alert twitter suspendsaccount.  censorship  occupywallstmore occupy wall street hipster cop   owsupdatesays occupy wall street hipster cop dinner   occupymyheartduke business school announces partnership kazakhstan fees “purport reduce f...

rt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrtpelosi lashes cantor defends protesters  reader supported news  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreet
rtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaowsrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetoccupywallst amazing citizen movement highlighting outrageous greed rarely  happy take.rt.marks  100years ca initiative reformhighlighting findings  nextca delib pollrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaowsrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtthepreviews graphic design production  highlighting role digital technology fieldrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreet

how muslims kill muslims ?????. ://www.nytimes.com/2011/10/04/world/asia/pakistan gunmen kill shiite muslims.html?partner=rss&emc=rssoccupywallstreet planning guy fawkes night remember remember 5th november gunpowder treason day     ows  usdorshould people allowed gun charge betray revolution?  ows  usdor  obama2012  gop2012  tcotthe guns trampled indigenous  black  brown  yellow  white.rtrtnypd pulled netting  preparing tear gas guns disperse crowd. world watchingowsrtbreaking   evidence  hillary mastermind  gunwalker   takewallstreet   sep17nypd sgt. saves own life jamming finger trigger felon gunrtofficer saved gunpoint own wedged fingerthe marine york talked king shit nypd major salute there. didn arrest pull guns him.  salutegets gun spitting incident asim martinez  32  committed murder rage neighbor  t...gun violence mars columbus day weekend ten people shot frightening rash violence city ...gets gun spitting incident asim martinez  32  committed murder rage neighbor  t...house panel issues subpoena records gun programrtrtdidn  teaparty ppl townhalls handguns? yes  yes believe did.  occupywallstreetrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdnypd sgt. saves own life jamming finger trigger felon gun  quick handed nypd sergeant stopped a...hoodmemories watching shotgun pop hide bldg basement 13 nypd search hr; 5 min afta dey lefbetter careful  kids guns badges dangerous.what government hasn realized revolution begun  occupywallstrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdi seeandstill effect  ve ed  jumped gun  type info.

rt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdor"how maximum wage?"  viaoccupywallst  99percent  owsrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdorrtpolice using pressure cause maximum pain activists tower  dalefarmrt3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdor3 minutes maximum legally wash sq pk...  15oct  ows  usdor
lack jobs developed world & abject poverty overdeveloped world result limits growth & ecology collapse  occupywallstreetus & world economy based unlimited growth & resource recover. sustain highly inequitable consumption  occupywallstreetrtrif nypd actually arrested ppl trying close accounts citibank  ll iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owschina export growth eases amid global turmoil  york timesspanish companies look abroad growth   york times madrid — spain struggling escape european...spanish companies look abroad growth   york times madrid — spain struggling escape european...rtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtnypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  ows  stribpolrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owschina export growth eases amid global turmoil chinese data trade surplus narrowed septemb...rtwe form political party outgrowth  occupywallst movement.  call unity party.rtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  ows1 week beard growth.  1 week plus showering & ll ready 2 join wall st. protests & blend in.   occupywallsthouseholds pay price china’s growth  viartif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  ows
rtbishop indicted; charge failing report abuse   ag sulzberger & goodstein   nytimes   richarddawkins netrtvideo nypd cops fight girls subway  |  viewhiphopoccupywallstreet leaderless resistance bigger person group; messages freedom  workers  ecology hope worldrtvideo nypd cops fight girls subway  |  viewhiphoprtto trending hashtags join  occupywallstreet  ows  99percent.   galaxysiiftw  hiphopawards  twothingsthatdontmix  twittercypher"video nypd cops fight girls subway" tgz american hiphop"video nypd cops fight girls subway" tgz american hiphophere hoping la la anthony properly set dvr sunday night.best wishes brave occupiers worldwide  hope ones  ows stand ground tomorrow w/o trouble  nypdrtplease warm welcome  follow to. hoping kick citizen  dollar  vote pa   usdor  ows.i hope idea traction  ows. start1% hoping 99% run  esteem  99% thinking 1% run money.  occupywallstreet  globalrevolution  ows  oct15rtplease warm welcome  follow to. hoping kick citizen  dollar  vote pa   usdor  owsthanks darling  hope re kicking butt reporter (as totally expect ) xoxoat library  vintage hip hop meditationlets hope poor lady suit slams nypd law suitrtvideo wall street nypd officer "my little nightstick workout tonight hopefully"rtpsychopathic killers leave clues speech patterns   possibly texts & tweetsspike lee holds  popup sale  outside studio; brooklynites shop racks ...rt @ 2011teacher hope push democrats left  occupywallst  occupydenver  ows / push em left push em  copolsi shop wal mart conversations people surprise me. (i the...
rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtrtrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.
rtoccupywallstreet  occupymarines unite     america america support pushing forwardnews obama vows punish iran alleged plot envoy president obama push calls ...rti truly support  occupywallstreet serious start pushing  bankster corner. how? bank clean accountdemocracy 50.1% oppressing 49.9%. push individual rights & peaceful voluntary interactionrtthey accused blocking traffic  sidewalk. confused. pushed hit batons.  occupywallstrt @ 2011teacher hope push democrats left  occupywallst  occupydenver  ows / push em left push em  copolsin business pushing garbage studies lying propagandist stories? nice.rtoccupywallstreet  occupymarines unite     america america support pushing forwardpuppet obama pushing  occupywallstreet partyers telling re similar movementsrtabout push barricades ts meet others. enormous police presence.   occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  occupy  owsrtnew york daily news  nypd 200 protestors pushed wall st barricades  pepper sprayedrtows sd news media story suggest  occupysd banner hanger fell/pushed suicide.  occupywallstreetrtwe 99% join movement  push economy level.. (no.regrets.just.results.) nxt level  occupywallstreetpresident push larger american effort is...this relevant song ows movement. free download (push arrow)this relevant song ows movement. free download (push arrow)this relevant song ows movement. free download (push arrow)rtamerican nazi party continues push streets  occupiersoccupywallst push  gotv agenda protests.  changethevote  termlimits  notoincumbents  owsrtpics cops mounted horses push times square  occupy  crowdvnyt / white house data  iran push  nuclear arms   iranelection
r.i.p. rtrtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer     concise.rtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer mr. ritchie  inventor programming language ...dennis ritchie 70 dies  programming trailblazer  rip mr. ritchie  programmers owe careers   fbdennis ritchie  trailblazer digital era  dies 70  comments"ritchieeeeeeeeee"  “dennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerrtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazernytimes dennis ritchie  programming trailblazer  dies 70rtdennis ritchie  programming trailblazer  dies 70dennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer mr. ritchie  inventor programming language ...dennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer mr. ritchie  inventor programming language ...r.i.p. rtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazernytimes dennis ritchie  trailblazer digital era  dies 70rtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer mr. ritchie  inventor programming languag...   tech: ( dennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerrtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazerrtdennis ritchie  70  dies  programming trailblazer
rtnew  citizenradio reporters funded ‘vulture capitalist’ smear  occupywallstreet  karl rove vs. koch brothers   owsindustrial  speculative capitalism deeply violent  kills people  species & ecosystems. fascism rises people lose values  occupywallstreetwhy  wethepeople  occupywallst ? beltway earnings u.s. capital richer silicon valley   ows  occupydcjpmc isn "donating" nypd  bank america  barclays capital  goldman sachs... did.warren buffett nao sabe ir sobre ganhos capital é sobre inflacao.  rtstorming capitalist castleoccupywallstreet absolutely stupid   anti capitalism crapstorming capitalist castleeconomix blog nancy folbre storming capitalist castle  york timesrtoccupynewzealand  occupywallstreet tvnz 100 anti capitalist protesters marched solidarity owsrt"socialism capitalism lower classes”   oswald spengler  occupywallstreet  occupyamsterdamrtnew  citizenradio reporters funded ‘vulture capitalist’ smear  occupywallstreet  karl rove vs. koch brothers   owsoccupywallstreet movement proves capitalism oppression worse dictator oppression   owsrtbogota  colombia exciting capital  leaving dangerous reputation  viaremember remember fifth november   fuckcapitalism  ows  occupywallst  vrtthousands instances exist appropriations leveraged fundraising dollars political capital  senusdorjp morgan chase isn "donating" nypd  bank america  barclays capital  goldman sachs...   owsgermany france near deal recapitalize banksrtif capitalism & democracy means 1% greedy rich choose puppet politicians destroy 99%  hell it. vote  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet thank anti capitalist socialist workers world party participation   owsrtlech walesa  former nobel prize winning polish president  warns  worldwide revolt capitalism    owsrtlech walesa  former nobel prize winning polish president  warns  worldwide revolt capitalism    ows
if lose commute & midtown  re luck.lost & found penn station...rtgiving speech  occupiedwallstreet tomorrow. abouta occupy pace university lol. wish luck   takewallstreet  99percent  owsrtgiving speech  occupywallstreet tomorrow. abouta occupy pace university lol. wish luck   takewallstreet  99percent  owsgola nfl teams  suck luck  campaignrtbig stand middle times sq  luck  brutality  15oct  ows  usdornew york 13 237 yellow taxis; 231 accommodate wheelchair. 1.7%.  luck finding cab.sorrybut schooled chris hedges  luck time   occupywallst  owsrtindianapolis colts consider drafting qb andrew luck owner jim irsayrtbig stand middle times sq  luck  brutality  15oct  ows  usdorchild  60 here. wish luck  truly. power concedes w/o demand. don it.rtbig stand middle times sq  luck  brutality  15oct  ows  usdorlucky bruce   memoir bruce jay friedman   review           picwishing save world...luckily  trying.good lucktake public space   ows  zucottipark  freedomplaza2great reasons  ows  rtbest  occupywallstreet video ve seen   occupyreno  occupylvnypd cop stuck finger goon’s gun he’s lucky alive | york city local   yahoo  newsrtgood luck tomorrow  occupywallst   careful.     owsyeah ok don tweet time guess.. ?? luck w/ psychosisrtbig stand middle times sq  luck  brutality  15oct  ows  usdorrtbig stand middle times sq  luck  brutality  15oct  ows  usdorrtthx  worried abt&rtgood luck arrested thing. xox
occupy  occupyphilly  occupywallstreet   read experience  photos  video  etcrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtvid  nypd decks  ows protester   occupy  occupywallstreet  tlot  libertarian shared via tweetcasterrtmy takeaway  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?getting arrested app android market. alerts lawyers  loved ones  etc.  needsoftheoccupiersrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtdeath announced nina sorokina  former bolshoi ballet principal."go links print brooklyn sex attack suspect sketches.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtbravo amazon. expect  happen lots industries (netflix  hulu  spotify  zillow  etc)can specify amount equipment:laptop generator etc.ready pay items 2 mail marina.happy.tour.comcan specify amount equipmnt:laptop generator etc.ready pay items 2 mail marina.happy.tour.comneedsoftheoccupiers specify amount equipment:laptops etc.ready pay items 2 mail marina.happy.tour.comits jonathan aitken hilton hotel etc againrt"millionaires march" begins tom. 12:30 pm 59th st.  ows plans visit homes murdoch  dimon  paulson  etc.rtows takes pre emptive measures planned nypd "cleanup"  zuccotti fri.issues call brooms  trash bags etcrtows rtnice hear mayorstopped occupy wall street.ur move. ccrtmy takeaway  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?rt...  occupywallst degree sheer amount media (phones/cameras/etc) pro media matter less?rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.
rthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserverthow cost  wallstreet buy? $37 /hr cop uniform.   whodoyouserve
sandra lee dons celebrity inspired halloween costumes mixing cocktails ...alec baldwin celebrity visit zuccotti park occupy wall ...   york daily newsoccupywallstreet special:canadian caption writer goes rogue & takes down celebrities   occupytogether  ows  usdorrtamazing  globe & mail caption writer hijacks celeb photos slideshow  occupywallstbrilliant caption writer hijacks globe mail "celebrity photos week" photos w.  occupywallstreet supportfanks you. am home mom birthday celebration.alec baldwin celebrity visit zuccotti park occupy wall ... christina boyle alec baldwin...kanye west  simmons visit wall st. protesters occupy wall street protest shot celebrity glitz mon...occupy wall st. celebrates 1 mo. anniversary occupy wall street protesters zuccotti par...arrest hacking celebrities  private mail ian lovett adam nagourney los angeles — flori...rtthe millionaire billionaire celebs endorse welcomed  occupywallstreet idiotic protests are.  owsrtpeople awesome. canadian newspaper caption writer sabotages celebrity photo page  occupywallstreet »rtbigger crowd (60ish) sacred space occupy wall street seen  ceremony celebrate and...celebridades del espectáculo se unen protestas de  occupywallst celebridades del espectáculo se unen protes...rtrtamazing  globe & mail caption writer hijacks celeb photos slideshow  occupywallstrtwall street resistance event celebrating genocide america columbus day &  indigenous peoplenational dance institute center celebrates harlem home           picrtthe resources celebrity them/ empower others.   occupywallstreet.rtinteresting..all "patriots" celebrate "boston tea party"  revolution outraged peaceful calls4 fairness  ows.  usdorpeople awesome. canadian newspaper caption writer sabotages celebrity photo page  occupywallstreet »rtthat 1 memorable nights ve activist. celebration 30 days  saving med tent and..
video 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viartrthey 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd copsvideo 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viacheck video    1 marine vs. 30 cops  marine punks nypd cops power people   occupyvideo 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viartoccupy wall street live coverage   ny daily news   ows  15ou.s. marine punks nypd copsvideo 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viarabbi busts trio synagogue thieves punks charged breaking historic lower east s...rtwatch  marine punks thirty nypd cops occupy wall streetwatch  marine punks thirty nypd cops occupy wall streetit cnn evening "occupiers" unorganized  uneducated punks sell smoke pot  sex.video 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viateamusmc u.s. marine punks nypd copswatch  marine punks thirty nypd cops occupy wall streetwatch  marine punks thirty nypd cops occupy wall streetwatch  marine punks thirty nypd cops occupy wall streetwatch  marine punks thirty nypd cops occupy wall streetwatch  marine punks thirty nypd cops occupy wall street1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   occupywallstreet  nypd  marine  viavideo 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   via
rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstanonymous message  nypd anthony bologna exposed police brutality.   ows  perestroika  glasnost  occupywhitehouse  usaoccupysf medics  occupier cardiac arrest due police brutality. live  n0.gd/pb91si  ows  occupywallstreetoccupysf medics  occupier cardiac arrest due police brutality. live  n0.gd/pb91si  ows  occupywallstoccupysf medics  occupier cardiac arrest due police brutality. live  n0.gd/pb91si  ows  occupywallstreetoccupysf medics  occupier cardiac arrest due police brutality. live  n0.gd/pb91si  owsrtoccupysf medics  occupier cardiac arrest due police brutality. live  n0.gd/pb91si  ows  occupywallstreetmoving "us military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallst"us military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstows rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstvideo  nypd officer punching girl face. countless videos brutality.rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtseveral hundred  ows protesters rallied tuesday  nypd arrests & brutality.   nycrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallst
rtthis ugly. letter frm  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owsleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtmtbrookfield received nearly 700k meant business  $8 billion company    owsrtmtbrookfield received nearly 700k meant business  $8 billion company    owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsexclusive brookfield looted $700k 9/11 gov grant meant business evict  owsif nypd enforces brookfield rules zuccotti  bar lying  effectively encampment. except narcoleptics.rtspeaking lawer yvonne brown brookfield exceeding grounds lease. ccowsthis f**ked up..rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 (cont)check brookfield letter nypd %22clear%22 zuccotti park occupy wall street protesters docstocrttroubling letter brookfield  nypd regarding  occupywallstreet     ows  generalassemblyrtrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti unde… (cont)leaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"   ows  anonymous  lieshere letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtre zuccotti park   fyi — brookfield global real estate produce title  stolenland       occupywallst  takewallstreetrtrtrtat  ows  national lawyers guild filed letter brookfield invoking 1st amendment occupy.rtall &will mtwillbe park fri ensure rights ppl regardless brookfield rules?
"do wait leaders;  person person." mother teresa   occupywallstreetoccupywallstreet leaderless resistance bigger person group; messages freedom  workers  ecology hope worldrtelections putspro israel neocons & antiback top &againstrt"we re leaderless movement  re movement leaders"   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  takewallstreetwhat  occupywallstreet ?exploring leadership phenomenon    occupyseattle  occupytogether  stopthemach2011  usdorrtrtstop cops  start political leaders.  goodpointrtrtthey arrested hero cause leader. leader.ows  fbrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstprogressive warrior & feminist leader  naomi wolf v. nypd 10.18.2011  viap2  fem2ap  occupy  protests leaders?.  occupywallstreetrt"we re leaderless movement  re movement leaders"   occupywallstreet  occupychicago  takewallstreetjohn lewis denied chance speak occupy atlanta leader civil rights movement  bu...occupy atlanta denies lewis chance speak leader civil rights movement  georgi...iran warns u.s. retaliation talk iran supreme leader warned united sunday measure...israeli soldier gilad shalit freed text message  mahmoud zahar  hamas  leader gaza strip  that...herman cain “a leader” names people run “ubeki beki beki beki stan stan.”rtdo mistake movement leadership   leaders    wiunion  ows  occupywallstreetrtoccupy  justsayin  occupytogether  weareleaders maybe co opt dem party instead. :)livetweet christie romney prez “governor christie national leader fight reform govern...rtwe leaderless movement. movement leaders.  occupychicago  occupywallst  occupytogether  occupychi  solidarityrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallst
rtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtrtfull report jesse jacksons intervention helping save medical tent @  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raid
rtwhat impresses media coverage  occupywallstreet inattentive sleeping factor social media ignition moment.police fear factor “crowd "control"  ows standoff  washingtonsquare parknytimes african cave  signs ancient paint factoryafrican cave yields evidence prehistoric paint factorythinks pot head  agitator  nuisance incapable finishing sentence. fascinating.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.nyt > science   african cave yields evidence prehistoric paint factoryrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtin african cave  signs ancient paint factory  viaa reminder nyt de facto national paperrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtrtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.rtnypd confirming nyt sleeping bags etc park. = de facto eviction. gonna ugly.in  cost fuel factor finally reins military growth?ok edl bot  thinking irritation factor...i wonder ifhasin pocket ncpd? probably bloomberg stazi following ex too. scumbagrtfact clash joe strummer psychic. 1977 note addressed toin 2011 simply "fight on".  occupywallstreetcool science african cave  signs ancient paint factory
rtstop stealing artist  leave gaga.rt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrevis return helps jets fry fish  24 6 jets overcame week filled bickering snap ga...rt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorst. louis cardinals & allen craig strike world series game 1  win 3 2 ... rangers starter cj wilson ga...braiden harvey morgan stanley $2.15 billion profit exceeds expectations   york times telegraph.co.ukmorga...rt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorcalifornia inmates 3 week hunger strike thousands prisoners stopped eating renewed protest aga...st. louis cardinals & allen craig strike world series game 1  win 3 2 ... rangers starter cj wilson ga...rt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorcalifornia inmates 3 week hunger strike thousands prisoners stopped eating renewed protest aga...9/10 consensus official setup zuccotti ga. block set aside 9+ each.rtows ga. report backs. direct action structure.   meets daily 1 4 pm  sept17  occupywallst  vibeapprtmtthe drum circle ceasing ga. quiet creates space yogic meditation circle   owsrt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrt3k washington sq pk eating dinner starting ga.  ows  15oct  usdorrtrtmore tear gas people running ramp down. ma7adish fahim 7aga.  maspero  egypt
rtladies germs  shout tooccupywallstreet  ows  usdorrtif philly friends tentand friends one. keeping informed weeks  occupyphillyrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtrtrtrtoccupywallstreet makes abc news ticker times sq.rtoccupy wall street nypd officer bologna arrest sought pepper spray incident  viaindustrial  speculative capitalism deeply violent  kills people  species & ecosystems. fascism rises people lose values  occupywallstreetrtupdate via  occupykst ga 20k presently  libertyplaza  40k  washingtonsquare. plz rtrtnote retracting earlier  libertyplaza  washingtonsquare crowd estimates. stay tuned. plz rtas   further...close bc gambling housertrtupdate  occupykst ga 20k presently  libertyplaza  40k  washingtonsquare. plz  cdnpoli  occupycanadacongress responsible. lobbyist out. sec job.  restore glass stegal... start . owsglass steagall... pardon typoexactly   people responsible congress unbeholden corporationsafter supreme courts decision? golet police arrest us; pay bail. clog prison system.cnn smock talk rocks coherency nemesis neutralizer satanic mediator orwellian charlatan kingpin transpar...www.cnnsmock.comrtneedsoftheoccupiers dustpan (kind handle) & sleeping bags  dustpan broke & re super low bags.  occupydenverrtrtpeople mic "we strong. remain unafraid."  occupywallstreet  libertyplaza. head sell bs stock deal world  ftwheadlinefox news suxrtrtpeople mic "we strong. remain unafraid."  occupywallstreet  libertyplaza
rtrtoccupywallstreet challenge forget chants. tell personal re...rtchants change "all day  week.. occupy wall street " dozens nypd escorting  liberty st  owschants "this democracy looks " stuck head  freaking awesome    occupyphilly  occupywallstreet  ows  sept17rtthe  nypd dispersed  2 chants "we 99% "  owsrt<333 thank yourtthe  nypd dispersed  2 chants "we 99% "  owsrtrtpolice telling ppl block pedestrian traffic  crowd chants "we pedestrian traffic "rtchants change "all day  week.. occupy wall street " dozens nypd escorting  liberty st  owsrtoccupywallstreet crowd chants cops "we re fighting pensions"  ows  tcotrtchants change "all day  week.. occupy wall street " dozens nypd escorting  liberty st  owsrtchants change "all day  week.. occupy wall street " dozens nypd escorting  liberty st  owsrtword   occupywallstreet greets fox host w/ chants ‘fox news lies’   newscorp  occupyboston  ows mtrtrallied hundreds bronx parents w/freq bursts chants & cheers.rtrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsrt<333 thank yourtthe  nypd dispersed  2 chants "we 99% "  owsrtrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsif  ows  occupywallstreet  holiday shopping  independent merchants.rtows  oct15 rtrtpolice telling ppl block pedestrian traffic  crowd chants "we pedestrian traffic "occupywallstreet please shout loud chants. "no corporate lobbyistrtrtpolice telling ppl block pedestrian traffic  crowd chants "we pedestrian traffic "rtrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsdamn  homesick rtpolice telling ppl block pedestrian traffic  crowd chants "we pedestrian traffic "  iloveny
rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtthey started protest faced wth resistance  gov 4 1st 2 days result iedn injuries & 2 deaths frm sides.rti filling brookfield security crew "they announced cleaning cancelled." stone faced  occupywallstreetrtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.in future millions claim occupy wall street  marches & faced cops. nypd spell radicalize??you statement claiming faced repression occupy movement has. responded to.or genocide indigenous resisters faced? really? faced occupy movement has? real.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.faced imminent shut & unforeseen consequences.  nyc mayor  bloomberg allow 4 reason 2 prevail.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.i filling brookfield security crew "they announced cleaning cancelled." stone faced.  occupywallstreet
rtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorkeep eye ny. offer  ll head nyc organize gstrike own hands.  laborbeardftwto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtimo definitely do. wavy hands.   > operation  wallstcleanuprtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdori lot respect nypd (). flew nyc 9/11/02 shake hands. realize re thugs w/badges.  owsrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdor
rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.fascinating. rta casting director police lineupsthinks pot head  agitator  nuisance incapable finishing sentence. fascinating.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtthe brains bilingual babies  fascinating piece nytrta fascinating real world experiment upper class indians try living 100 rupees dayrtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtfascinating. ows  o15 jamie dimon analysts suggestions wall street improve image rtrtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtfascinating. ows  o15 jamie dimon analysts suggestions wall street improve image rtrtrtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. ...rtfascinating nytimes piece refugee farming usa  wish chinese exiles grow greens england...fascinating psych study reveals obvious costs envy exhausts spirit.a read. rtfascinating. rta casting director police lineupsfascinating piece byon thebroke stories year.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.
rtmore  nypd targeting photographers   owsrt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetthat image avi.  york photographers dream town.rt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrtmillionaires march occupy wall street police cracking photographers  currently readingrtrtmore  nypd targeting photographers   owsnypd attacking photographers?guerrilla surveillance w/ video   ows rtnypd cracking photographers @  occupywallstrt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrtadding hi res images protests times square ourphotographers live blog  checkrtows photographers help id photograph police officers mvmt public servants arert2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrt2 photographers arrested nypd taking photos nypd. agency photographer.  occupywallstreetrtmore  nypd targeting photographers   owsmillionaires march occupy wall street police cracking photographers  currently reading
rtsmall biz blowin thx to. wall street them. biz benefiting  ows?rtsmall biz blowin thx to. wall street them. biz benefiting  ows?chocolate cut stroke risk study; benefit dark chocolate ... research suggests ea...rttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  picrtok  maybe late amazed hyperbole nypd seriously. re mistakes   ows benefits. $ involvedrtracist fascism tape global slut lisa fithian  organizer  occupywallst  addresses activists chicagorttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  picrttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  picrtwethepeople reclaim  occupyearth.  99percent. profit humanity.  globalchange  15oct  takewallstreet  owsfit locals  traveling  european destinations  amsterdampresident clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...rtprofit fair share money. greed else money   evil  criminals  ows  usdor  gop  tcotrtrtwe getting registered profit charity november bu… (cont)president clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...rtoccupywellington  occupynewzealand  occupywallstreet   message banks bail outs  profitsrt* privatizing profit socializing loss  occupywallstreet  occupyeverywherechina revolution fitnessdoes mean dark chocolate & sea salt cookies health benefits? woot      fbrtchina revolution fitnesssixth annual sisters runway fashion tenjune benefit safe ... "we social...rttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  pic
rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rt“police threw punches.we threw peace signs.they rammed.we drummed.they fought.we won.  ows   ourwallstreetrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99police threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99
should 8 hours day people  exclude poorer people venues 16 hrs day? fix this.rtare elected reps 99% 1%?  ows  99percent  occupyla  occupyriverside  occupywallst  occupyamerica  occupygloballyrtwill protest tonight yelling "u stinking 1%ers"  ows  99percent  occupyla  occupyriverside  occupywallst  occupyamerica  occupygloballyrtaccused killer  caught video act  plea deal; da feared ticket fixing s..bloomberg betting cold winter drive  ows protesters out. pr fix bad tactics owswife  dsk $$ influence french gov t.but  karma fixing wrong dsk speakrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtows rtmastercard  visa accused  price fixing  atm fees  according lawsuitrtlet fixin stuff   “twitter peeps wantto know?  ows”rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstyou idiots economy fixed distortedrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstto fix deficit  wars  defund military  tax rich. qs how2 fix america?  occupywallstreetcan worse bb? blackberry outage cripples users  rim fix email  messagefull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallsthow fix california democracy crisisfix california’s democracy crisis direct democracy california meant bring ...its collapsed don  fix time  ows  takewallstreetrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtoccupywallstreet economic hardship & bring greedy bankers book.they system fixed   capitalism
rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsit increasingly people netflix exactly re doing.   netflix  qwiksterrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsnypd generating terrible pr nyc increasing support  ows. heavy handed response  selective law enforcement idiotic.rtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsairlines increasingly reward pax pay fares  fly   ny times   airline  inrtfreelancers york increasingly difficult situations collect paychecks timertpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtcorruption democratic processes created indentured educated class+ever increasing debt bubble.  usdor  owsrtpoll 72% yorkers favor increasing taxes $1m   owsrtnypd generating terrible pr nyc increasing support  ows. heavy handed response  selective law enforcement idiotic.there increasing demands park policethere increasing demands park police wake  lean signs fences  etc. dissension ranks.there increasing demands park police wake  lean signs fences  etc. dissension ranks.  occupydcrtcorruption democratic processes created indentured educated class+ever increasing debt bubble.  usdor  ows
rtwatch grow. nytimes buoyed wall st. protests  rallies sweep globerti suggest sweeper teams times... kinda disneyland.  cc  occupyla  occupywallsteetrtbuoyed wall st. protests  rallies sweep globe   occupy  ows  inspiring  solidarityrtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened   sanfransiscorti suggest sweeper teams times... kinda disneyland.  cc  occupyla  occupywallsteetoct15 global day action sweeps world  ows  o15  occupywallstreet  occupywallstcleaning? sounds boston sweeping.rtbuoyed wall st. protests  rallies sweep globe   occupy  owsrtnew york times buoyed wall st. protests  rallies sweep globe  ignition moment here?sweeping scrubbing continues  despite discernable grime. 2:30 am  occupywallstreetmonaeltahawy buoyed wall st. protests  rallies sweep globe   occupy  ows  .poland 19 arrested sweep tied inquiry norway attacksnytimes buoyed wall st. protests  rallies sweep globe. people getting fed up....and amsterdam. sweep crews day long. wonderful little city  peace  owsrtnew york times buoyed wall st. protests  rallies sweep globe  ignition moment here?rtnypd closing washington square force   barriers up; cruisers sweeping lights; announcing ppl leavertnew york times buoyed wall st. protests  rallies sweep globe  ignition moment here?rtows update  2 protesters  ramping  cleanup. afternoon sweeping  scrubbing  hauling.rtoccupysf  needsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently
sweet  rtcop duty trinity  partner "here are. occupying wall street."  occupywallstreetrteven sweets cold... willing bring hot chocolate? pretty please?  needsoftheoccupiersrtsweet video proposing girlfriend "human microphone"   occupywallstreet  nycrtsweet  ben & jerry occupy wall street    ows  occupywallstreet  99percent  usdorif support  occupywallstreet  occupyla &  movements  download wicked sweet wallpaper    pleaserteven sweets cold... willing bring hot chocolate? pretty please?  needsoftheoccupiersrteven sweets cold... willing bring hot chocolate? pretty please?  needsoftheoccupierssweet nfl crotch shot  nowrtlying sleep beautiful october night atlibertysquare. sweet dreams   wallstreet :)rteven sweets cold... willing bring hot chocolate? pretty please?  needsoftheoccupiersrteven sweets cold... willing bring hot chocolate? pretty please?  needsoftheoccupiers"sweet freedom" "sweat freedom" rif raf  degenerates  uneducated nit witsrt video bystander  occupybos"i walkedthru   occupywallstreet. love sweet tolerant crowd" peace ?rteven sweets cold... willing bring hot chocolate? pretty please?  needsoftheoccupiersrtthe media ignoring  bet sweet bippy powers meetings   ourwallstreet  ourhousertrep steve king (r ny) afraid people government  people.   ows  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  tcotum  yep  mtyou bet sweet bippy powers meetings   ourwallstreet  ourhousertlying sleep beautiful october night atlibertysquare. sweet dreams   wallstreet :)rt "sweet sweet freedom" arrested times square protest released  owsnews  nylmaoooh ?? rti wanna learn hot wire car
"u.s. increases pressure iran  holds sanctionscross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...afghanistan increase poppy cultivation   york timesu.s. increases pressure  iran  holds sanctionsrtcampaign contribution limits increased – left news   usdor individuals versus corporationsin seeking rate increases york  health insurers fight secrets nina bernstein major health ins...u.s. increases pressure iran  holds sanctionsdue serial rapist park slope  nypd presence increased area.   complaining shady tactics nypd.newsvine nypd admits planting drugs innocent people increase arrests | death taxes protect ser...news  nypd advising residents  arverne secure property/home effectively due increase break ins. spread word.house minority leader nancy pelosi wealth grows 62% $35.2m  boehner  reid worth increases  viaa dark mood surrounds corporate jet makers driven sharply increased foreign sales  particularly asia  bra...ows act 2  nypd &  nyc plan increase  ocupywallstreet population exponentially morning. thank cooperationcross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...detects surges  increases short time. ows  split  ows  occupy  occupywallst  etc.rti read  nypd increased overtime. pictures 6+ officers guarding stupid bull statue  owsu.s. increases pressure iran  holds sanctionsdtn usa cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pa...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...
how  occupywallst  winning. daily beast "ways ows avoid co optation"   excellent   thewholeworldiswatchingrti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.russellsimmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation city   usdorrtrussell simmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation citytaphandles keeping production china  shifting bulky items avoid expensive transportrtrussell simmons () offers 2 pay 4 cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid ...rtif ve diagnosed w/ wanderlust  avoid reading "lost paris." to. clickvideo caught iphone nypd cops fight girls subway trying arrest jumping gate avoid farerticymi occupy wall street avoid cooptation   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrticymi occupy wall street avoid cooptation   ows  occupywallst  occupyseattleoccupywallstreet cleanup russell simmons offers pay avoid violence  huff postrtrussell simmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation cityrtrussell simmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation citylook bright bank fees avoided.rti am hearing potential showdown  occupywallstreet tmw.  am offering pay clean park avoid problems.rtrussell simmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation citymy  occupywallst moment  fucking life avoid  dont money cvs  walmart treats customers betterrtrussell simmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation cityrtthe union jobs.  mexicans. blacks? wall st avoid getting blamed.  ows  usdorrtrussell simmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation cityrtrussell simmons () offers pay cleanup  occupywallstreet  help avoid confrontation city
israeli cabinet outline social change   york times ha aretzisraeli cabinet outline soci...rtshort  occupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrt¡apoya  15o  occupywallst  ows demanda una democracia real  firma manda tu mensaje de apoyorteducation officials travel paid vendor’s foundation  $$ influence  rtttandabc news cia activity nypd questionedwhen own greed piece specially printed paper   money garbage; value lifethe mainstream media politicians completely disconnected  occupywallstreetrevolution art pursue continual positive social change  goal expect achieve  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallstreet commericial. spread around. retweet  ows  occupyamerica  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetoccupywallst marxist  commies  socialist/globalist loads  usefulidiotsoccupiers’ siren songrtnypd cop taped racial slur black stop frisk | civil liberties | alternet    tcotap cia doing nypd? depends whom ask. makes obama bush. controls cia directlyrtif lie elected  politicians 2 jail  elected politicians lie you..they  re elected  vote     usdor  owsrtwhat impresses media coverage  occupywallstreet inattentive sleeping factor social media ignition moment.recession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydenver medics  especially trained. currently extremely team & re exhaustedgoing kym hampton featuring special ... birdland thu  oct 13rtwhat fascism looks financial giants nyc cops payroll     ows  occupywallstreet  opesr  usdor  usuncutrtthe politicians feel pain caused innocent people libya. nypd 180 to1. bloodbath soonisraeli cabinet outline social change  ~ money   aint solved re solved   aw   knot moneyrtfinancial times editorial supports  occupywallstreet; "cry change heeded" ( )
rtclick sign       > emergency don bloomberg shut  occupywallstreet   occupy  owstake implement change seek? complete disassembly reassembly global socio political world.america vicious fascist empire legions steal resources  destroy ecosystems  maintain inequity & consumption  occupywallstreetrtoccupysf sfpd officer  4196 knocked protester unconscious  ows  occupywallstreetrtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free 2  libertysquare  collectiveconsciousnessinactionrtdanny glover appears atwe 24/7 warriors    usdor  usdorin  indiana  occupy  ows  collective  consciousrtwe  occupyearth waking myth socioeconomic mobility.  globalchange  15oreasons  oct15  takewallstreet  99percent  owsafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  occupydc  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetafl cio president richard trumka  occupywallstreet & mayor  bloomberg   ows  libertyplaza  stopthemach2011  usdorafl cio president richard trumka  occupywallstreet & mayor  bloomberg   ows  libertyplaza  october2011  usdorrtnew york  ny. "racist nypd cop ruined life major league dream" recites false arrest  viaafl cio rally mineola tomm attack collective bargainingrtoccupysf sfpd officer  4196 knocked protester unconscious  ows  occupywallstreetcardenales de san luis por la liga nacional la serie mundial.as conservative viciously vilifies   occupywallstreet 99% waking w/ youth leading way.  onlythebeginningrtbronx police hold subway gates enter train free 2  libertysquare  collectiveconsciousnessinactionrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtrtarrested protesters loaded nypd paddy wagon.  carrying guy fawkes mask  yells "viva la revolucion."  owsrtarrested protesters loaded nypd paddy wagon.  carrying guy fawkes mask  yells "viva la revolucion."  owsrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreet
rtows protesters stay zuccotti park indefinitely bloomberg    |bloomy lame duck telling ny suck uprtbloomberg  occupywallst activists camp zuccotti park indefinitely weather drive anywayrtbloomberg occupy wall street stay indefinitely   wsj   ows  takewallstreetrtno eviction  occupywallstreet protesters. bloomberg protesters stay indefinitelyrtrtmayor bloomberg stay indefinitely  win   owsrtows protesters stay zuccotti park indefinitely bloomberg    |bloomy lame duck telling ny suck uprtows proposal postpone presidential elections till hv worthwhile candidate   like....indefinitely:p  sept17i reid  stay indefinitely. didn happy deadline.ows  occupywallstreet protesters stay zuccotti park indefinitely  mayor bloombergrtrtoccupy wall street protesters stay zuccotti park indefinitely  mayor ..   twcotrtbloomberg  occupywallst activists camp zuccotti park indefinitely weather drive anywayrtbloomberg  occupywallst activists camp zuccotti park indefinitely weather drive anywayrtbloomberg  occupywallst activists camp zuccotti park indefinitely weather drive anywayrtyes  =) rtoccupywallstreet allowed stay indefinitely   winningrtbloomberg  occupywallst activists camp zuccotti park indefinitely weather drive anywayrtrtbloomberg stay indefinitely  win   owsrtyes  =) rtoccupywallstreet allowed stay indefinitely   winningyes  =) rtoccupywallstreet allowed stay indefinitely   winningrtoccupywallstreet allowed stay indefinitely   winningrtoccupy london camp  re indefinitely    video  viartexpress yourselves   mayor bloomberg  occupywallstreet protesters stay indefinitely
rtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiers incomingrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtwant 2 feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheappizzajoint. ordernow   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrt"peopleskitchen & running  washingtonsquarepark  dozens pizzas stacked here.  ows  o15  endthefed  foxrtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtanother march  led drums  entering  washingtonsquarepark join 100s here. applause   ows  15ortalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  ows
violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...news violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke lat...   nytimes[nyt middle east] violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third dayrtviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third dayviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...nyt news   violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke ou...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke o...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...world briefing | middle east violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day   news |  healtheworldviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third dayrtrtviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third dayviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke o...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...[nyt middle east] violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third daynytimes violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third dayviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day
rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened   sanfransiscortneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf dpw here. moving help now. cops action.rtin ‘one pig ’ matthew herbert music piggriff jenkins @  occupywallstreetrtmy blog post explaining support  occupywallstreet   owsrtoccupysf  needsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminentlyneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminentlyneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rtneedsoftheoccupiers cars/transport asap 10 15m. dpw sweep threatened imminently  rt
rtrt"thank calling city boston. currently experience call volumn due  occupyboston" (617) 635.4500iphone 4s conceals sheer magic   poguertrt"thank calling city boston. currently experience call volumn due  occupyboston" (617) 635.4500let devil due.  occupywallstreetrtthe governor north carolina stands youtime change status quooccupysf medics  occupier cardiac arrest due police brutality. live  n0.gd/pb91si  ows  occupywallstreetoccupysf medics  occupier cardiac arrest due police brutality. live  n0.gd/pb91si  ows  occupywallstoccupysf medics  occupier cardiac arrest due police brutality. live  n0.gd/pb91si  ows  occupywallstreetoccupysf medics  occupier cardiac arrest due police brutality. live  n0.gd/pb91si  owsuh  due credit toandand principals. started 2011 end.tracing impact deng xiaoping beyond tiananmen square harvard scholar ezra f. vogel written major ...rtoccupysf medics  occupier cardiac arrest due police brutality. live  n0.gd/pb91si  ows  occupywallstreetlivestream web site blocked turkey due government excuses.  occupywallstreetrtdue violent police action  occupy boston desperate medical supplies tents. solidarity.rtthe governor north carolina stands youtime change status quothe bronx aka bx  rtservadv downtown  4 via express b/t burnside ave & 167th st due nypd investigation 170th stdue serial rapist park slope  nypd presence increased area.   complaining shady tactics nypd.news  nypd advising residents  arverne secure property/home effectively due increase break ins. spread word.rtrt"thank calling city boston. currently experience call volumn due  occupyboston" (617) 635.4500first pardon arrested tonight. deeds  words.rtrtvideo clip yesterday zucotti park. " occupywallstreet beginning change overdue."   ows
nypd admits planting drugs  via"get scum bags streets". nypd admits planting drugs  viartformer detectives admit planting drugs innocent meet arrest quotas  failed "war drugs"“oct 13   nypd officer admits planting drugs innocent people meet arrest quotas    =(rt"“nypd officer admits planting drugs innocent people    =(" sprinkle crack him... =(nypd cop admits planting drugs innocent people meet quota.did hear nypd planting evidence?rtoct 13   nypd officer admits planting drugs innocent people meet arrest quotasnewsvine nypd admits planting drugs innocent people increase arrests | death taxes protect ser...this fucked surprising  ... cops planting evidence innocent people meet quotasrtnypd admits planting drugs practice widespread.   cheatsheetoccupywallstreet remember remember  guy fawkes blow democratic institution  supplanting catholic monarch. fyicop s. anderson admits widespread nypd  flaking   planting drugs innocent people reach quotas  vianypd cop admits planting evidence meet quotartnypd admits planting drugs innocent people meet quotas. protecting?   owsrtoct 13   nypd officer admits planting drugs innocent people meet arrest quotasrtoct 13   nypd officer admits planting drugs innocent people meet arrest quotasrtoct 13   nypd officer admits planting drugs innocent people meet arrest quotas"truly appalling nypd scandal exposes cops planting drugsrttruly appalling nypd scandal exposes cops planting drugshey  occupywallstreet  thanks distractingfrom usual chores planting drugs innocents.
rtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsnypd ll stop blaming skirts multiple women reported officers critiquing dressed  telling ...a campaign windfall 4 republicans voted sex marriagertbishop indicted; charge failing report abuse   ag sulzberger & goodstein   nytimes   richarddawkins net"european report criticizes turkey; serbia candidate bloc  european uni...   serbia""we tweeting west papua  desperately attention. please followand"rtgratitudevenezuelan president criticizes repression ofprotests.  ows  occupywallstoccupywallst history repeating polyester via    ...rtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtspeakers  occupywallst allowed microphones. democratic. republican. authoritarian regime stuff.purrsrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtleaked letter goldman sachs   ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtrepublicans continue squander taxpayer money blame obama  viaows   ourwallstreetdemocrats weprin outspent turner replace weiner thomas kaplan democrats poured $1.5 million thei...a campaign windfall 4 republicans voted sex marriage thomas kaplan albany — le...rtfound facebook   occupywallstreet student 99%.how effective online learning? inflating software report card via nytimes   learningrtnew  citizenradio reporters funded ‘vulture capitalist’ smear  occupywallstreet  karl rove vs. koch brothers   owsrtinfectious salmon anemia reported wild pacific fish
rtstock market goes up. stock market goes down.  feedingtherevolution. thank   needsoftheoccupiers   owsrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationscuomo despite sagging economy  ll boost school  health spending ...rtjust tried followafter reading op eds supporting  occupywallstreet  acct suspendeddwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...rtsign help reach 100 000 supporters standing  occupywallst protestors country   owsrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viaheading downtown support     occupydenver holla ya  ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtrt.are hiding phone booth now? re front lines tonight.i sent directions   home  don buy products  services   attention; simple understanding mutual respectautofollow york timesbad blood perry romney longstandingnew york timeswashingto...   ffrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction please rt.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetthank usmc sergeant shamar thomas defending rights safety protesters confronting nypd.  occupytogether  owsrtvideo attending supporting  occupywallstreet movement past friday.   owsrtding ding ding. mtspoke fed agent wk  dhs planning word  anarchist  pr term occupationsrtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtows  usdorthis txt  occupyseattle  cops surrounding... ppl witness help 10rtrtows holding night vigil. reportedly 1000 heading liberty support eviction  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreetrtpetition help reach 100 000 strong standing  occupywallstreet   signrti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  via
rtows movement change everything...“ows movement change everything...”   truthrtthe cost war >>  <<<  ows  occupyearth  takewallstreet  occupywallst  occupydetroit  oct15    plsrtows  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc >>>>> help  getting arrested  | android atlas   cnet reviews  viaoccupy wall st protesters plan millionaires march homes 5 nyc wealthiest /via<they ll pizza & heroine 4 ?getting arrested app android market. alerts lawyers  loved ones  etc.  needsoftheoccupiersdownload occupy  android stay date  ows /  occupywallst movementows  takewallstreet  occupywallstreet download app getting arrested androidunderwear bomber  bathroom break witness passenger aboard christmas 2009 flight detroit...rtoccupywallstst  vanjones  occupywallstnyc "we occupied 80 cities   ...and counting " "occupied." hitler europe.anonymous message  nypd anthony bologna exposed police brutality.   ows  perestroika  glasnost  occupywhitehouse  usartrtrtdetroit proof  occupywallstreet  occupydetroit  occupyaustin detroit 99%rtnypd cops don look heroic anymore. look shit   salutr sgt shamar thomas   usdorwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   ows"occupy mind  revolution begins within."  occupywallstreet  occupydetroit  occupyyourmindyankees lose fans devastated team elimination detroit ...detroit  booty lounge  stripper party bus blocked tailgating ... philip caulfield booty loun...rtcops bust heroin mill red hook garagemakesmelaugh  uknowbetter  occupywallstreet   ows  occupywallst  boston  vancouver  chicago  detroit  nyc  sanfranwow. rtcops bust heroin mill red hook garage
rtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtwant help  occupywallstreet? step 1. buy  bitcoins step 2. donate bitcoins people supplies step 3. spread word  usdor  bitcoinrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdor‘damned’ chuck palahniuk   reviewrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtbooks times ‘damned’ chuck palahniuk   reviewrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorgoddamned done. ve rted twice & trying. following orleans.  occupynola  occupywallstreetrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorsheneneagains     lost friends "dream"  love "dream"  damned nightmarertto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdorrtto occupations u.s. up.  damned don fashioned american revolution hands.  ows  usdor
rtthe footnote dead. live footnotenba lockout negotiations pick gilbert arenas contract spurred ... mitch lawrence gilbert arenas t...rtnba lockout negotiations pick gilbert arenas contract spurred ...rtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers people  occupydenver help occupancy clean pick trash bags.rtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrti ows unites people worldwide humanity common  creditrtunreal. |  nypd white shirt ko female protester 2day   occupywallstreetrtpicking paycks? mtrtnoticable    nypd plainclothes/taru entering/exiting id liberty plaza  owsrtone law  love  world. solidarity  brothers  owsrtmtprotests equal riots equal terrorism. terrorism polic...rtdinner w. garden salsa sun chips shizzle.  occupywallstreetrtrti involved. info.com ccrtmorningrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsoh figured  pick choose news fox...lmaonone ours todaysuspect cleared police brooklyn subway groping manhattan bartender picked nypd s...cuomo names pick run port authority gov. cuomo choice run port authority pat foye  forme...ogilvy criticizes couples woods pick
breitbart? asshole using breitbart credible info/intel? ahahahahahahahahahaha clueless nitwit"this obviously type behavior expect people stores." oh  walmart?rtcan occupys link live channel nyc rt?   occupywallstreetrtvideo nyc parents & teachersvs bloomberg people & children heart?when mass cleaning effort?  zuccottiwhere people go? hotel motel support?i protecting  :) report? rtoccupywallstreet  nypd   ows"what [anybody] permanently deprive person body part?"  chapin  circumcisionwas crowd moving result. true. hurt? report? cops walking?you pay   $75 000 nice yurt?liz? me.   slandered andrea stalked. she/you   butthurt?  rothboys  edlsavelennox  endbsl lies court? disgraceful   wlfrtfamily wv dire straits  help via united way.  wiunion love & rt? see&  rothboysrtwould german speaking mixed media designers job games  based frankfurt?rtdoing wee poll scottish independence fancy giving wee rt?do check tags rt? animal tag  tag  rothboysdumb  edl  uaf  clowncould rt? check page   infojamrtimportantendorses tag change  occupywallstreet shorter  ows   p2 (rt?)why free shirt? hmmmm  capitalism makes jobs. tooccupywallstreetrtnp chance rt? lose home kidshas trying help.  solidarity“making tshirts. ... ” "beef fairness" pic ows shirt?
rtbishop indicted; charge failing report abuse   ag sulzberger & goodstein   nytimes   richarddawkins netnypd accused bogus drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotasrtformer nypd cop fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas.rtbrothers opt trial facing charges tortured child molesterrtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifiesows tony baloney charged assault   occupywallstreet  nypdrtformer nypd detective fabricated drug charges meet arrest quotasrtdude"we fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former detective testifies"rtrex ryan chargers won couple super bowls hired 2007   nflwho currently charge egypt?  ows  obama2012  tcot  teaparty  gop2012  p2  p21  usdorshould people allowed gun charge betray revolution?  ows  usdor  obama2012  gop2012  tcotwho currently charge egypt? believe military rule?  ows  usdor  tcot  obama2012  gop2012  tcot  teaparty  p2  p21rtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas  former  nypd detective testifieswhy didn cops cavalry charge teabaggers? cuz kochs didn    ows  occupynypd fake drug charges arrest quotas     aware cops.rtrtnypd officer arrested civil rights charges “i fried anotha n*gger”    muthasuka friedlosing 10 vacation days hardly punishment  nypd anthony bologna  charge assault   owsrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotasnissan develops 10 minute electric car chargerharry potter  star jamie waylett charged homemade bomb london riotsrtnypd  > rtwe fabricated drug charges innocent people meet arrest quotas.


rtdoes provoked raid medical tent?  occupywallstreetrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross ...rtrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 (cont)rtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtraid medical tent planned ahead happened (& failed)  watched suit nypd instructing officer 6:30  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydenver medics  especially trained. currently extremely team & re exhaustedrtrtnypd trying bust medical tent  butis  winning  owsrtrtjesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent.  owsrtjc clothes  towels  sleeping bags  medical supplies occupiers     needsoftheoccupiers  wearethe99rtrtjesse jackson arrived  police attempting 2 medical tent.  owsrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtjesse jackson locked arms protesters trying protect medic tent  ows nycrtfrom army medic friend iraq "you tell hippiesto bring home " grew vt dairy farm gone  owsrtnypd trying bust medical tent  butis  winning  owsrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidwrong jane. questionable procedures...lack options symptom  disease. medicare isn failing. are.rtthe nypd tried raid med tent & shut  jesse jackson & locked hands medics&rtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross him.  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupydenver medics  especially trained. currently extremely team & re exhaustedrtjesse jackson occupies ows medical tent  saves evicted nypd
71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrtrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  ows     timessquare  occupywallstreetrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrtrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  ows"71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  ows  tracking tally prisoners.  insurgentsrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owslololol   mthuh expected 10k layoffs wall st jobssez  ows killingrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  owsrttsports times jets gaining ground giants battle city  // giants play njrtsports times jets gaining ground giants battle city  // giants play njrtrt71 arrests times square protests sez daily news  ows     timessquare  occupywallstreet
how send you?rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetstand  occupywallst demand real democracy  send message support  ows  please sign nooowchild workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...child workout guru cj senter encourages classmates  kids country ...  strength training c...i sent directions   home  don buy products  services   attention; simple understanding mutual respectoccupy wall street senior nypd officers investigation  viaoccupywallstreetrtstand  occupywallst demand real democracy  send message support  owsrtwatching globalrevolution  live stream  check  viaows   ourwallstreet   ctsen   ctpoliticsrthow change system americans  top 1 percent? 2) cap credit card rates.  ows  occupywallstreetrtyes  rtpolice twitter send&msgs peaceful   occupywallstreet  occupyboston  15ortupdate via  occupykst ga 20k presently  libertyplaza  40k  washingtonsquare. plz rtrtrtupdate  occupykst ga 20k presently  libertyplaza  40k  washingtonsquare. plz  cdnpoli  occupycanadawanted video nypd officer denying citizen 1st amendment. sendrtwe arrest photos news todays march asap. email ajkrosen.com .  occupychi  occupychicago  occupywallstreetrttellto vote aja  stand america. stand jobs. usa   p2  p21  ows  demsein mittagspausenhinweis auf  occupywallstreet aus sicht eines yorkers.rtwhat impresses media coverage  occupywallstreet inattentive sleeping factor social media ignition moment.stand  occupywallst demand real democracy  send message support  owsfoxnewspoll plz vote  occupy wall street  protests represent views economy?rtwe re sending winter survival guides supplies liberty square.  needsoftheoccupiers  ows
"former federal lawyer calls investigation nypd muslim spy programsrtrti guess  syria allowed spy u.s. based government protesters   bahrain is?surveillance nypd spying muslim college studentsrtus cia officer holds mystery job nypd  despite cia prohibited spying domestically     breaking news buzzrti support  occupywallstreet  furthermore  tactical genius official demands = forced public debate.nypd spying  muslim  university students inside  nyc  sending undercover agents campuses.rtnew york  ny. "racist nypd cop ruined life major league dream" recites false arrest  viasurveillance nypd spying muslim college studentsrtrss nypd spying muslim college students [surveillance]rtcair nypd spying muslim students...former federal lawyer calls investigation nypd muslim spy programsnew petition  amendment regarding corportations. voice  nationformer federal lawyer calls investigation nypd muslim spy programs former homeland security depa...   newsrtat justice department civil rights conference  call investigate nypd spy ...  contact congressrtthe nypd spying muslim college studentshahahaha. nypd suck asian/white nuts lolmetro   report nypd spying muslim studentsrtus  nypd spying  muslim  university students inside  nyc  sending undercover agents campuses.rtthe nypd spying muslim college students  => watwall street nypd cooperate super spy centerrtus cia officer holds mystery job nypd  despite cia prohibited spying domestically
rtrtrtrtoccupywallstreet makes abc news ticker times sq.protesters document nypd horses ramming times sq. video viral update video  share rtrtorganizers protesters filled entire 40th 48th. estimate 60 000  occupywallstreet protesters times sq. tonight  ows““6k marching washington sq  headed times sq. meet   ows  15oct  usdor””live tweeting washington sq. ga filling fountain  marchers arriving cheers.  oct15occupywallstreet makes abc news ticker times sq.   |protesters document nypd horses ramming times sq. video viral update videoprotesters document nypd horses ramming times sq. video viral update video  modern day usa : (protesters document nypd horses ramming times sq. update video  bloomberg & nypd doing corporate masters  biddingrt6k marching washington sq  headed times sq. meet   ows  15oct  usdorthink  occupywallstreet change world? tahrir sq. read inrtlooking down.  occupywallstreet comes times sq.  owl  nyc   @ marriott hotel/atrium lounge/8th flooroccupy  crowd times sq. peaceful  chanting  democracy looks   live.rtproud marchers leave washington sq  headed times sq. meet   ows  15oct  usdoroccupy wall street benefit concert tonight @ judson church 55 wash. sq. south 7pm mid. ten acts. donations acceptedrtrtpolice arresting rowdy protesters times sq.   breakingrtthere lots people washington sq. park  occupywallstreet  generalassemblymtjudith butler  washingtonsquare sunday 6pm  occupywashsq...rt6k march washington sq  headed times sq. meet   ows  15oct  usdorrtoccupywallstreet  occupytimessquare  ows  rt"nypd confirms 71 protesters arrested times sq."rt6k march washington sq  headed times sq. meet   ows  15oct  usdor
monkey freed suicidal zookeeper terry thompson eaten ...   york daily news monkey freed...rtformer ny jets wr al toon concussions havent kept son nick ... nick toon  4  remembe...rt"in party system steal economic freedom personal freedom  beware"   ows  occupywallstreetgo  fashion fast  season; don buy clothes  accessorize ... sunglasses chic...  pleasenypd 1% haven realised yetrtnypd 1%  losing pensions & union power  co opted  owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtoccupywallstreet song "the rich blues"  /vía15m  15o  15osvq  15oya  |  15oct  15oreadysonic youthin lee ranaldo kävi kuvaamassa wall streetin valtausta  ows  occupywallstreet  occupywallstrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtif  reasons15o streets  15oct  forabetterworldthe moment  reasons15ortjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross ....not coverage  ows occupy wall street anymore paper. reason not?breaking news  ows  occupywallstwarren buffett son defends owsrtrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 (cont)rtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrteducation officials travel paid vendor’s foundation  $$ influence  rtttand
rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrttonight  occupynh manchpd arrested 5 & issued 14 summons livestreamed vids   ows  occupywallst  voluntaryists  tlotrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsanswering summons disrobing  disrobing courtrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owstonight  occupynh manchpd arrested 5 & issued 14 summons livestreamed vids   ows  occupywallst  voluntaryists  tlot
rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camprtrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camprtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtthe world watching  rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrt"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtthe world watching  rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrt"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"rtrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtthe world watching  rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsabt 80 swat/riot cops marching 2 expansion camp  ows 3 million visitors   uprtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsthe world watching  rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrt"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"
rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..; government apathy.rtin additionand; journalists nation cover  occupy fairly accurately. retweet pleasertlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtgave growth economist; re    occupy  occupywallstreet fromrtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtin additionand; journalists nation cover  occupy fairly accurately. retweet pleasertlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..protestors york times square  occupywallst; according toher hubbyisrtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rt175 arrested  occupychicago protest; arrests protests denver  phoenix north carolina  occupywallstservadvupdate uptown  resumes regular service thru pacific st; signal trouble cleared

rtif philly friends tentand friends one. keeping informed weeks  occupyphillyrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtchaplains informed occupiers backpacks duffle bags. bring  needsoftheoccupiersrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrttweet    occupyorlando informational  psa please  share stay  informed  orlando  occupy  owstweet    occupyorlando informational  psa please  share stay  informed  orlando  occupy  owsrtstay informed  & spread word.  occupywallstreetrtchaplains informed occupiers backpacks duffle bags. bring  needsoftheoccupiersrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsget informed. rtin dark  occupywallstreet? broken 2 mins ?rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrttweet    occupyorlando informational  psa please  share stay  informed  orlando  occupy  owsrtchaplains informed occupiers backpacks duffle bags. bring  needsoftheoccupiersrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsjefferson democracy informed educated electorate  usdor  tcotrtchaplains informed occupiers backpacks duffle bags. bring  needsoftheoccupiersgood luck   informed can.  don forget hash tag  needsoftheoccupiers  people help can.rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtchaplains informed occupiers backpacks duffle bags. bring  needsoftheoccupiersrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  ows
rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtwall st doesn care ideology.  leading $ source 2012 presidential election romney    usdorrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrttransparent gov t. reformation modern age. politicians priests selling favors. wage wars empire bastardized ideology.  usdorrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstthe fail ideology continues mta $113mil federal tax payer buses   ocra  tcotrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtwall st doesn care ideology.  leading $ source 2012 presidential election romney    usdorrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrttransparent gov t. reformation modern age. politicians priests selling favors. wage wars empire bastardized ideology.  usdorrtwall st doesn care ideology.  leading $ source 2012 presidential election romney    usdorrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallsthow lame attack occupy wall st. poverty conservative ideology | occupy..yes  > "austerity political ideology masquerading economic policy"rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtwall st doesn care ideology.  leading $ source 2012 presidential election romney    usdorrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallst
women flock free self defense class gropings continue brooklyn   york daily news york daily ne...rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtif philly friends tentand friends one. keeping informed weeks  occupyphillyflorida hotel worker fired refusing american flag lapel pin    unbelievable wtfrthotel worker fired refusing remove american flag pinrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidjlagreca media  re getting screwed re helping   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtpelosi lashes cantor defends protesters  reader supported news  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreetrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrti denounces attempt evict  occupywallstreet. support assemblertwhat impresses media coverage  occupywallstreet inattentive sleeping factor social media ignition moment.rtconnecttheleft  occupywallstreet  usdor james  keefe reportedly creeping occupy wall streetcnn smock talk rocks coherency nemesis neutralizer satanic mediator orwellian charlatan kingpin transpar...www.cnnsmock.comrtneedsoftheoccupiers dustpan (kind handle) & sleeping bags  dustpan broke & re super low bags.  occupydenverrtoccupydenver tents  sleeping bags  blankets  socks  food donations.   needsoftheoccupiers.in pink parade strides walk draws thousands breast cancer ...rtthe politicians feel pain caused innocent people libya. nypd 180 to1. bloodbath soonlatest groping incident related pattern nypdlatest groping incident pattern nypdcan investigate pple slander? racist. pro law.forgive  libel investigate for.

europe delays meeting debt crisis actions   york times thestreet.comeurope delays meeting debt crisis...bids emi fall short   york times moneybids emi fall shortnew york timesbids...wow  watched video 125th street melee nypd crazy ass girls... hits cop bag? idiotswow dirty ass cops........ new?  ?rtmy  occupywallstreet photos...rt12 absurd laws stifle occupy wall st. movement country | occupy wall s..rtnaomi wolf "egging protestors..." nypd brag adrenalin rush fr abusing protestorsjpmc isn "donating" nypd  bank america  barclays capital  goldman sachs... did.rtows  usdor  usdayofrage  occupytogether  99percent  top income u.s. is...gasp ...wash. d.c.   ty drudgecivil disobedience stop nypd “stop frisk” omar wilks union pentecostal church brooklyn; profes...rti suggest sweeper teams times... kinda disneyland.  cc  occupyla  occupywallsteetnypd costs rise wall street protests continue cost constant police surveillance growing wall s...rtmassive crowd here. lightning flashes rain starts.. freedom tower background.  occu...rtaccused killer  caught video act  plea deal; da feared ticket fixing s..rtarrestan una joven en nueva york por dibujar con tiza en la aceraows...qué ejemplo de libertadrtarrestan una joven en nueva york por dibujar con tiza en la aceraows...qué ejemplo de libertadah thanks...we publish final pro images...but love emyou nytimes...rtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..rtconfirmed 3 arrests  ows today. cameras  incl british photographer taking pics badge  s..looks  nypd wrongfully arrested woman related  ows protest  occupywallstreet...
news obama vows punish iran alleged plot envoy president obama push calls ...fyi  eeuu odd mansour arbabsiar  suspect iranian plotiranian plot kill saudi ambassador foiled ag eric holder federal authorities foiled plot assassinate ...man center iranian plot car salesman report dabbling assassination hire  man...iranian plot kill saudi ambassador foiled ag eric holder federal authorities foiled plot assassinate ...rubin iranian plot force change policy united implicated islamic republic...iranians accused plot kill saudis  u.s. envoy           picjajaj. idem. vs  indignados  vs  occupywallstreet international plot rim    maybe?  15osee  bahrain fake iranian terrorist plot.  forgot mexican drug cartels.   bahrainrtdalefarm rteviction described brutal. police sledge hammer wall legal plot ente… (cont)rtalert  alert    iran claims terror plot accusation diversion u.s.     twitpicnytimes unlikely suspect terror plotobama support accusation iranian plot helene cooper washington — president obama vowed thur...stop watching tv (except  oth course) start paying attention. u.s. accusations iran plot skepticismwow  blows mind  iranians plotting assassinations mexican drug cartels? what?rtu.s. accusations iran plot skepticismrtal qaeda bought & brainwashed protestor world wide  sounds credible iran assasination plotu.s. accusations iran plot skepticismu.s. accusations iran plot skepticismcrazy world (iranian plot kill saudi ambassador u.s. foiled u.s. attorney eric holder)end game plot(s) america | york daily news
rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owslol rtsorryour approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtswaaagg rtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtlolrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owslolrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owswow dude. rtjets wrs met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer systemwow dude. rtjets wrs met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer systemrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.lolsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    ows
rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtgonna lot that. mtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiersrtrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtrtrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsproof  osw imbeciles   water power washers?  tcot  pinrtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  owsrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtcan 2 powerwashers day?  needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreet  sep17  ows
rteducation officials travel paid vendor’s foundation  $$ influence  rtttandhow effective online learning? inflating software report card via nytimes   learningrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflgola nfl teams  suck luck  campaignrtrex ryan chargers won couple super bowls hired 2007   nflwarren buffett nao sabe ir sobre ganhos capital é sobre inflacao.  rtstorming capitalist castlenypd conflict regards protesters jp morgan chase?wife  dsk $$ influence french gov t.but  karma fixing wrong dsk speakrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtkoch brothers network influence   ows  october2011  usdor  antiwar  accountability  corruption  corporatistfail  p2rtcity video protester leg beneath scooter spurs conflicting accountsbritain’s self inflicted misery   words wisdom york times.rtno check vote influence there.  candidates $ coming from.  former mn rep tim penny  usdorrton tax  appropriations  subsidy & expenditure decisions influenced contributed  mel levine former ca  usdorrtbeltway economy influence. market value additional $1 lobbying roughly $200. (pdf)   usdor  occupywallstreetrtinfluence bribes contracting model campaign giving policymaking   usdorrtkoch brothers network influence   ows  october2011  usdor  antiwar  accountability  corruption  corporatistfail  p2
rtthis ugly. letter frm  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"   ows  anonymous  lieshere letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"rtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2 zucotti pretext "cleaning"   ows  anonymous  liesrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtleaked letter  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   ows
why didn cops cavalry charge teabaggers? cuz kochs didn    ows  occupysneaky teabaggers..trying serve masters...amass followers trash obama &  occupywallstreet ..i nt care flwersrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdhow  teabaggers allowed teabag protest   occupywallstreet not? oh yeah   teabaggers support 1%.in nh  surrounding guy..rtwhere police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypd
rtwe arrest photos news todays march asap. email ajkrosen.com .  occupychi  occupychicago  occupywallstreetrtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   email owsoutreachfor details    ows  occupywallstnycrtows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   email owsoutreachfor details    ows  occupywallstnycrtwe arrest photos news todays march asap. email ajkrosen.com .  occupychi  occupychicago  occupywallstreetrtwe arrest photos news todays march asap. email ajkrosen.com .  occupychi  occupychicago  occupywallstreetrtwe arrest photos news todays march asap. email ajkrosen.com .  occupychi  occupychicago  occupywallstreetrtsporadic outages blackberry messaging email service spread u.s. canada ...iphone thief queens picture emailed owner igotya app  forwarded police     viagot voicemail  left messagertwe arrest photos news todays march asap. email ajkrosen.com .  occupychi  occupychicago  occupywallstreetrtwe arrest photos news todays march asap. email ajkrosen.com .  occupychi  occupychicago  occupywallstreetshared email online brothers& sistersare battling nypdcan worse bb? blackberry outage cripples users  rim fix email  messagertows volunteer corps cleaning city parks 10 am tomorrow   email owsoutreachfor details    ows  occupywallstnycrtcitibank ceo office line (212) 793 1201  email address vikram.pandit.com.  ows  usdorthe email archive  occupywallstreet movement anarchists  socialists  unions  democrats plans‘crowdsource’ emails expose  occupywallstreet conspiracy ‘destabalize’ global markets  governmentsrtflood mayor office w/ email using online contact form request "stop eviction  occupywallstreet"   sept17what email? ll send image.rthelpeviction notice 10am tmrw  call/email melcor remind world watchingrtwe arrest photos news todays march asap. email ajkrosen.com .  occupychi  occupychicago  occupywallstreet

rtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtgovernment independence comes dependence  people .   usdor  federalist no. 52rtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsso  no. mumstaff sad.  wlfweiss boise no. 5 bcs  power move   york daily newsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtwe 99% join movement  push economy level.. (no.regrets.just.results.) nxt level  occupywallstreetweiss boise no. 5 bcs  power move   york daily newsweiss boise no. 5 bcs  power move   york daily newsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  feds””you accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtyou accident  occupywallstreet movements shutdown nearly time? no.  fedsrtmatch tried charles river charlestown.  bpd no. standoff peaceful march back
sean hannity busy trashing  occupywallstreet . doesn people parties bankers?  owa  occupyrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor"  getmoneyoutoccupyrtows beautifully  diverse. american nazi party  anp14  cpusa  communist party support  occupywallst  occupythisrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtpolitical parties  ve lost purpose bring ppl instead primarily conduit ca$h  former sen bradley  usdorrttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdorrtour political parties corrupt. gov captured. solution. bypass corrupted congress articlertboth parties allowed factions 2 financial power capture civil&military power pass laws richer&silencing dissent  usdorrtboth parties corrupt. future democratic republic horserace bottom.  denial powerful.   usdor  owsmany parties window deficit reduction panel robert pear washington — c...rttwo political parties prices $1 188 644 055   usdor««both parties corrupt. future democratic republic (cont)rtrtit looks buyingwill tougher buying political parties & western civilization   owsbut dismiss parties calling repugnantrtboth parties corrupt. future democratic republic horserace bottom.  denial powerful.   usdor  owsrtboth parties allowed factions 2 financial power capture civil&military power pass laws richer&silencing dissent  usdorrthalloween events pets costume parties  parades prizes dogs york   bknews...rtboth parties allowed factions 2 financial power capture civil&military power pass laws richer&silencing dissent  usdorblame parties. re bought.  rtrtgop tells  ows blame democrats  rich  occupywallstrtboth parties corrupt. future democratic republic horserace bottom.  denial powerful.   usdor  owsdivorce parties futile delude oneself minimizing disaster.
rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.“fact daypoll revealsmovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.occupywallstreet malicious attempt divert pplz attention frm solar gate  fast & furious  obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.wonder  occupywallstreet protesters support obama re elect? matter admin. filled wall st. execs?  usdor  owsrtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.rtfact day poll byrevealed themovment favorable tea party & obama admin.
rtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owsfuneral wall st live    occupywallstreet  occupywallst  nypd  snowflake  occupytv  occupythehood  ows  occupyphoenixwhy anti ows speech scares « americanpaki   ows  occupytogether  occupyseattle  occupyphoenix  occupydc  usdorrt????????? ????????? unix ? ????? ????????????????  ? ??? ? ???????? 70 ??? ????????? ?????? ?????  ?????????...occupy prison hundreds  protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...   arrest all...  owsrtgreat ny times article  "panic plutocrats"brooks sitting woodstock  wouldn guessed nixon win youth vote 1972.rtshoutout2rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...costumed  super hero  phoenix jones reveals true identity seattle self proclaimed crime fighter phoenix jone...national guard called help search missing missouri baby missouri gov. jay nixon deploymen...costumed  super hero  phoenix jones reveals true identity seattle self proclaimed crime fighter phoenix jone...rtoccupy  prison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...love2allrtoccupyphoenix police sgt. trent crump  dept. issued cell 602 571 3372  ows  usdor  phoenix  arizonanypd learn lesson. cops handing water protestors  occupyphoenix  owsrtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owsoccupyprison hundreds protesters arrested chicago  phoenix  raleigh  denver...  viartgood read mtaround 9/9  received credible intelnamed memos sent dhsrtshoutout2new york city  superheroes  react arrest crime fighter  dark phoenix  york (cbsnewyork) – york ...
rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..rtlet clean park & wall st; inviteto join approach barricades brooms..doing interviews  occupywallstreet. aside voices strum guitar  hear swishing brooms.is brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.
rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "march progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "  occupyquebecrtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks ""march progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks ""rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this de ...rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "rtrtmarch progressing towards nyc mayor bloombergs house    shouting "this democracy looks "
rtftisland   birds  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senate reverse citizens unitedsuper baby   misook  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senate2pm   angel  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senatedalmatian   round 1  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senatesuper junior   bonamana  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senateb2st   oasis  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senateze:a   girl  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senateboyfriend   boyfriend  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senategummy feat top   sorry  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senateb1a4   fooool  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senateshinee onew jonghyun   please don  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senatemblaq   belong  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senatebig bang   lollipop  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senatejyj    occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senatemblaq   dream  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senatelee hyori   remember  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senateapink   wishlist  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senatess501   love  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senateblock   me?  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senatekara   love fire  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senateboa   13. quincy  occupywallstreet outlaw congressional lobbying..elizabeth warren senate
rtprotesters attack police >>   occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  oswrtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>rtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>rt"socialism capitalism lower classes”   oswald spengler  occupywallstreet  occupyamsterdamrtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>rtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>it s"the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>rtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>proof  osw imbeciles   water power washers?  tcot  pinrtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>2011 executive paywatch ceo pay database   occupywallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtproof  osw imbeciles   water power washers?  tcot  pinrtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>rtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>rtneeds 2 viral   "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>rtwise radical talks occupy wall street evolve   occupyseattle  p2  occupywallstreet  usdorrtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>rtthis viral. "the rest story"  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw protesters attack police >>rtnot burning flag defecating  occupywallst  occupywallstnyc  osw"they can."  virgil  osw  occupywallstreet  occupyphilly  occupythehood
rtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrt15 people including  cornelwest arrested steps  supremecourt protesting corporate personhood.  occupydc  ows  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtrt15 people including  cornelwest arrested steps  supremecourt protesting corporate personhood.  occupydc  ows  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdor
recession officially  u.s. incomes kept falling7 reasons  bank  stocks falling   antibank  anticorp  usdorare mindless americans falling prey  revolution business?rtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingexcept fence falling ocean.rtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept falling       usrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingnycomp dinapoli  nys revenues falling short projections | york daily news   taxesrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept falling grim sign enduring nature economic slu...dinapoli revenues falling short projectionsrecession officially  incomes kept falling  over?   the99percent  16m un employedrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingperfect hashtag. image bloody guy falling paddywagon yesterdayrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingrtrecession officially  u.s. incomes kept fallingare falling achieving heights? depends goals measure performance  winwhat?
rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.and proceeded try fight cops off? ummmmm dumb? nypd officer... re digging hole deepervideo 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viartcops furious nypd officer flashed peace sign photo occupy wall street protesterrtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetrtthis ugly. letter frm  brookfieldprops  nypd 2  libertyplaza pretext "cleaning"   owsrtrtwish cops protect schools parks  protecting banks.  owsrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.wow dirty ass cops........ new?  ?rtrthey 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd copswhats dam cops beating ppl occupy wall st. cops crookedrtanyone actual crime happening city cops rough peaceful protesters?  owscops moving  occupyseattle livertoccupywallstreet 25 arrests @ citibank cause close bank account   live videostreaming >>cross border fire frustrates troops afghanistan increase rocket fire afghanistan pakistani t...in la police bring food protestors  wrong nypd cpd. cops la hero people."millionaires march" stops chez murdoch  occupywallstreet  globalrevolutionoccupytimessquare 1 marine vs. 30 cops (marine wins)  occupywallstreetrtoccupywallst – topsy photosrtvideo nypd cops fight girls subway  |  viewhiphop
rtwill overturn corporate personhood?    usdorrtwill overturn corporate personhood?    usdorrteither representatives  f*cking terrorists? abolish corporate personhood?rtwill overturn corporate personhood?   usdorrtwill overturn corporate personhood?    usdorwill overturn corporate personhood?   usdor stand up...rtrtwill overturn corporate personhood?   usdor  occupysydneyrteither representatives  terrorists. abolish corporate personhood?   usdor  owsrteither representatives  terrorists. abolish corporate personhood?   usdor  owsrtwill overturn corporate personhood?   usdorrtwill overturn corporate personhood?   usdorrteither representatives  f*cking terrorists? abolish corporate personhood?rtwill overturn corporate personhood?   usdor stand up...rtwill overturn corporate personhood?   usdorrteither representatives  terrorists. abolish corporate personhood?   usdor  owsrtwill overturn corporate personhood?    usdorrtwill overturn corporate personhood?   usdorrteither representatives  f*cking terrorists? abolish corporate personhood?please support  occupywallstreet  nm &  nycwill overturn corporate personhood?    usdorrteither representatives  terrorists. abolish corporate personhood?   usdor  owswill overturn corporate personhood?  agree objectives completely.

rtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrt“wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question brian schottenheimer system  wowrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtjets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question oc schottenheimer system   nflrtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer system

rthard believe thisprotester soda back.rtnato officer qaddafi loyalists’ resilience surprisingrtwatch grow. nytimes buoyed wall st. protests  rallies sweep globert“crowd chanting "fox news lies"   angry protesters encircledat  occupywallst” karma see...rtplease send brooms  mops  squeegees  buckets  dust pans  cleaning supplies asap   needsoftheoccupiers  wallstcleanup  occupywallstreetflorida hotel worker fired refusing american flag lapel pin    unbelievable wtfwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtnote retracting earlier  libertyplaza  washingtonsquare crowd estimates. stay tuned. plz rtwhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrt3 to1 americans (rep71% & dem81%) believe "campaign contributions buy results congress" vusdor   owswall st. poured millions n2 nypd    getting pay now? | | alternet  believe this? omg rtrtthis clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ows  obama2012rtif lie elected  politicians 2 jail  elected politicians lie you..they  re elected  vote     usdor  owswhat clip robert reich exposing 7 gop lies?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupysf  occupyoakland supplies?rtif  occupywallstreet  human mic  rendition slavoj zizek talk comprehensible  accomplish.rtwe re sending winter survival guides supplies liberty square.  needsoftheoccupiers  owsfollowfridaypr9anthonyryan browsing scouting report   jean michel cazabat store; sales jil sander elie tahari...i believeis able  ows brick weed carries times. don worry  secret safe.
rtthe army acting concert symphony heard  occupywallstreet  ows  revolution  news  mediartthe army   occupywallstreet  ows  revolution  news  mediartmust read notice "no fear" animal farm themes "spark" notes   occupywallstreet  ows   revolution  news  media  o13rtdoes provoked raid medical tent?  occupywallstreetrtif philly friends tentand friends one. keeping informed weeks  occupyphillyrtgreat sheet truth "occupy" media blackout     occupy  occupywallstrtgreat sheet truth "occupy" media blackout     occupy  occupywallstrt???? ??????? ?????? ????????? ?? ?? ??????? ??????? ????? ???? ????? ??? ??????? ??? ?? ?????? ???? ????????    8rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 removed   nypd 2 cross ...rtrtjesse jackson placed front medical tent. 2 (cont)rt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrtfull report jesse jackson intervention  helping save medical tent  ows surprise nypd raidrtwow. powerful video vet vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "occupyseattle confirmed arrests. live
rtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  ows.not coverage  ows occupy wall street anymore paper. reason not?.hey  tweeted  ows silent story.  goodforyourtbloomberg seeks balance protest &  silence   // silence?  wtfinspiring video :)    ows  occupywallst  occupiedworldsomething see.rtyikes rtsources holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex question schottenheimer systemunited met secretly pakistan haqqani networkwell fair nypd share bashing macing innocent peaceful protesters & media  endthefed  occupywallstreetrtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflur correct...let know? bc 4 uif lose commute & midtown  re luck.lost & found penn station...rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtrtmayor brookfield decided nix cleanup getting angry calls lawmakers nite.  owsand mass transit  rtu.s. expedite tappan zee bridge projectrtat york schools  finding time exercisertrticymi hometown march milwaukee   occupymkespread lie. forget tea party. jr nazi destruction usa short shitrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflthe theory tricle privitised america goals future .truck wager contracting co. inc hauling metal barricades  ows.  nypd told stop taking photos.   usdor
rtlive psu march.    occupyportland  ows  ourwallstreetlivefox5 chopper feed  ows march.   occupytogether  occupysf  occupyla  occupywallstnycrtsmh rtpolice horses waiting road washington square north  arch.  ows50 yrs march. complete. rising inequality  understand struggle smart  vidyou don beat shit crowd b/c don permit march. fucked up.  nypd  owswill search. distributed zucotti  minutes ago. visit nyc. website  mayors pagertrtreports arrests near liberty sq  ows march.reports protesters loaded nypd paddy wagonrtnypd confiscated press pass italian journalist  w/ italian tv  covering march. accused failing remain sidewalkrtrthelmeted riot police arrive inside arch. quick count 44.  occupywallstreet  owsrtpolice horses waiting road wash sq north  arch.  ows  occupywallstreet  oct15.probably dozen video cameras rolling times march. quickrtrthelmeted riot police arrive inside arch. quick count 44.  occupywallstreet  owsrthere nypd buses south 5th  arch.  ows  occupywallstreetrthelmeted riot police arrive inside arch. quick count 44.  occupywallstreet  owsdon dare attack police scum. rtcrowd encircled police arch.  occupywallstreet  owsrtholy shi*t wash sq arch... rtriot police  ready work.  occupywallstreet  owsoccupywallstreet remember remember  guy fawkes blow democratic institution  supplanting catholic monarch. fyirtrtcrowd encircled police arch.  occupywallstreet  owsthat 89  occupywallstreet morons arrested today. continue google search.that 93  occupywallstreet morons arrested today. continue google search. triple digits. 7.that 97  occupywallstreet morons arrested today. continue google search. triple digits. 3.
rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.everytime leaveis craziness happens. srsly  nypd  medical tent??  nypdshame you.rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.yup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.mtv 3  occupywallstreet kids & 3 republicans & house  let’s happens.  redeyertyup  crap happens.rtyup  crap happens.
a campaign windfall 4 republicans voted sex marriagea campaign windfall 4 republicans voted sex marriage thomas kaplan albany — le...marriage partnership furniture vitamin hobbyrtdenied veterans benefits sex marriage  carmen cardona suesdenied veterans benefits sex marriage  ex sailor challenges law   york timesrt4 republicans voted gay marriage set receive aidrtdenied veterans benefits sex marriage  carmen cardona suesrt4 republicans voted gay marriage set receive aidrtdenied veterans benefits sex marriage  carmen cardona suesrtyou tv? darling smoltz debated gay marriage. 1.   2.rtwhat scandal? demi moore looks stunning  anntaylor ads amidst marriage woesdenied veterans benefits sex marriage  carmen cardona suesdenied veterans benefits sex marriage  carmen cardona suesrtdenied veterans benefits sex marriage  carmen cardona suesa campaign windfall 4 republicans voted sex marriage thomas kaplan albany — le...rtthank former prime minster josé sócrates brave marriage equality.  happy milk touched you.rt4 republicans voted gay marriage set receive aidrtwhat scandal? demi moore looks stunning  anntaylor ads amidst marriage woesrtdenied veterans benefits sex marriage  carmen cardona suesrt2 3 people  pluralmarriage sex. support  marriageequality todayrtdenied veterans benefits sex marriage  carmen cardona sues
president clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...president clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...china revolution fitnessrtchina revolution fitnesspresident clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...president clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...nyt china revolution fitness   health  health_newsnyt president clinton golf path fitness   health  health_newsby nina mandell pint sized fitness guru encouraging kids playstation break sweat. cj ...pharmacy president clinton golf path fitness former president bill clinton hosted round...outlaw fitness  motivated struggles season ... tough predict travis outla...health news   china revolution fitness china hardly enjoying athletic revol...    ny timesinterestingchina revolution fitness   emerging  fitnesschina revolution fitness china hardly enjoying athletic revolution people  f...rtfitness guru c.j.senter encourages  kids country stay shape..china revolution fitness china hardly enjoying athletic revolution people  f...president clinton golf path fitness former president bill clinton hosted roundtable dis...rtchina revolution fitnessny times fitting fitness school day      program easy & freepresident clinton golf path fitnessthey left planet fitness
i sent directions   home  don buy products  services   attention; simple understanding mutual respectshare russell simmons quote simple   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetin words  simple arrested  downtown  released soon  coming back?yeah kno nypd fuck smhwhat simpleton statement....has pretty top game.  infosec fair share balrogs & overly simple pass. xdshare russell simmons quote simple   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetforget 9 9 9. simple plan 1 cartoon henry george ran mayor york 1886. t...share russell simmons quote simple   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetexcellent article people eco fads favour simpler cost effective solutionsrtshare russell simmons quote simple   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetshare russell simmons quote simple   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetshare russell simmons quote simple   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetshare russell simmons quote simple   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetshare russell simmons quote simple   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetows remember vote. simple math  don vote  don count. voting change things.kanye west punk simpleton  simmons  owns debit card co. morons thattakesyourmoney.how morons expect government money simpletons eating police?liar  catholics simple twits violence. nice spin though.share russell simmons quote simple   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtshare russell simmons quote simple   viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet
rtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15othis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15othis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortdependence begets subservience venality  suffocates germ virtue  prepares fi… (cont)rtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ort w/out add comment /this revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.potus neither mediocre venal. ron paul campaign & nader agree w/ you.weedonrtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15othis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15o tyrt
president obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady michelle obamartrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady mi..rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyi agree  rtobama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  michelle  lolrtsmart rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyas rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyclass warfare  “president obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladystole yousa tweet rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady ...rtpres. obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians lady  || uh oh. champagne summitrtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladylol “president obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrti co sign disapproval rtpres. obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians ladynothing wrong  rtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ...rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladythat votes rtobama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady
rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtmtrtsorryour approval rating yours. bad feelings.   owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owslol rtsorryour approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtswaaagg rtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.rtlolrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owslolrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.lolsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.   owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    owsrtsorrybut approval rating yours. bad feelings  dude.    ows
president obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady michelle obamajury komisarjevsky guilty murdering cheshire mom  daughters haven  conn. (cbsnewyork)    jurors re...rtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady mi..rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyi agree  rtobama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  michelle  lolrtsmart rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyas rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyclass warfare  “president obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladystole yousa tweet rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady ...opposes daughters watching& family reality    >rtpres. obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians lady  || uh oh. champagne summitrtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladylol “president obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrti co sign disapproval rtpres. obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians ladynothing wrong  rtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ...rtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  ladyrtpresident obama disapproves daughters watching kardashians  lady
rtows  occupyboston  usdor courts uphold rights citizens record police action | homeland security news wireon govt civil rights panel  call inspect nypd      (ap) ap   former homeland security department civil r...nyc police chief ray kelly tells private security officers "we depend act eyes ears"rthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdorwtf wackos claim  nypd head security bill gates?is moon tonight?rtrtare footing bill 4  nyse private security? some1 investigateows  occupyboston  usdor courts uphold rights citizens record police action | homeland security news wirecoming  hidden agendas  paid iran  starting afire consume landthat exactly told media coverage free country dreamingnot forget  protesters paid popeye chickenrtnew york security consultant thomas ryan waging campaign infiltrate discredit movement  owsit appen protecting lady liberty airport type security screening statue ... ...  think?rttweet fromtoon 8/31. response.rtmembers ofapplying nypd   occupywallstreet  usdor  sept17rtmy train nyp 8:45am tomorrow  occupywallstreet fun   usdor  sept17rtbravo zulu  promoting terrorist uprising atoccupywallstreet  sept17it sense    elseformer federal lawyer calls investigation nypd muslim spy programs former homeland security depa...   newsbreitbart? asshole using breitbart credible info/intel? ahahahahahahahahahaha clueless nitwitandrew dumbfart wouldn jumped cake lapdancerthomeland security advising pd jam cell phones block broadcasts try pull mubarak stealth.  companies.  usdor
rtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsa campaign windfall 4 republicans voted sex marriagertrepublicans continue squander taxpayer money blame obama  viaows   ourwallstreeta campaign windfall 4 republicans voted sex marriage thomas kaplan albany — le...rtrepublicans &  democrats blame  money politics.    getmoneyout  gop  ows  tcotrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionssenate republicans vote kill obama jobs bill washington   senate republicans voted kill white...rtbetween 1989 2010 goldman sachs $36m    60% democrats 39% republicans.   usdor   contributionsrtrepublicans rooting economy fail...bc hv noviable candidate win wh desperate   usdor  connecttheleftrt4 republicans voted gay marriage set receive aidpuppet obama fooled republicans  don ve revealed  publicizing  occupywallstreetrtvrepublicans berate  occupywallstreet protestors week reject jobs bill create 1.9million jobscheck 9 9 9 plan  p.s.a. tests tax holidays debated republicansrt4 republicans voted gay marriage set receive aidrt7 biggest economic lies told republicans.....   occupywallstreetrtrtbetween 1989 & 2010 goldman sachs $36m   60% democrats 39% republicans  usdor   contributionsrtthe republicans again.. filibuster  jobsact...cuz didn write it...let fuel  occupywallstdemocrats  republicans  feel elected officials don represent   changethevote  ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreet
rtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuelrtzuccotti assembly beautifully consensed purchasing biodiesel generator burn 2 months donated fuel
the pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreeta start  bet salaries remain skyrocket...you know...even higher.   occupywallstreetrtthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtevery week passes  overtime spent nypd  ows pay salaries 10 public school teachers year.  funfactsthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetbankers  salaries vs. else  1981 2010  expains feeling injustice unfairnessthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtrtbankers  salaries vs. else  comments below too.the pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreet
amazon rewrites rules book publishingrtamazon rewrites rules book  publishingamazon rewrites rules book publishing  htamazon rewrites rules book publishing signs authors  publishers deal    viaamazon rewrites rules book publishingwriters nail coffin publishing industry? amazon behemoth eliminating middle..amazon rewrites rules book publishingonly matter time amazon enters publishingny times "amazon rewrite book publishing" article. disagree lotcould gen publishing cause  prepublicationreview ?rtamazon rewrites rules book publishingrtreading amazon rewrites rules book publishingamazon rewrites rules book publishingamazon rewrites rules book publishing  read viartamazon rewrites rules book publishingrtamazon rewrites rules book publishingamazon rewrites rules book publishingamazon rewrites rules book publishingrt"“the people publishing process writer reader" —rtamazon rewrites rules book publishingrt???amazon????????????????????????????????????????nyt????amazon rewrites rules book publishing
rtrt7am lay  takes 2 3 cops to...rtlove circus traveling acrobat couples hoops together.rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstoccupysd inoccupywallstreet braces showdownrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtmedic requests  backboard straps  hard plastic neck braces. please help   needsoftheoccupiers  occupybostonrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrt7am lay  takes 2 3 cops shift 1 person  please   occupywallstreetgrand pursuit — sylvia nasar — book review sylvia nasar traces evolution modern economic  fr...rtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtzarathustra predicted final confrontation isn nations  races religions; vs evil  occupywallstreet  peoplepowerrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstsocialismsucks rtgreece braces shutdown austerity vote nears | reuters   ows  occupywallstreetnflmexico   avon joined forces promote breast cancer fight &awareness amongmexicans via 5 & 10k races bothgendersrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstrtno kids. ages races   feels everyone. leader  ideology demand fix broken system.  occupywallstlove circus traveling acrobat couples hoops together.
rtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtfinancial times editorial supports  occupywallstreet; "cry change heeded" ( )rtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtnyt editorial  occupywallst "protesters   giving voice generation lost opportunity."rt"“nyt editorial board comes swinging defense  ows  "the message...please rt"this list 100 novels drawn editorial board modern library    books  literaturertyou allow eyes occupy paul krugman editorial owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtnyt editorial  foreignaid goes    time stingy   internationaldevelopment  aid  usaidrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtrt para quem queira ler tal editorial. sucinto assertivo.editorial slandering popertan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owseditorial excellence bloom [new york daily news]  [like it?  ]rtan articulate york times editorial occupy wall street  occupy movement. & means.   owsrtnyt editorial  occupywallst "protesters   giving voice generation lost opportunity."rtyesterday nyt editorial  occupywallst hit messages. interesting: think?rteditorial vote yes labor deal
why rage? elections free; fair. mistake education institutes teach  failed economic  policywhy rage? & elections. government doctrine obsolete telegraph system.stop & elections  money  ve lost. fair exchange service workrtelections putspro israel neocons & antiback top &againstrtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonightrtif remove special elections  grievances govt solved.  usdorrtbarack obama supporters stage harlem tea party support president re ...   york daily newshow obama receive business banks election cycle???   ows  p2  tlot  tcotrtrtrtwe $99 limit campaign contributions   win election that.   jeffrey sachstonightrttweets from& re&  occupywallst remind  iranelection internet covered.  owsrtiran fails attempt monkey space   iranelection ahmadinejad?rtamerican ppl reclaiming institutions democratic society.  public square.  press. elections.    usdorrtfree & fair elections remedy myriad ills & abuses govt preys spirits resources citizens   usdorrtif remove special elections  grievances govt solved.  usdorrt"remove special elections" "factions" founding fathers feared.rtwall st doesn care ideology.  leading $ source 2012 presidential election romney    usdorrtin uk political commercials banned tv. elections happen.rtif capitalism & democracy means 1% greedy rich choose puppet politicians destroy 99%  hell it. vote  occupywallstreetrt"remove special elections" "factions" founding fathers feared.rt.are  occupywallstreet planning voting 2012 elections?  owsrttruth. rtif remove special elections  grievances govt solved.  usdor
in york (this time) rtrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewbus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...bus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...ugh. rtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewwait...what? rtbus segregation women prompts reviewreligious freedom equal rights? bus segregation jewish women ny prompts reviewrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewnews bus segregation jewish women prompts reviewbus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...rtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewdtn usa bus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication ...bus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...rtrtwhat prompts jp morgan donate $4.6 million nypd fund? 10th 9/11? nope  hoping ll crush protest.  owsrtbus segregation jewish women prompts reviewwhat official reaction muslims rode bus?“bus segregation jewish women prompts reviewbus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school ...bus segregation jewish women prompts review article columbia journalism school publication promp...
truly    rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallst… (cont)rtspot rtdecades calvin & hobbes comicstrip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementdecades calvin hobbes comic succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    via
rtpolice 8pm "large disorderly group" 46th nr 6th "given separate warnings disperse" 42 arrests   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsisn tourism. rtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared bit.ly/nllzev  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."newsinter 42arrestations  hauteur de la 46th avenue   times square york. (nypd)  occupywallstreet  followdjaz prefere ayisyenrthundreds 46th st allowed 2 enter (public) times square 2 join voices  occupytimessquarerthundreds 46th st allowed 2 enter (public) times square 2 join voices  occupytimessquarertnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtrtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared   owsrtbullhorn "we re concerned safety" rtnypd saying hurt 46th clearedrtrtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared   owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtour reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded vans 46th st.   breaking  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtnypd saying hurt 46th st. isn cleared   owsrtoccupywallstreet  occupytimessquare  ows   nypd clearing 46th street  moving protesters onto sidewalks.rtrtour reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded vans 46th st.   breaking  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   owsrtfucking paramilitary bullshit pulled 46th rtriot police  ready work.  owsrtrtour reporter dozens protesters arrested  loaded vans 46th st.   breaking  owsrtnydn "it appears dozens protesters arrested loaded vans 46th st."   ows
rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.is brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.<3 rtisin brooms.lets help thm clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.rtis brooms. help clean zucotti park & prove re bunch useless squatters.
sean hannity busy trashing  occupywallstreet . doesn people parties bankers?  owa  occupyrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneedsoftheoccupiers people  occupydenver help occupancy clean pick trash bags.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtliberty plaza cleaning day thursday   bring trashbags cleaning supplies park sparkle    ows  occupywallstnycsneaky teabaggers..trying serve masters...amass followers trash obama &  occupywallstreet ..i nt care flwersrtboston police throw american flag ground  arrest veterans  trash property   ows  occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtboston police throw american flag ground  arrest veterans  trash property   ows  occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.finally  intelligent kardashians trashy whoresrtows takes pre emptive measures planned nypd "cleanup"  zuccotti fri.issues call brooms  trash bags etcrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtrtrtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtboston police throw american flag ground  arrest veterans  trash property   ows  occupywallstreet  usdor  p2rtneeds brooms  mops  power washers  grabage bins  soap  trash bags  gloves  etc.rtneedsoftheoccupiers milkcrates fireextinguishers blankets contractorsizetrashbags  occupybostonwe celebrate gone  trash rubbers cleaned up. wasted lives.
former detective nypd planted drugs people meet drug arrest quotas | | alternetthis nypd operates. beware...they plant drugs you.nypd admits planting drugs  via"get scum bags streets". nypd admits planting drugs  viartnypd cop routinely plant drugs innocentssports  bryant gumbel stern modern plantation overseer. 4 me.   fbrtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotasrtformer detectives admit planting drugs innocent meet arrest quotas  failed "war drugs"rtfmr nypd detective testifies common practice plant drugs innocent ppl & charge meet arrest quotas“oct 13   nypd officer admits planting drugs innocent people meet arrest quotas    =(rt"“nypd officer admits planting drugs innocent people    =(" sprinkle crack him... =(a whistle blower steps forward nypd planted drugs innocent fill quotas —nypd cop admits planting drugs innocent people meet quota.did hear nypd planting evidence?rtformer nyc detective admits nypd planted drugs meet arrest quotas  surprisesurprisertnypd detective admits officers planted drugs innocents arrest quotasrtto serve protect? ex nypd cop planted drugs innocent people reach quotas via huffpost  (cont)rtoct 13   nypd officer admits planting drugs innocent people meet arrest quotasnewsvine nypd admits planting drugs innocent people increase arrests | death taxes protect ser...your job plant yourself tree beside river truth  tell world... "no  move."  occupywallstreet  usdorthis fucked surprising  ... cops planting evidence innocent people meet quotas
rtrif nypd actually arrested ppl trying close accounts citibank  ll iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrticonic    occupyportland  usdor rrtbeautiful shot crowd bank america sign   owsrtnypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  ows  stribpolrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrticonic    occupyportland  usdor rrtbeautiful shot crowd bank america sign   owsrticonic    occupyportland  usdor rrtbeautiful shot crowd bank america sign   owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  owsnypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  ows  stribpolrtif nypd actually arrested people trying close accounts citibank  iconic moment growth  ows
exclusive meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdworking *within system*  meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdoccupy wall street meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdrtmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypd  sad paranoid govt cops wild  owsmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypd occupy wall street protests o...re meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypd tarpley report bre...meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdrtmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypd     anonymous  occupywallstreet  owsmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdrtmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdrtoccupy wall street meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdexclusive meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdrtmiss this? occupy wall street infiltrator snitched fbi  nypd   tpcrt~meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypd  ~via:rtoccupy wall street meet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdrtmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypdmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypd
rtwow. powerful video vet vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "rtrtu.s marine nypd honor this. none. takes coward hurt unarmed civilian   owsdecorated u.s. marine sgt. shamar thomas nypd "..it takes coward harm unarmed civilians"  occupywallstreet  owsrt>one marine nypd...stands ground...."there honor hurting unarmed americans"  ows  usdorrtu.s marine nypd honor this. none. takes coward hurt unarmed civilian   owsrtphoto police reaction armed tea party protests versus unarmed  peaceful  occupywallstreet protests.rtrveteran vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "   owsrtows   usdor>one marine nypd...stands ground...."there honor abusing unarmed americans"rttonight 11 nypd makes polite  impassioned plea quit filming beating unarmed citizens.  occupywallstreetrt usa iraq vet home truths nypd violence towards unarmed protestors.rtows   usdor>one marine nypd...stands ground...."there honor abusing unarmed americans"rt>one marine nypd...stands ground...."there honor abusing unarmed americans"   ows  usdorrt>one marine nypd...stands ground...."there honor hurting unarmed americans"  ows  usdorrtveteran vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "   ows  usdorrtsometimes truth louder megaphone. "there honor hurting unarmed civilians"   ows  occupywallstreetusmc sergeant shamar thomas  hero  "there honor attacking unarmed citizens"rtveteran vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "   ows  usdorrtrveteran vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "   owsrtphoto police reaction armed tea party protests versus unarmed  peaceful  occupywallstreet protests.rtwow. powerful video vet vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "rtveteran vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "   ows  usdor
bofa &  fed $75 trillion derivatives trade europe leaving taxpayers hook euro banks fails  ows  october2011  usdorrtrtpost photo  trader american people  shunyankees  jesus montero figure bombers  2012 plans  regular trade chipnewest cars trade looks personality phil patton kia soul star youtube:...whose jobs risk free tradertthe trade sector america surplus services  advertising persuasion.  value six bladed razor.  usdornytimes israel releases names 477 prisoners freed tradertoccupywallstreet protesters march rep. maloney office  hours major trade agreement voteinfamous trader alessio rastani support  occupywallstreet movement tells truthrtwe jobs  ve found occupation     ows  occupywallstreet   occupygovtrtrtwe jobs  ve found occupation     ows  occupywallstreet   occupygovtchina export growth eases amid global turmoil chinese data trade surplus narrowed septemb...rtrtdance party front int trade rep now. responsible nafta  cafta  etc.  occupydcwall st. traders "work" $ thin air &  99% suffer consequences.rtcitibank ceo office line (212) 793 1201  email address vikram.pandit.com.  ows  usdorrtthe trade sector america surplus services  advertising persuasion.  value six bladed razor.  usdorthank following  jack trades master none follow blogrtfree trade deals korea  panama columbia pass bipartisan supportrthomeboy rep defazio job killing free trade agreements   ows  occupytogether  occupyportland  usdor occupyu.s. solar panel makers accuse chinese trade violations   solar  pv  chinartrtdance party front int trade rep now. responsible nafta  cafta  etc.  occupydc
rtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtvoter id laws prevent people voting    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows   usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtvoter id laws prevent people voting    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows   usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtvoter id laws prevent people voting    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows   usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtkoch brothers spearheading voter suppression effort    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows  usdorrtvoter id laws prevent people voting    anoncorpwatch  votersuppression  anonymous  ows   usdor
lech walesa visit york  support occupy  wall streetrtows lech walesa visit nyc support occupy wall street (nydailynews) solidarity hero lech w...   usrevolutionlech walesa  former polish president  visit york support occupy wall streetrtlech walesa  former nobel prize winning polish president  warns  worldwide revolt capitalism    owsrtlech walesa  former nobel prize winning polish president  warns  worldwide revolt capitalism    owslech walesa (yes  walesa) visit nyc support ows.  wow.rtlech walesa  former polish president  visit york support occupy wall..rtrtbreslin people rise  cops blink human rights movement takes root i… (cont)lech walesa headed ny support  owslech walesa visit nyc support occupy wall street solidarity hero lech walesa flying york sh...rtapoie  occupywallst  ows exija uma democracia real  envie uma mensagem de apoiortlech walesa  former polish president  visit york support occupy wall street   ows  solidarityrtwow    rtows announced fmr. polish president lech wa??sa coming nyc support  occupywallstrtlech walesa  former polish president  visit york support occupy wall streetrtlech walesa  famed anti communist polish reformer  visit ny support  owsfrom ap/ny daily news lech walesa visit nyc support  ows    quickly  master democrat   you.rtlech walesa  nobel prize winning polish ex president  warns  revolt capitalism"   owsrtslecht zeg dit..rtvertaling bij ny time haastklusje  artikel nog vol nl woorden  (via)lech walesa visit nyc support occupy wall streetlech walesa  former polish president  visit york support  occupywallstreet  "how respond"  owsword rtlech walesa  former polish pres  nobel peace prize winner led poland revolt soviets coming support  ows
rtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtrtwant 2 feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheappizzajoint. ordernow   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owsmicdid add additional nyc camp @  washingtonsquarepark? news true sorely support  libertycamprtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtcan help beautify  peopleskitchen  washingtonsquarepark? plz send garbage bags  flowers  tablecloths  needsoftheoccupiers  owsrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiersrtwant 2  feedtherevolution  washingtonsquarepark? cheap pizza joint.   needsoftheoccupiers
rtapparently real;  reform including  justice.  sadface  ows  occupywallst  99percentwatching real time bill maher. love alan grayson said. shut panel  occupywallst including bill.thoroughly enjoyed sunday slook occupy wall street protestors  including rob si… (cont)usa occupy des moines dozens arrested iowa  including 14rtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtmarchers approach wall st. nypd presence  including six nypd horseback. march slows now..  owsrtrt“learned unions bringing support @ 4 a.m.  including @ 100 arrested  occupywallstrtopp called strikes type jobs  including educations   kids outside schools  r/a demosrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtrtlots police driving south bway including looked van helmeted police  occupywallstreetrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrtwatch 2.07 police thugs  including medics  attacking protester holding … (cont)rtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owswell ve heard  occupywallstreet doing including newcastle.a dozen nice slides ostia antica  fave ancient site (obviously ) including frescoesrtat 3 people arrested noon zuccotti park   & 2 cameras  including freelance photog   owsrt15 people including  cornelwest arrested steps  supremecourt protesting corporate personhood.  occupydc  ows  usdorrtrt“learned unions bringing support @ 4 a.m.  including @ 100 arrested  occupywallst
rtif lie elected  politicians 2 jail  elected politicians lie you..they  re elected  vote     usdor  owsrtrtrtoccupywallstreet getting democrats elected. complicit.  usdorrtif lie elected  politicians 2 jail  elected politicians lie you..they  re elected  vote     usdor  owsrtare elected reps 99% 1%?  ows  99percent  occupyla  occupyriverside  occupywallst  occupyamerica  occupygloballysources epstein leaves sox cubs theo epstein elected leave $161 million red sox mess an...rtrtrtoccupywallstreet getting democrats elected. complicit.  usdorrtrtrtoccupywallstreet getting democrats elected. complicit.  usdorrtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15orti propose demand  occupywallstreet elected officials wear corporate donor logos suits  nascar.  ows  p2rtinteresting.office touts "the elected official visit demonstration..."  owsoccupywallstreet trying  tools reelected & gain govt control. costs freedom  gp  ows  tcot  tlotrtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ono corporate lobbying  corporate campaign contributions. otherwise  own "elected".rtif lie elected politicians 2 jail  elected  politicians lie you.. re elected  vote     usdor  owsrtwe demand world corporations  banks elected officials create socially responsible economy.  occupywallstreetrtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15odemocrats  republicans  feel elected officials don represent   changethevote  ows  occupywallst  occupywallstreetrtthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortthis revolution  fucking democratic campaign venal  mediocre elected again.  ows  usdor  15ortows  rtaudio/video bloomberg "many elected officials" calls stop evictio… (cont)rtrtoccupywallstreet getting democrats elected. complicit.  usdor
rtrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorhow dare practical  mtthe millionairesmarch protesters heading uptown but...not marching..they re taking subway.rtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorshocking video nypd fighting black girls subway. video talking about. right? wrong?rtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtlove this. localized. “generalassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdor”rtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorhmmmm  ok picture attractive women subway.  wonderingrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdor
rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.rtno faced opposition power1% government  usdor  ows real. america lost lose.
rtwlf  nipclub  anipals rti sorry. pets ppl street  ki… (cont)rtrtlennox alive  nipclub  wlf  savelennox legal appeal lodged todaythank words blog.  hugzzzzz    wlf  nipclubi don moving forward healing happen apologiesnipclub  wlfyou re welcome.  thank  too.   hugzzzzzzzzzz       nipclub  wlfyes  help.   rothboys  nipclub  wlf  anipalsrtwlf  nipclub rtwe desperate food fr dogs week emergency funds money ye… (cont)rtrtlennox alive  nipclub  wlf  savelennox legal appeal lodged todayrtdon moving forward &healing happen apologiesnipclub  wlfindeed  researched   sensible & sensitive report  bit.ly/n0k61z thank you.  nipclub  wlf  anipalsrtplease read blog post    aboutbeing genuine fraud assaid   nipclub  wlfthank  blog hard delving  wlf  nipclubindeed yes   hope nastiness aboutis  nipclub  wlf apologies thinkyes apologies move on. terrible injustice  nipclub  wlfthank  trouble trying bring light & peace  nipclub &  wlf  hope feeling also.rtnipclubbers announcement  week cartoon character week     nipclub   wlflennox alive   nipclub  wlf  savelennox  legal appeal lodged todaymaybe confused judge decided 2 wks ago die hope appeal lodged today.  nipclub  wlf  savelennoxsee  savelennox tag updates.  nipclub  wlftoday day lodging appeal judgment   nipclubsadly lies told & legal wrangling humanity  savelennox  nipclub  wlf
rtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrt“wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question brian schottenheimer system  wowrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtjets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc schottenheimer systemforza 4 article rating racers provide incentive perfect  drifting ...rtspot rtdecades calvin & hobbes comicstrip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason& burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflrtsources jets wrs holmes  mason & burress individually met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system   nflwow dude. rtjets wrs met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer systemwow dude. rtjets wrs met w/rex ryan question oc brian schottenheimer system
wow  watched video 125th street melee nypd crazy ass girls... hits cop bag? idiotsstudent nj community college stutters told speak class  /viaa11ya campaign windfall 4 republicans voted sex marriagert“update   crowd chanting "jesse "  nypd "who serve? protect"  ows”rtor more. rt99% called  anti zionists  anti smites learned word.  occupywallstreet  owsrtjoe aceti  director shaped tv sports  dies 76october 21st... american day wrath  "we demand change system"    usdor  oct21  owsmy nose starts twitching david caruso nypd blue whoever interrogating lying him.rtrtsusan sarandon blasted calling pope benedict xiv  nazi    twice   tcot  tlotrtstudent jersey community college stutters told speak class  /viawow dirty ass cops........ new?  ?rtbaffling  ows assign zero blame democrats handed wall street billions $$ obama  stimulus package 1.0"  occupywallston democracy nowasked  "who nypd protecting?" excellent question. police protecting ppl?should 8 hours day people  exclude poorer people venues 16 hrs day? fix this.rtnypd~mlk~quotes jf kennedy  peaceful revolution violent revolution inevitable   p2  tlot  owsrtnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalk     occupywallstreetrtnypd arrest peaceful middle aged writer evening gown legally public sidewalk     occupywallstreeta campaign windfall 4 republicans voted sex marriage thomas kaplan albany — le...tonight& world stand brave  occupywallstreet protesters freedom assemble overruled sanitation lawsamerica vicious fascist empire legions steal resources  destroy ecosystems  maintain inequity & consumption  occupywallstreetone human family w/ rights & duties finite  overpopulated earth ecosystems collapsing & resources running  occupywallstreet
rtoccupywallstreet song "the rich blues"  /vía15m  15o  15osvq  15oya  |  15oct  15oreadyrtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtit time start demanding dysfunctional  corrupt system offer  don think?rtno argument there.so nazi ss officers. rt:... convos ve  nypd blues  feel trapped :\  owsrtgiants hold  beat bills 27 24"to serve protect" oath... rt:... convos ve  nypd blues  feel trapped :\   owsrtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtrttalked nypd brothers. 1  ows. wasn wearing blues hererthakeem nicks rewrite ny giants single season record bookrtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.word rtand brandon jacobs  d.j. ready rock  nyg ...dagenshockey ny rangers doomed penalties  questionable  islanders; blueshirts recall brendan...   islesdagenshockey ny rangers doomed penalties  questionable  islanders; blueshirts recall brendan...   islesdagenshockey ny rangers doomed penalties  questionable  islanders; blueshirts recall brendan...   islesrtjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.rtthey don  either. rti don  occupywallstreet thing..    redeyertjust talked nypd brothers.  ows. wasn wearing blues here.with due respect  amy  translated america? ...it time start demanding dysfunctional  corrupt system offer  don think?
israeli cabinet outline social change   york times ha aretzisraeli cabinet outline soci...hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday released israeli soldier captured mo...israeli cabinet outline social change  ~ money   aint solved re solved   aw   knot moneyhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins  ethan bronner reported jerusalemhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday released israeli soldier captured mo...rtthe ongoing  israeli war  bedouin  negevhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap beginsisrael reaches deal free captured soldier israelis reached tentative deal hamas free s...israeli soldier gilad shalit freed text message  mahmoud zahar  hamas  leader gaza strip  that...the guardianhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap beginsnew york timesjerusalem — islamist palestinia...rtthe ongoing  israeli war  bedouin  negevhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times guardianhamas frees israeli soldier as...vindicated   ridiculed israeli scientist wins nobelthe ongoing  israeli war  palestine  bedouin  negev  *antloewensteinrtedl rtjust learn name israeli dea… (cont)news hamas frees israeli soldier five captivity prisoner swap beginshamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york timesny times hamas frees israeli soldier five captivity prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday rel...rthamas frees  israeli soldier five captivity prisoner swap begins rtrtthe ongoing  israeli war  bedouin  negevdtn world news hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins   york times sydney morning heraldhamas...
christian protesters  cops continue clash cairo hundred christians pelted police rocks outside...riots erupt christians protest cairo nineteen people killed cairo sunday protest copti...deadly protests church attack cairo ...   york timesanother day  holy war... nytimes church protests cairo deadlynew york times church protests cairo deadly    vianytimes church protests cairo deadlyrtlive stream  cairo   opegypt  anonymous  wiunion  ows  connecttheleft  usdordeadly protests church attack cairortsocial media accounts violence cairo challenge official narrative   egypt  scaf  masperomassacreyour initial statement looks    occupylsx  occupyeverything  occupysydney  occupycairo  occupyauckland  occupywallstrt  lies  dutch television  nosreporting violence reported  corrupt military  egypt  jan25  sept17  ows  cairoworld timescast | mistrust egypt military october 10  2011 — egyptians expressed ou...   egypt  cairo  jan25rtrtgruesome violence  cairo according recent tweets. "mainstream" news wires  egyptrtcan  egypt contingent address ga tonight?  cairo  tahrir  occupywallstreetrtrt"eyewitnesses dwntwn cairo report thugs attacking christian owned biz"rtrt"eyewitnesses dwntwn  cairo report thugs attacking christian owned biz"   egyptrtegypt coptic church calls 3 day fast following clashes  cairo. details  ajelive blog.rtrising tensions amid heartbreaking scenes cairo. chants military mass 4 slain  copts   egyptdeadly protests church attack cairortit sad protesters dying streets cairo  tv fanning violence.excitingads  deadly protests church attack cairo 23 people killed…
rt99% vs. 1%    occupy wall st. movement 853 cities world shoring   ows   ourwallstreetvideo 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viartrthey 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd copsrtwow. powerful video vet vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt unarmed civilian "occupytimessquare 1 marine vs. 30 cops (marine wins)  occupywallstreetrtnew  citizenradio reporters funded ‘vulture capitalist’ smear  occupywallstreet  karl rove vs. koch brothers   owsvideo 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viartmust watch (extended hd version) 1 marine vs. 30 cops (marine wins)   ows  occupywallstreet  usdor  sep17  oct15  15ortinteresting... 99% vs. 53%    occupywallstreet  99percentrtnew  citizenradio reporters funded ‘vulture capitalist’ smear  occupywallstreet  karl rove vs. koch brothers   ows““veteran vs. nypd "there honor  takes coward hurt (cont)eli giants throw vs. seahawks  36 25 straight comebacks fourth quarter deficits  t...check video    1 marine vs. 30 cops  marine punks nypd cops power people   occupypatriots vs. jets five questions jeff capellini cbsnewyork.com:) "iphone siri vs. human assistant   video library   york timesrtcongrats   ows  ve successfully vs. nypd.  occupychiponyourshoulderrt1 marine vs. 10 nypd officers.video 1 marine vs. 30 cops marine punks nypd cops   viamust watch (extended hd version) 1 marine vs. 30 cops (marine wins)   ows  occupywallstreet  usdor  sep17  oct15  15ointeresting... 99% vs. 53%    occupywallstreet  99percent1 marine vs. 30 cops  occupywallstreet  ows video (marine wins)   fantastic

rtamazon signs authors  writing publishers deal. publishers happy campersrttop story amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealamazon signs authors  writing publishers dealamazon rewrites rules book publishing signs authors  publishers deal    viaauthors sales data 3 publishers challenge amazon continued efforts woo authorstop story amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealtop story amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealnytimes amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealamazon signs authors  writing publishers deal   signofthetimesauthors sales data online 3 publishersrtlatina authors explore santería afro caribbean religionslatina news latina authors explore santería afro caribbean religions stigma  santerí...press  book rtlatina authors explore santería afro caribbean religionshäufig ge[twittert] amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealnytimes amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealnytimes amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealanother business meed disruption. nytimes amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealauthors sales data publishersamazon signs authors  writing publishers deal?latina authors explore santería  afro caribbean religions stigma  santería afro...rtauthors sales data publishers  |via cc
rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99demonstrator dresses jesus christ  occupylondon "i threw money lenders reason."   occupywallstreetrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtwoman threw bleach woman walmartrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rt“police threw punches.we threw peace signs.they rammed.we drummed.they fought.we won.  ows   ourwallstreetrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtwoman threw bleach woman walmartpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99wth  seriously  "woman threw bleach woman walmartrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtunbelievable  nypd defending cop threw punch  victim assault charges   owsrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99ready savings  nyc? rtwoman threw bleach woman walmartrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtwoman threw bleach woman walmartrtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99rtpolice threw punches. threw peace signs. rammed. drummed. fought. won.  occupywallstreet  ourwallstreet  wearethe99

rtamazon signs authors  writing publishers deal. publishers happy campersrtspeakers  occupywallst allowed microphones. democratic. republican. authoritarian regime stuff.simply  people gathering globally  taking authority create peaceful public expressions   owsrttop story amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealauthorities trying 2 shut via  bloomberg  occupywallstreet  occupydc  stopthemach2011  occupyboston  usdorrtanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericartanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamerica“how protest  letter egypt  (flashback.  authored 8/10/11 by)”  proud :))for romney  role faith authorityamazon signs authors  writing publishers dealrti am moving   short film    occupywallstreet   usa  oppression  authoritarianism  totalitarianism  owsamazon rewrites rules book publishing signs authors  publishers deal    viairanian plot kill saudi ambassador foiled ag eric holder federal authorities foiled plot assassinate ...iranian plot kill saudi ambassador foiled ag eric holder federal authorities foiled plot assassinate ...cuomo names pick run port authority gov. cuomo choice run port authority pat foye  forme...authors sales data 3 publishers challenge amazon continued efforts woo authorsrtanon ops    ourwallstreet breaking american author political consultant naomi wolf arrested  occupywallstreet  occupyamericatop story amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealrther acct arrest naomi wolf author "the america" tyconcerns grow authoritarianism macedoniamildred savage  author ‘parrish ’ dies 92
wall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsnyc removes signs directing women move aside  repressed bird complains.  viartwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.   owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  owsrtwall street executive complains poor roi schumer gillibrand.  (via)  ows
late  sudden  unsurprising  emergence nelson cruz staggering postseason success nelson cruz has...rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight jets pulled close  defe...rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightwoot  pats  rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight jets pulled close  defen...rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight  // yes patsrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightsorry j.e.t.s jets jets jets rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight jets pulled close  defe...news patriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight jets pulled close ...   nytimesoh good.will happy. rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots:( rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightjets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight – york times york timesjets stagger patriots...
afl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  occupydc  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  occupydc  occupywallstreet  occupytogetherrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreetrtafl cio calls  nyc spend night  ows protesters opposition  nypd ultimatum.  anonymous  occupywallstreet
rtrtget subway   42nd net  nypd entrapping protestersrtrtoccupy wall street protest times square seen 42nd  looking north bwayrtrtget subway   42nd net  nypd entrapping protestersrtrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsrtrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsrtrtoccupy wall street protest times square seen 42nd  looking north bwayrtrtoccupy wall street protest times square seen 42nd  looking north bwayrtrtget subway   42nd net  nypd entrapping protestersrtrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsrtrtoccupy wall street protest times square seen 42nd  looking north bwayrtrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsrtget subway   42nd net  nypd entrapping protestersfromget subway   42nd net   nypd entrapping protesters   ows  15ortfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owshah  rtfrom 42nd st 50 100k people times sq  owsrttime stamp 1hr ago rtphoto nypd human barrier 42nd street   ows  15ortrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsrthah  rtfrom 42nd st 50 100k people times sq  owsrtrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsrtrtfrom 42nd st entire crowd chants country    owsrtservadv uptown  6 via express b/t 145th st & 42nd/grand central due sick customer 28th st
rtpolice 8pm "large disorderly group" 46th nr 6th "given separate warnings disperse" 42 arrests   owsrtows takes pre emptive measures planned nypd "cleanup"  zuccotti fri.issues call brooms  trash bags etcrt"clean up" scheduled 7am tomorrow morning. hope resistance cowardly action bloomberg...««direct action statement "clean up" (cont)rt"clean up" scheduled 7am tomorrow morning. hope resistance cowardly action bloomberg...rtdirect action wrkn statement "clean up"   occupywallstreet  ows  wallstcleanuprthas beenany discussion friday "clean up"  docu  looks permanent clearance park?rtmtheywe re help. mayor 2 shut "clean up". send brooms?rt"clean up" scheduled 7am tomorrow morning. hope resistance cowardly action bloomberg...rtdirect action statement "clean up"   occupywallstreet  ows  wallstcleanuprtows takes pre emptive measures planned nypd "cleanup"  zuccotti fri.issues call brooms  trash bags etcrtdirect action statement "clean up"   occupywallstreet  ows  wallstcleanuprttoquer à une porte en hurlant "nypd up" puis la défoncer un coup de pied bien placer.rtows takes pre emptive measures planned nypd "cleanup"  zuccotti fri.issues call for..."the announcement earlier read "don 2 new" used/donated brooms/mops   wallstcleanup"rtstill strong. bloomberg shut "clean up". doing   occupywallstreetrt"clean up" scheduled 7am tomorrow morning. hope resistance cowardly action bloomberg...rtrtdirect action statement "clean up"   ows  wallstcleanuprtbloomberg "clean up"  occupywallst  instead flipped script  time clean wall st    owsrtpolice 8pm "large disorderly group" 46th nr 6th "given separate warnings disperse" 42 arrests   owson wsbtv news 11  ows told vacate park 7 am else  nypd "fed up" protesters  ows.
rtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiers incomingrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrt"alberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiers "rtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiersrtalberto pizza near  washingtonsquarepark ready 2 phone (212) 989 0500  ows  needsoftheoccupiers
just woke kitchen 8 hour straight "we feed people"  occupywallsteli giants throw vs. seahawks  36 25 straight comebacks fourth quarter deficits  t...giants hang buffalo  27 24 verge blowing straight fourth quarter lead  gi...rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight jets pulled close  defe...saw black power mixtape straight tortpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightstraight law & order.. rtwestchester lawyer shot kids  tucked bed  policertpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightwoot  pats  rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightdid actually straight face? tea party growing   usdor crapping streetspatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight jets pulled close  defen...rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightrtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight  // yes patsrtmtheaded  ows mark agent provocateurs. plus  dont wanna break streak 20 straight days holding americartpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straighta pretty straightforward ows  don think?rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straightsorry j.e.t.s jets jets jets rtpatriots 30  jets 21 jets stagger patriots  losing 3rd straight
brewers 9  cardinals 6 game provides fireworks brewers beat cardinals milwaukee fell twice fi...rtcardinals 4  brewers 3 n.l.c.s.   cardinals strike  bullpen restbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series ryan braun drove pivotal run...rtcardinals 12  brewers 6 cardinals slug world seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesnew marlins  manager ozzie guillen appear espn throughout cardinals ... nina mandell outspoken new...marlins  manager ozzie guillen appear espn throughout cardinals ... nina mande...rtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesst. louis cardinals & allen craig strike world series game 1  win 3 2 ... rangers starter cj wilson ga...brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesrtbrewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriesst. louis cardinals & allen craig strike world series game 1  win 3 2 ... rangers starter cj wilson ga..."brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching series  oh.cardinals 4  brewers 3 n.l.c.s. — cardinals strike  bullpen rest st. louis scored only...i ve located predictions 101 writers 1  cardinals   brewers   rangers   tigers.new marlins  manager ozzie guillen appear espn throughout cardinals ...nytimessports brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriescardinals &  rangers  worldseries"brewers 4  cardinals 2 brewers outlast cardinals’ pitching seriescardinals 3  rangers 2 world series — bullpen maneuvers st. louis edge
dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...funeral wall st live    occupywallstreet  occupywallst  nypd  snowflake  occupytv  occupythehood  ows  occupyphoenix“the pour finger lakes  seriously winesdwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...rtstate occupation (wed roundup)  fromows  occupywallstreet  occupymemphis  occupycolombia  oct15rtff  owsdwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...rtsilver lake considers yahoo biddining briefs | recently masten lake — nyc — restaurant review restaurant williamsburg aspire...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...rtphotos occupy seattle rally @ westlake park   ows  15oct  usdor    10k occupy dcrthave seen this? rtoccupywallst  ows agent provocateur d.c. museum  fromrtnew dean tripoli university faculty "90 percent contaminated" gaddafi loyalistsbank america destroying america family time.  boaoccupywallst  echopark  silvelake  sfv  la  losangeles  pasadena
in solidarity w/  occupywallstreet  occupyla +  occupycolleges students  occupycsun 10am 10pm thelawn  joinuslibrary reportbacks. committe rep totally looks librarian. editor nation stopped voice support.  occupywallstreetneedsoftheoccupiershoward zinn books demand.  please donate copies people libraryin performance  endgame    video library   york timesrtrtspontaneous infrastructurelibrary edition.  organized  knowledgeable staff.generalassembly  occupywallstreet library getting requests people help. library accommodate all"in smoky air " novel  newpaltz  peopleslibrary  occupywallstreetat library  vintage hip hop meditationrtows  needsoftheoccupiers people library dozen:) "iphone siri vs. human assistant   video library   york timeshe arts beat library  vintage hip hop meditation chuck public enemy rap music wa...children library discovery center   slide           picat library  vintage hip hop meditation           picbrooklyn public library head linda johnson seeking sell property ... linda johnson  named pr...this list 100 novels drawn editorial board modern library    books  literaturertrtspontaneous infrastructurelibrary edition.  organized  knowledgeable staff.rtartsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditationsitting library withatoccupywallstreet  owscheers steve syrek helps run  ows library  world people guy.nytimes artsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditation chuck public enemy r...it late critical linking publishers  products easy buy;  occupywallst library; & |
the mainstream media politicians completely disconnected  occupywallstreetrtusdor  ows  connecttheleft  gop  tcot  p2 watch now>>>update 2  ows video viralrtconnecttheleft  occupywallstreet  usdor james  keefe reportedly creeping occupy wall streetremember  nov5    operationcashback    /  wiunion  ows  occupyseattle  occupydc  stopthemach2011  connecttheleft  usdorrta people connected people empowered.  globalchange  solidarity  takewallstreet  bastille  tomalacalle  occupyearth  15octrtdem "poor people health care " gop "why poor people live longer?"   connecttheleft  usdorrtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandmessage anonymous american autumn  connect_occupy_reboot   media  ows  usdor  15oct  globalchange  bloombergwsj snoozes  apparently wakes 2 connection  ows & student loan debt  ccconnecticut guilty murder home invasion remorseless ex con yawned rocked seat afte...angry connecticut prisoners fighting jail porn ban convicts connecticut fighting ban por...connecticut guilty murder home invasion convicted thursday murdering woman h...rttroll alertis astro turf concern troll trying 2 taint  occupywallstreet communist conspiracy  p2  connecttheleft  owsrtrepublicans rooting economy fail...bc hv noviable candidate win wh desperate   usdor  connecttheleftf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadband government planned initiative inc...rtf.c.c. expanding efforts connect americans broadbandrtstudents  massincarceration connect nypd police repression  occupywallst ca prison  hungerstrikertplease oftern> sen nelson (ne) tester (mt) joined gop vote potus american jobs bill     connecttheleft  ows  usdorrtplease oftern> sen nelson (ne) tester (mt) joined gop vote potus american jobs bill     connecttheleft  ows  usdorrtmessage anonymous american autumn  connect_occupy_reboot   media  ows  usdor  15oct  globalchange  bloombergi smell ipad connect lol "thieves break brooklyn buy  steal nearly 200 ipads
joe aceti  director shaped tv sports  dies 76 aceti decades  unorthodox camera...is dream act pipe dream? tale immigrants reveals decades  broken  deportation systemrt"sometimes decades pass happens; sometimes weeks pass decades happen" ~lenin  ows  occupywallst  occupyeverywheretruly    rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallst… (cont)rtspot rtdecades calvin & hobbes comicstrip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementny times art news joe aceti  director shaped tv sports  dies 76 aceti decades  fo...rtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementdecades calvin hobbes comic succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement(cont) decadesrtheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    viartheh. decades calvin hobbes comic strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movementrtoh  bk  re writer lived decades ago   oh  actually  wait    2004 |rtdecades calvin & hobbes strip succinctly explains  occupywallstreet movement    via
rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsandrew dumbfart wouldn jumped cake lapdancei seeandstill effect  ve ed  jumped gun  type info.rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsperhaps tea party jolted none actually  protest  anymore jumped shark  occupywallstreetthe guy thrown jail  loses job. goes customers jumped counter.rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsnew pinac post citizen video captures pandemonium nypd crazy girls jumped subway turnstile.video nypd knocks lady   via. oh hell no.... jumped dude  fuckboy  fucknypdrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsyou bad  rtnow kanye  occupywallst officially jumped shark?  occupynetflix now?rtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsthose jumped counter armed  rightfully coming them. customer rightrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsnearly 1 10 americans antidepressants jumped 400% past decadesrtjust jumped  peoplesmic "mic check. ve informed thathas issued summons & released"  owsrtnow kanye  occupywallst officially jumped shark?  occupynetflix now?
ouch hurt  fml  moron  whatwasithinking  occupymyliver  jager  occupywallstreet  ows  omg  4horsmenshot dontrt4horsemen rtok  occupywallstreet talk....what drink next?  barfly  ilovethisbar  jager
why  wethepeople  occupywallst ? beltway earnings u.s. capital richer silicon valley   ows  occupydcrtthe rich stay richer poor stay power  change status quo  occupywallstreet  takewallstreet  ourwallstreet  99percent  owsrtboth parties allowed factions 2 financial power capture civil&military power pass laws richer&silencing dissent  usdorrt??????rich?gets?richer??????? ??????????poor?gets?poorer??? ?????????that?is?not?fair????? ????????????????  wwrevolution  occupywallstreetrt??????rich?gets?richer??????? ??????????poor?gets?poorer??? ?????????that?is?not?fair????? ????????????????  wwrevolution  occupywallstreetrthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.apple co founder ron wayne $35 billion richer sold shares 2 weeks.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rtboth parties allowed factions 2 financial power capture civil&military power pass laws richer&silencing dissent  usdorrthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rt??????rich?gets?richer??????? ??????????poor?gets?poorer??? ?????????that?is?not?fair????? ????????????????  wwrevolution  occupywallstreetrtboth parties allowed factions 2 financial power capture civil&military power pass laws richer&silencing dissent  usdorrthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rtboth parties allowed factions 2 financial power capture civil&military power pass laws richer&silencing dissent  usdorrtusing financial power capture civil & military power pass laws richer & silence dissent tyranny.  usdorrtusing financial power capture civil & military power pass laws richer & silence dissent tyranny.  usdorrtboth parties allowed factions 2 financial power capture civil&military power pass laws richer&silencing dissent  usdorrthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.rthey  occupywallstreet   rich getting richer doing rich. ditto poor.

rtsign help reach 100 000 supporters standing  occupywallst protestors country   owsbarack obama supporters stage harlem tea party support president re ... jennifer h. cunningham backe...rt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  pichi  im following movement im curious usually happens supporters arrested & detained?rttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  picrttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  picrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrtsign help reach 100 000 supporters standing  occupywallst protestors country   owsevery politician  ows  trust wall street supporters congress.rtopen dc occupiers supporters strategy discussion 11:00 freedom plaza  oct6  occupydc  usdor  occupytogetherrtbarack obama supporters stage harlem tea party support president re ...   york daily newsrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrtthanks~ pass quality sunblock lotion sanitisers fb supporters tooneedsoftheoccupiersbarack obama supporters stage harlem tea party support president re ... jennifer h. cunningham backe...rttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  picrtoccupydallas  occupysupporters direct toa call action  plz rtrtsign help reach 100 000 supporters standing  occupywallst protestors country   owsrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupyrttimes square  occupied  entire square fit  occupywallstreet supporters  picrt  70%  ows supporters politically independent  occupy
rtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrtrtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  ows (via)rtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrtthat fast  g20nypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owswow  10 days pay assault rtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrtrtrtnypd deputyinspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying  ows protestersrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  ows (via)rtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  ows || hope thanked union.rtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  ows:( rtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrt @nypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  owsrikers rikers rikers bs “nypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  ows”rtthe  nypd officer maced peaceful women 10 vacation days docked. joking.   owsrtrtnypd deputy inspector anthony bologna docked 10 days pay pepper spraying protesters  ows. gonna stop herertthe  nypd officer maced peaceful women 10 vacation days docked. joking.   owsrtthingsweallhate police brutality sanctioned w/ docked pay.ows
rtvideo el movimiento ocupa wall street llama los latinos través de las redes sociales   occupywallst...rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rtlatina authors explore santería afro caribbean religionsrt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.tienes 1 celular viejo? dónalo >>  & dale nueva vidasocialgood  latinos  latism  latam  l4sg  occupywallstrt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt"85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked."rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.unfairfacts 85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.rt85% african americans latinos stopped nypd frisked 6% caucasians frisked.
love marine  soldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet”rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.hamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday released israeli soldier captured mo...rtamerican soldiers waking    troops support taking america      ows  anonymous  bofa  wellsfargo  nypdrtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreethamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins  ethan bronner reported jerusalemrtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreethamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap begins hamas tuesday released israeli soldier captured mo...rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreetwhy?  > troops iraq talk halliburton & kbr    iraq  60minutes  soldiers  veteransamerican soldiers waking    troops support taking america      ows  anonymous  bofa  wellsfargo  nypdrtarmy embeds psyops soldiers local tv stations   anonymous  owshamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap beginsisrael reaches deal free captured soldier israelis reached tentative deal hamas free s...israeli soldier gilad shalit freed text message  mahmoud zahar  hamas  leader gaza strip  that..."israel mulls deal free captured soldierthe guardianhamas frees israeli soldier prisoner swap beginsnew york timesjerusalem — islamist palestinia...rtsoldier tells nypd "there honor "   ows  occupywallstreet up. time re held responsible.


>> cnbc talking heads callsprotesters freaks<< sharestand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg . stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetap exposes nypd & cia joint operations.  heads citizens rely ol msm.washi...rtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtheads dc >> rtk 9 unit spotted  mcpherson park.  occupykstrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreetrtclean pot smoking crack heads "camps." turds "snatch defeat jaws victory."clean pot smoking crack heads "camps." turds "snatch defeat jaws victory."rtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtrtheads dc >> rtk 9 unit spotted  mcpherson park.  occupykstrtgeneralassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdorrtlove this. localized. “generalassembly bronx heads  libertysquare  70 strong subway.  15oct  ows  usdor”rtbill reilly calls  occupywallstreet "drug trafficking crackheads"why aren melon heads protesting obama. takes millions dollars unions wall street?rtrtheads upsupreme court blocks ban corporate political spending   scotusrtstand announcement. heads up. time  operation broomberg .  stay tuned. serious   usdor  occupywallstreet
dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  nyc dance experts judge contestants judges "dancing stars"    carrie ann inaba  br...rtnydngossip rtderek hough dislocates shoulder  dwtsdwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...carson anna eliminated dwts...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...nancy grace denies breaking wind  dwts   fetish website ...rtrichard simmons insists  healthiest  despite frail  dwts appearancedwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ... according "dancing stars" ...dwts  weight loss shocks ricki lake  lost 13 inches ...
rtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtdoesn surprise all. nyc bloggers asleep ows. rtthere times food writer  ows thu...rtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetrtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreetthanks. know?doesn surprise all. nyc bloggers asleep ows. rtthere times food writer  ows thu...thank yourtsorry hippies  weed wrong drug this. trucker crank cialis. don wanna lose rage boner.  occupywallstreet
rtprotesters disrupt john boehner’s golf game newport beach  viaows   ourwallstreetpresident clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...president clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...president clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...president clinton golf path fitness karen crouse politics  former p...most recent mini golf related pressnyt president clinton golf path fitness   health  health_newspharmacy president clinton golf path fitness former president bill clinton hosted round...president clinton golf path fitness former president bill clinton hosted roundtable dis...president clinton golf path fitnesspresident clinton golf path fitnesswie thompson  game  compete pro   golf  nytpresident clinton golf path fitnesswie thompson  game  compete pro former teenage golf prodigy michelle wie lpga newcomer lexi...president clinton golf path fitnessbull sharks home australian golf course lake talk water hazards. six bull sharks  ranging f...president clinton golf path fitness news times golf blog...."the iconic food... iconic golfer tiger woods is... violation hot dog etiquette."cloud hovers ohio st. suspended players posey accepted approximately $100 golf fees ano...fuzzy zoeller hillybilly red neck fatboygolfer  golf ball mom chicken front yardhealth & fitness president clinton golf path fitness transformation golfers th...
australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal australia ad...rtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxdtn china australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal aust...dtn usa australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal austra...watch $rio $bhp $glen australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxrtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxrtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxrtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal australia ad...rtaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxhey rant website forced remove threats dectective uncovered ... narrowly ...  kristiaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal australia ad...queens woman narrowly avoids sexual assaultcop narrowly escapes shooting struggle gun suspect brooklyn york (cbsnewyork) – police ...australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal australia ad...in australia  carbon tax narrowly passes lower housertaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon taxaustralia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax  [ny times world]australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax  [ny times asia]australia’s lower house narrowly passes carbon tax prime minister julia gillard’s proposal australia ad...
rtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtmore excellent  thankyourtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owson govt civil rights panel  call inspect nypd      (ap) ap   former homeland security department civil r...rtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtmeet guy snitched occupy wall street fbi nypd  sad paranoid govt cops wild  owsrtwatching  globalrevolution live  occupywallstreet footage   solidarity  99percent  twothingsthatdontmix corp govtrtif remove special elections  grievances govt solved.  usdorpsa govtdear  occupywallst   please read piece. critical understand govt bank symbiosis. govt enables tbtfs   owsrtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtquote day "if violence answer  govts  monopoly it?"  ows  nypd  sfpd  police  brutality  o15rtif govt pick choose countries occupy  people parks?  owsrtfree & fair elections remedy myriad ills & abuses govt preys spirits resources citizens   usdorrtour  govt  captured  factions.  overturn corp personhood.  citizens allowed campaign contributions  usdorrtculture war over.  lost.  usdor  govt  press  & civic space captured powerful factions.   usdorrtmore 900 ex govt officials inc 70 former congress mbr lobbied financial sector 2009   usdor  owsrtif remove special elections  grievances govt solved.  usdor

rtdamn rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsrtdamn rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsi told finance committee wepay account  occupywallstreet fake.   viaoccupywallstreet march leaving wall st.   generalassembly continue committee reports.generalassembly  occupywallstreet session continues report committeesrtows rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsrtindiv & committees affiliated finance sector $1b campaign contributions  98 08   usdor  owsrtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsrtwow.  ows rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsmore postponed. goes council. planning committee. read local govtrtindiv & committees affiliated finance sector $1b campaign contributions  98 08   usdor  owsrtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsrt“lobbyists super inside track super committee. ordinary voters shut out.   tcot”  usdayofragertaction committees. byob (bring own bliss)if isn  create movementoccupycosprings  usdorwhoopi goldberg heading host committee quilt benefit; anthony rapp  nikki m. james  et al. performsend occupations  rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150krtoccupywallstreet march leaving wall st.   generalassembly continue committee reports.rt7 arrested armed services committee rayburn house office building  oct6  occupydc  takewallstreet //rtows rtfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsrtlive protest dc @ armed services committee   oct6  occupydc (livertdirect action committee rep outlining plan "hold interior park"  cheering crowd zuccotti  ows
rti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypd+1i question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdi question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypd
rt “ows homeless robs $100  15yrs  ceo $3billion (cont)nyt reporter won sleep near real "homeless" people  ows. wonder protesters  too.rtfact ritics homeless camps flaw speaks volumes touc… (cont)rtkeep bringing homeless liberty plaza eat.  takewallstreet  owscheck video    homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viartwatch &  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly     occupyrtnyt reporter won sleep near real "homeless" people  ows. wonder protesters  too.rtnyt reporter won sleep near real "homeless" people  ows. wonder protesters  too.horrific harlem stabbing caught video cops  families watch terrifying attack homelessrtnyt reporter won sleep near real "homeless" people  ows. wonder protesters  too.don talk shit homeless   occupywallstreethollywood directorreaches help  nyc  homeless the. (via)rtnyt reporter won sleep near real "homeless" people  ows. wonder protesters  too.horrific  harlem  stabbing caught video cops watch terrifying attack homeless   nypdsfinest"artists" opps  mean homeless losers.rthomeless stage  sleep  outside gates foundation building |  occupyseattle   occupywallstreetits do. homeless twice myself.rtn.y.c. makes progress helping bronx’s chronic homeless adultsrtanon  occupywallstreet  occupymiami yorks finest  homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viartcheck video    homeless stabbed nypd cops watch uselessly  viano donuts helprtn.y.c. makes progress helping bronx’s chronic homeless adults
democrats weprin outspent turner replace weiner thomas kaplan democrats poured $1.5 million thei...a campaign windfall 4 republicans voted sex marriage thomas kaplan albany — le...rtcorrupt justice investigate  impeach  remove clarence thomas  viaows   ourwallstreetrto love it. thomas kuhn forever  rtnew paradigm construction  occupywallstreetthank usmc sergeant shamar thomas defending rights safety protesters confronting nypd.  occupytogether  owsrtmtmarine sergeant shamar thomas nypd saying theyr supposed defend  occupywallstreet  15octrtnew york security consultant thomas ryan waging campaign infiltrate discredit movement  owsdecorated u.s. marine sgt. shamar thomas nypd "..it takes coward harm unarmed civilians"  occupywallstreet  owsrtquote day "if violence answer  govts  monopoly it?"  ows  nypd  sfpd  police  brutality  o15sgt. shamar thomas discusses experience confronting nypd times square | video cafeu.s. marine sgt. shamar thomas chats nypd times square   ows  occupywallstan analogy thomas edison steve jobsrtows sgt thomas  usmarine stood  nypd live oncountdown tonight   solidarity  sept17[video] decorated u.s. marine sgt. shamar thomas tells nypd “this war  honor this”rtcuomo renew millionaires’ taxreportsthomas ryan security fromblack cell unit infiltratesand info fbi & nypdrtnypd cops don look heroic anymore. look shit   salutr sgt shamar thomas   usdorglad sgt shamar thomas   ows hero spoke nypd  stop violence towards protestorsmarine sergeant shamar thomas nypd saying theyre supposed defend  occupywallstreet  15oct   owsrtpiri thomas  author ‘down mean streets ’ dies  (oh  favorite books. rest prose.)s/o usmc sgt shamar thomas pressin  nypd klowns 30 deep nd herbed 1


rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstnytimes california allows college aid illegal immigrantsrtvideo veteran rants police brutality   ows  usdorrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstis dream act pipe dream? tale immigrants reveals decades  broken  deportation systemit 2nd time ve tried read american circus    guess 200 carny history warrants 500 pages.california dream act signed gov. jerry brown  illegal immigrants eligible college aid dream ca...immigrants sexually abused centers report immigrants reported sexually abused federal detention ce...california dream act signed gov. jerry brown  illegal immigrants eligible college aid dream ca...california dream act signed gov. jerry brown  illegal immigrants ... dream act stirred con...moving "us military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallst"us military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallst99percenters vs 1percent tyrants oligarchies? doubt 99percenters prevailcalifornia dream act signed gov. jerry brown  illegal immigrants ... meena hartenstein students in...immigrants sexually abused centers report immigrants reported sexually abused federal detention ce...classic schwinn bike helps tell tale puerto rican migrants ed morales  started bike " mi...rtcity children immigrants focus city education projectciaalum82  owner "david burke kitchen" & 7 restaurants  profiled onows rtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtus military veteran rants nypd brutality. sunday evening chills spine   occupywallstrtnew york restaurants weather recession  providing opportunities risk to..
rtoccupywallstreet 25 arrests @ citibank cause close bank account   live videostreaming >>rtus navy sailor uniform arrested night occupy sacramento   occupywallstreet  owsrtus navy sailor uniform arrested night occupy sacramento   occupywallstreet  owsrtplease  usdor  anonops  ows video manifesto nation    occupywallstreet eric allen bell"more pics   occupyboston arrest via  usa  uk  hrw  bahrain  gccrtyou nice blog  occupywallstreet  ows  99percent  occupywallst  occupyboston  occupytogether17s  ows  15oows  occupywallstreet  anonymous  usdorrtlive  occupywallstreet sunday night >>rtrt start using  therevolution puppy trendrtlive  occupywallstreet sunday night >>rtdid paid $1 taxes paid entire bank america?  occupywallstreet  boartfinance committee reporting  generalassembly ve raised $150k  individual donationsemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsrtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet tomorrow >>rtjailed covering wall street protests |  |  occupywallstreet  usdor  anonops  anonymousrtnew video  occupywallstreet protesters arrested attempted  citibank account closing >>rtlive  occupywallstreet sunday night >>anonops live  occupywallstreet sunday night >>  anonops live  occupywallstreet sunday nig...rtemergency call action prevent forcible closure  occupywallstreet  libertypark     ows  a99  opesr  usdor  anonopsour veteran protecting
kristof writes inequality.the pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetbut  occupywallst don embrace democrats contributed wealthy inequality usa.rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtequality rule    99percent  occupytogetherrtmtprotests equal riots equal terrorism. terrorism polic...rtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptprotesters wall street    income inequality grinding middle class    occupywallstreet  owsthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtthe reign percenters income inequality destroying culture   occupywallstreet  ows  topprog  p2rtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egyptrtthe pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtthe reign percenters income inequality destroying culture   occupywallstreet  ows  topprog  p2the pay ceo equal teachers  salaries combined?  viaoccupywallstreet  takewallstreetrtmy column occupy wall st primal scream inequality  equal egypt50 yrs march. complete. rising inequality  understand struggle smart  vid
despite frosty relations wall street  obama "flush cash" financial sector     ows  usdorrtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.rtrtdavid geffen ron burkle   frenemies? book sheds light billionaires  relationship.rtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.what  occupywallstreet ?  anonymous  press  anonpublicrelationsrtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.rtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.rtows quote day"nypd stepping rake public relations. doesn hit  arrests."both liberals conservatives hate  malignant  symbiotic relationship government corporations  ows  occupywallstcan "relationship" siri?rtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake help  ows  wouldn bit surprised.al jazeera looks  occupywallst protesters  uneasy relationship mainstream  mediasorry china doesn speak half    relationship didn  dealing lifertnew  citizenradio dept’s cozy relationship w/  keystone lobbyist   ows confuses est media bit.ly/rox2p1  occupywallst  kxl  p2local residents call abt quality life concerns re occupywallst 917 524 7811 + owscommunityrelations.comrtgreat job gary myers look relationship btwn jets  al toon & son  nick  stars wisconsin   nyjrtif investigation nypd $ public relations mistake to...rtboth liberals conservatives hate  malignant  symbiotic relationship government corporations  ows  occupywallstshe relationship you... er... nypd.  castleshe relationship you... er... nypd.  castleows paid infiltrate  marginalize tell lies  occupywallst bad public relations.
at library  vintage hip hop meditationhe arts beat library  vintage hip hop meditation chuck public enemy rap music wa...at library  vintage hip hop meditation           picrtartsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditationnytimes artsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditation chuck public enemy r...at library  vintage hip hop meditationat library  vintage hip hop meditation jennifer schuessler chuck public enemy famously sai...bad yr gop candidate pool. rtvintage vid herman cain pizza jam?  hermancainpizzajams | video   p2rtartsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditationffartsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditation   teamfollowbackvintage video gop debate  2000 | york daily newsvintage video herman cain pizza jam?  hermancainpizzajams | york daily newsat library  vintage hip hop meditation   york times (blog)at library  vintage hip hop meditationrtthe mule heel vintage gem seasons past  seen spring 2012 collections....artsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditation chuck public enemy rap music ...mind matter library  vintage hip hop meditationrtwow  idea organisedstunning pics  all.   occupywallstreet  ows  sep17artsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditation chuck public enemy rap music ...artsbeat blog library  vintage hip hop meditation   jumponstage

rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camprtrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtrtstay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camprtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtthe world watching  rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrt"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtthe world watching  rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrt"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"rtrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtthe world watching  rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsabt 80 swat/riot cops marching 2 expansion camp  ows 3 million visitors   uprtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsa perspective  growth. business owner considers risks expansionthe world watching  rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  owsrtrtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"stay calm  peaceful & cameras rollingabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows"rtrtabout 80 swat/riot cops marching expansion camp  ows
rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtoccupywallstst  vanjones  occupywallstnyc "we occupied 80 cities   ...and counting " "occupied." hitler europe.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtrtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. ...rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.rtwall street 1 month occupied. happy occupy. fascinating worldwide movement. deny.bloomberg occupied. course supports 1% 1%
rtrtlooks boston pd arresting nat lawyer guild legal observer endrtnational lawyer guild observer brutalized/arrested occupy boston   ocupyboston  usdorrtdaily kos  occupywallstreet video legal observer run nypd scooter   p2  topprogrtnational lawyer guild observer brutalized/arrested occupy boston   ocupyboston  usdorrtother  ows reporters today...who else?rtthe legal observer run over.. reports subsequent aggression rtrtrtofficer cardona [punchy cop]  ows legal observersrtnational lawyer guild observer brutalized/arrested occupy boston   ocupyboston  usdorrtrtofficer cardona [punchy cop]  ows legal observersrtthe legal observer run over.. reports subsequent aggression rtrtnational lawyer guild observer brutalized/arrested occupy boston   ocupyboston  usdorcheck picture aobserver getting run cop  owsrtexplaining video nypd running  dragging  beating legal observer  previouslyrtnational lawyer guild observer brutalized/arrested occupy boston   ocupyboston  usdorrt"the amount money raised occupation related campaigns wepay $100 000"  occupywallstreetreuters george soros via  owsfywrtrt pic legal observer getting arrestedrtrtrtrtoccupywallstreet video legal observer run nypd scootermtoccupy wall street video legal observer run nypd scooterrtoccupywallstreet video legal observer run  nypd scooterrtbreaking; press release occupy boston  medics legal observer arrested  ows  usdor  occupywallstreet
rtamar stoudemire europe  option  nba lock sticks around.rtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rt««coming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks   (cont)rtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rttime nightsticks & water cannons. steady job benefits  join militaryrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtrtoccupyvancouver internet sticks. please help   vancouver  occupycanada // needsoftheoccupiers  mediartneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rt“coming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  ows”rtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rtrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rthe joked  world laughed comic actor  sticks  win...rtcoming tonight? bring candles  flashlights  glow sticks    needsoftheoccupiers  allnightvigil  owsrtneedsoftheoccupiers  occupyboston love following donations water  tent sticks  aid kits  rain suits  tarps  towels. rt
authorized whom  sources ?nypd authorized tear gas protestors  owsrt“if nypd authorized teargas people authorize ourselves (cont)rtriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas protestors.   usrevolutionrt"in democracies   authorized  demonstration." julian  assange  occupywallst  99percent  occupytogetherrtriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas  ows protesters.   15ortrtriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas  ows protesters.   15oif feel threatenedthe nypd authorized tear gas. riot police gatheringrtif nypd authorized teargas people authorize ourselves ours rights means necessary“if nypd authorized teargas people authorize ourselves (cont)rt"riverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas protestors.   owsrtrtriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas  ows protesters.   15ortriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas protestors.   usrevolutionrtriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas protestors.   usrevolutionrtthe nypd authorized tear gas. riot police gathering.  owsows hand.nypd yelling people"leave won hurt". police "authorized teargas." arrests made.rtriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas protestors.   usrevolutionrtriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas protestors.   usrevolutionrtriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas protestors.   usrevolutionrtriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas protestors.   usrevolutionriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas protestors.   usrevolutionrtriverside news alert nypd apparently authorized tear gas protestors.   usrevolution
rtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtand public   ows “in private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtows rtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtin private "bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreetrtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"rtrich doesnt equal smart rtin private "bankers dismiss  ows protesters gullible unsophisticated"""bankers dismiss protesters gullible unsophisticated"   occupywallstreet"
rtamazon signs authors  writing publishers deal. publishers happy campersrtgood article threat amazon poses traditional publishers.rttop story amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealamazon signs authors  writing publishers dealamazon rewrites rules book publishing signs authors  publishers deal    via“rtchristopher hitchens writing  mortality cancerauthors sales data 3 publishers challenge amazon continued efforts woo authorstop story amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealtop story amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealnytimes amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealit late critical linking publishers  products easy buy;  occupywallst library; & |amazon signs authors  writing publishers deal   signofthetimesauthors sales data online 3 publishersrtrtchristopher hitchens writing  mortality cancerrtgood article threat amazon poses traditional publishers.häufig ge[twittert] amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealnytimes amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealnytimes amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealanother business meed disruption. nytimes amazon signs authors  writing publishers dealauthors sales data publishersamazon signs authors  writing publishers deal?
rtpolice brutality claims surround occupy wall street day rage protests  takewallstreet  ows  occupywallstrtthere reasondescended  ows claims zucotti "cleaned" friday brookfield nypd itlions  tigers & claims ...oh  tragic story play insurance world?rtifwt nypd cop sued sexual harassment claims slander  sues accusing cop $3 millionhuffpost claims list  ows demands. story?rtalert  alert    iran claims terror plot accusation diversion u.s.     twitpicrtwitness claims nypd arbitrarily roughly pulled 60 olds (his estimate) crowd arrested them.  owsrtthere reasondescended  ows claims zucotti "cleaned" friday brookfield nypd itrtthere reasondescended  ows claims zucotti "cleaned" friday brookfield nypd itrtwitness claims nypd arbitrarily roughly pulled 60 olds (his estimate) crowd arrested them.  owsrtthere reasondescended  ows claims zucotti "cleaned" friday brookfield nypd itdude claims runover nyc cop ows nutmegger.rtnypd cop sued sexual harassment claims slander  sues accusing cop $3m defamation  hitechcjglenn maxey claims rick perry hired gay male hooker craigslist.nypd cop sued sexual harassment claims slander  sues accusing cop $3 millionbut call privileged claims movement facing "most severe repression ever" true.rtwitness claims nypd arbitrarily roughly pulled 60 olds (his estimate) crowd arrested them.  owsrtthere reasondescended  ows claims zucotti "cleaned" friday brookfield nypd itrtfact romney detroit bankrupt  claims credit turnaround.    econdebateny cop sued sexual harassment claims slander  sues accusing cop $3m defamation   emplaw  hr  employmentlawu.s. denies iran claims saudi plot defendant belongs exile
rthaha homie third grade birthday money credit unionit lifetime learn third grader. :)  catchingup  banktransferdayviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...haha homie third grade birthday money credit unionviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...rtop ed "the third  intifada happened. called  arabspring " hamid dabashigreat read. (plz correct wrong) formation third party based  ows antithetical movement existence?what  odor permeates  mta  jamaicacenter?? smells  thirdworld bathrooms?rtchinese economy cools slightly third quarterdear nypd whiteshirts watching footage third clash  ows   fuckrtrtcitigroup  third largest u.s. bank assets  net income jumps 73 percentoccupynorwich uk officially third day & spirits   guys  ows"...wishing yearning third term ronald reagan." <   vomited. ad hominem  measurertcongratsyou deserve happiness  | shannen doherty marries third husband kurt iswarienkobusted  british marathoner admits cheated  caught bus finish third race british marathoner was...violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...news violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke lat...   nytimes[nyt middle east] violence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third dayrtviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third dayviolence yemen’s capital escalates clashes enter third day fighting broke late sunday night ...esto se esta escapando de las manos // third video nypd scooter vs. occupy wall street legal observer

rti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viarti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viadaring tea party support wallstreet? assumeing street listening begin with.even nyt obamacare subject laws economics. cbo assume 1/3 fewer docs?rti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viarti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viartrti assume 2 protect rtnypd posted outside david koch buildingrti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viaif  liberallogic guess assume  occupywallstreet formed opposition black man.  tcot  p2  twistersusing  liberallogic ll assume  occupywallstreet kids cared  black office.  twisters  tcot  p2  teaparty  p2brti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viarti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viarti assume 2 protect rtnypd posted outside david koch buildingrti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viarti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  viartrti assume 2 protect rtnypd posted outside david koch buildingrtrti assume 2 protect rtnypd posted outside david koch buildingrtrti assume 2 protect rtnypd posted outside david koch buildingwhat ports work? assume laptop??rtrti assume 2 protect rtnypd posted outside david koch buildingrti assume protect rtnypd posted outside david koch building  via
please follow me.... rton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started all:...please follow me.... rton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started...rtmusic   song  ows  occupyanniversary  occupywallst  99percent  occupynation  occupy  occupyseattle  occupyseattlehappy anniversary     world stands solidarity you~ stay strong  stay  stay peacefulrthappy anniversary ows     ll support.rtrton 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owsrtcongratulations  occupywallstreet month resistance activism. can. cheers spain  occupyanniversaryoccupy wall st. celebrates 1 mo. anniversary occupy wall street protesters zuccotti par...rtrt~ 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  owsrtsnuck  generalassembly 2 pick surprise  occupyanniversary cake.. shh dont tell em   owsrttweet  10000 special happy month anniversary tooccupywallstreet  ows  occupyeverywhere1 month anniversary  solidarity  ows  globalchangerthappy 1 month anniversary toows  99percentrthappy anniversary ows     ll support.rthappy anniversary ows     ll support.rt72% yorkers trouble understanding  ows "incoherent" message   occupyanniversaryrtrthappy anniversary ows     ll support.  owson 1 month anniversary  here´s tweet started   occupywallstreet  occupy rtoccupy wall st. celebrates 1 mo. anniversaryrtoccupyanniversary rtnypd trying bust medical tent  butis  winning  owsi bit late happy anniversary  ows    occupiers   ...
rtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionrtplz  heyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionarrests twice vulnerable women pimps johns. time change   sextraffickingi feel prevent sex trafficking. is... apparent form slavery.rtbill reilly calls  occupywallstreet "drug trafficking crackheads"rtviktor bout’s trial arms trafficking charges beginshere fight sex trafficking nyc  alosingpropositionrtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionteen sues $25m  claiming nypd cop forced  prostitute     traffickingheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionarrests twice vulnerable women pimps johns. time change   sextraffickingrtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingproposition   please rtrthere fight sex trafficking nyc  alosingpropositionrtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionbill reilly calls  occupywallstreet "drug trafficking crackheads" = paranoia cause violent police reaction?rthere fight sex trafficking nyc  alosingpropositionrtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingpropositionheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingproposition   please rtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingproposition   please rtheyarrest pimps johns  sex trafficking victims   alosingproposition   please rt

rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.what annoys refurbishment option portrayed  condemn kids hell ...rtrtoccupywallstreet naomi wolf condemns  stalinist  erosion protest rights  ows  usdorrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rtrtoccupywallstreet naomi wolf condemns  stalinist  erosion protest rights  ows  usdorrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.occupy wall st naomi wolf condemns  stalinist  erosion protest rights  occupywallstreetrtiranian students tehran condemn  nypd behavior  occupywallstreet  reports media.rtoccupywallstreet naomi wolf condemns  stalinist  erosion protest rights  ows  usdorrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.occupy wall st naomi wolf condemns  stalinist  erosion protest rights   occupywallstreet  naomiwolfrtiranian students tehran condemn  nypd behavior  occupywallstreet  reports media.rtoccupywallstreet naomi wolf condemns  stalinist  erosion protest rights  ows  usdorrttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rtoccupywallstreet & vid marine sergeant shamar thomas condemning nypd  (thx)rttomorrow 6am nypd w/ bloomberg try shut  occupywallst.i condemn mayor cops. crime liberty.rt.calls  occupywallst 2 condemn hatred jews; call on2 condemn wing friends  hatred 99%
here video  nypd using strobe lights filming nightrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrthere video  nypd using strobe lights filming nightrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaowsrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetnypd strobe lights camera  ows   occupywallstreet  antibanks  globalrevolutionrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreeti  ows supporters own strobes nypd times.rtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreetrthere video  nypd using strobe lights filming nightrtis legal 4to strobe light prevent protesters filming actions.   owsrt“nypd strobe lights camera  ows   occupywallstreet   globalrevolution”rtnypd strobe lights camera  ows   antibanks  globalrevolutionhere purchase own strobe flashlightrtnypd strobe lights camera  ows   antibanks  globalrevolutionrtrtvideo nypd using strobe lighting impair media filming  viaows  occupywallstreet
rtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  ows““less 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll (cont)rtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtfact:if don raise rent/utility $ 12hrs home  rothboys  brodie me.rtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  owsrtless 2hrs till  generalassembly @  occupywashingtonsquare. ll live streaming  7pm.   owashsq  ows
rt"you don petting zoo interact animals. pigs sheep " ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreetrt"if knowledge weapon  u.s. forcibly disarmed name god reality tv." ~sn  occupywallstreet
mailing stuff thecrew... wish heart   occupywallstreetrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrt gd mailing list 1st   owsrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorthomas ryan  nyc comp security consultant publishes entire  ows mailing list breitbart websitert mailing list   owsinformant nypd & fbi. weak. mailing list   owsrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorthis pretty pathetic. tone deaf. "democratic party  occupywallst build mailing list"   owsrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdorrtmeet guy selling public mailing lists  occupywallstreet fbi nypd stupidly buy  ows  usdor
rtoccupytrenton nj evicted  media livestream  pls retweet   ows  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupycanada  solidarityrtjesse jackson occupies ows medical tent  saves evicted nypdrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupyrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupyplz violent cause diminished.  evicted occupy 59th st live workrtwe bullied  frightened  laid  evicted  uninsured  lied  lied about. occupy   ows  usdor  p2jesse jackson occupies medical tent  saves evicted nypdoccupynh threatened 2 evicted 2nite. appreciated.  ows bring firehose   occupywallstrtoccupytrenton nj evicted  media livestream  pls retweet   ows  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetwow  san diego too? mtbeing evicted   call police (619) 531 2000 mayor (619) 236 6330 stop itrtoccupytrenton nj evicted  media livestream  pls retweet   ows  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetjesse jackson occupies ows medical tent  saves evicted nypdrtoccupytrenton nj evicted  media livestream  pls retweet   ows  needsoftheoccupiers  occupywallstreetrtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupy watch lsrtjesse jackson occupies ows medical tent  saves evicted nypdjesse jackson occupies ows medical tent  saves evicted nypd — animal  viadon talk shit  evicted fair square movertwe bullied  frightened  laid  evicted  uninsured  lied  lied about. occupy   ows  usdor  p2rtrt occupy hampshire evicted police 15 minutes  ows  occupycanada  solidarityrtpls   occupywallstreet york mass protesters tomorrow 6 am re evicted.
the guns trampled indigenous  black  brown  yellow  white.rtrtnypd pulled netting  preparing tear gas guns disperse crowd. world watchingowsthe marine york talked king shit nypd major salute there. didn arrest pull guns him.  salutertrtdidn  teaparty ppl townhalls handguns? yes  yes believe did.  occupywallstreetrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdbetter careful  kids guns badges dangerous.rti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdthe nypd paid provide private security wall st firms corporate entities.  rentacopswithguns  owsny ag schneiderman guns concealed carry laws ...   york daily news (blog)   ccwnewshe aims hand forgotten father. ~ roland   gunslinger stephen king  occupywallstreet  ows  15oct  15orti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdrti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdnyag schneiderman  guns concealed carry laws yourselves ..rather election  12  brawl  teaparty  occupywallstreet.  p.s.  teaparty guns.rti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdmarine nypd dont guns  hurting people?rti question... police teabaggers bringing loaded guns political events?  ows  nypdmarine nypd “they don’t guns  hurting people?”   videos  coldcock
rtoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times square““occupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squareoccupy wall street protesters nypd gully times square (photos) | global grind  viartoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarelol “gully” rtoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times square««occupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squareoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times squarertoccupy wall street protesters  nypd gully times square   out. wow
corrections october 8   york timesrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdowncorrection park cleaned fridayrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 times square  breakdownrtarrests correction 71 arrests total nyc. 42 time